Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs Defensive Computing By Michael Horowitz Follow About | Defensive Computing is for people who use computing devices for work, not play. Rather than focus on the latest news or devices, this blog aims to be educational. Heavy on facts, light on opinions. How-To Windows Update on Windows 7 is fast again More like this A bug fix bake-off Taking a break from Windows Update The continuing slowness of Windows Update on Windows 7 on IDG Answers What does "used com.android.phone" on myactivity.google.com mean? Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments Computerworld | Nov 6, 2016 1:44 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Windows PCs Windows 7 Comments We're back. Windows 7 users can finally return to the normal world, where operating system bug fixes are installed in a reasonable amount of time. A few days ago, Woody Leonhard wrote about an improved version of Windows Update for Windows 7, one that installs bug fixes in mere minutes rather than hours or days. I have tried it on three Windows 7 machines, and it works fine, bug fixes install faster than a speeding bullet. This updated Windows Update is only for those in the know, but reading this blog makes you one of the privileged few. Spread the word.  The procedure for installing the fast version of Windows Update, as Woody describes it, is a bit intimidating at first. The biggest complication involves Bluetooth running on Intel hardware. What does installing a new Windows Update have to do with Bluetooth? Only Microsoft knows. Suffice it to say (Woody has the gory details) that the new Windows Update may break Bluetooth. So, the Defensive Computing thing to do is to make either a Restore Point or an image backup before doing anything else. INTEL DRIVER UPDATES Woody suggests first updating your Bluetooth driver using the Intel driver update utility. I was not impressed with the software.  For one thing, it installs the .NET framework version 4.5, without any up-front notice or warning. Then, it asks you to join the Intel product improvement program. Then, you have to reboot after installing it. And, when I first ran the software (version 2.6.1.4) it was so slow to start up that I thought something had gone wrong. Worse still, were the results; it wanted me to install two different versions of a graphics driver. Why two versions? It didn't say. Still not convinced? The version of the .NET framework 4.5 that Intel installed, needed about a dozen patches. Nothing inspires confidence like installing software with known bugs. The final indignity is that when you un-install the Intel driver update software, the buggy .NET framework remains. And, sad to say, any software from Intel now has to be considered suspect. Back in April, the company announced they were laying off 12,000 employees. There is no way to know which Intel software is still being maintained and which has been abandoned, especially since the company is shifting its focus away from PCs.  So, maybe skip the Bluetooth driver update and hope for the best. PRE-REQ The new Windows Update has a pre-requisite bug fix (KB3020369). Or, maybe two (KB3177467 supersedes KB3020369), it's a bit confusing. The three PCs that I tested all had the necessary pre-req software, so this was a rabbit hole that I didn't have to go down. One of the PCs was last updated at the end of August 2016, another at the end of September and the third in early October. According to Woody, if the pre-req software is missing, you simply get an error message, nothing breaks. DOING THE DEED To install the fast edition Windows Update, download either the 32 bit or 64 bit version of  KB3172605 (the links are in Woody's article). Then, I would reboot. Woody doesn't suggest this, but it's always safer to install bug fixes on a newly booted system rather than one that has been running for a while. Then, Woody says to go off-line, without saying why. My guess is that it insures that Windows Update is not running, something that Woody specifically says to check for. Step 1 of installing the fast Windows Update on Windows 7 To install the software, run the downloaded .msu file. As shown above, it starts off asking if you want to install KB3172605. The installation took about 30 seconds on my computers, expect it to look like the screen shot below. Step 2 of installing the fast version of Windows Update on Windows 7 After it installs, you have to reboot. Go back on-line, and Windows Update should be zippy again. The installation of KB3172605 creates its own Restore Point. MY 3 TEST COMPUTERS As noted earlier, I have tested this on three Windows 7 machines. None had Microsoft Office installed. The speeds that I refer to below are all in the first phase of Windows Update, where it detects the missing bug fixes. The downloading and installing phases have never been slow (if they are, that's a different issue). The first computer I tried was a desktop machine without Bluetooth (bullet dodged). The last time bug fixes were installed on this PC was September 28th. Earlier in the day, Windows Update ran for so many hours on this machine that I lost track and turned the machine off to put it out of its misery. Then, after installing the fast version, it took only three minutes (give or take) to find the missing patches. This was how I learned that the just-installed .NET framework v4.5, that the Intel driver utility had installed, was so buggy. I un-installed the .NET framework 4.5, rebooted and ran Windows Update again. This time it took about 20 seconds. Yes, that's seconds not hours. As expected, it found groups (a.k.a. rollups) of Windows ("October 2016 Security Monthly Quality Rollup ...") and .NET framework ("October 2016 Security and Quality Rollup for .NET Framework 3.5.1 ..." ) fixes. It also found a Definition Update for Windows Defender and the October edition of the Windows Malicious Software Removal Tool. Nothing remarkable here, other than the timing. Next, I tested a laptop that never uses Bluetooth (bullet dodged again) and had last been updated August 28th. The new and improved Windows Update took about 5 minutes to find 8 missing patches. There were individual patches from September 13th and 20th along with the same updates as the first machine. The third machine was another desktop (yet again, no Bluetooth issue to deal with) where the last bug fixes were installed October 2nd. The wrinkle here was that I couldn't take the machine off-line. It was being remotely controlled and had no keyboard, mouse or monitor connected to it. Gambling that the point of being off-line was to insure that Windows Update wasn't running, I stopped the Windows Update service before running the .msu file. All went well, and the new improved Windows Update took about a minute and a half to find 5 missing patches. Initially however, the just-installed Windows Update failed on this machine with a 80244019 error. A minute later, it worked fine. My guess is that this was due to the delayed startup for the Windows Update service. I was over-anxious to play with my new toy. VIEW FROM A THOUSAND FEET Taking a step back from the trenches, it's important to note that Apple and Google have no problems installing bug fixes to their operating systems. Users of iOS, OS X, macOS, Android and Chrome OS don't have to deal with anything remotely like the situation described above. Yes, I know that most Android devices don't get bug fixes at all, but that's a different issue altogether. When there are bug fixes available for Android, the installation process is reasonably straightforward. Windows 7 users, like myself, have endured slow patch installations for months. There is an available fix, but we have to learn about it on our own, and potentially deal with the fix breaking Bluetooth. Then, if the necessary pre-req software is missing, we have to decide whether to install KB3177467 or KB3020369. And, what's the deal with missing patches that are not checked by default? If the fix is missing, why not install it? That Windows 7 users have to deal with things at this level is archaic in this day and age. An operating system should just work. Google is leading the way here as Chromebook users can attest. And, the latest Android, running on the latest hardware, is going to update the operating system just as seamlessly as Chrome OS does. That, is the future. I like Windows 7, but it's a dinosaur. RELATED TOPICS Windows PCs Windows 7 Previous Post Why OpenDNS succeeded where ISP DNS failed when Dyn was unavailable Next Post Another HNAP flaw in D-Link routers Michael Horowitz Michael Horowitz is an independent consultant who has long been focused on Defensive Computing. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     This May Be The Much Anticipated Surface Phone Posted: Nov 6 2016, 11:45am CST | by Ahmed Humayun, Updated: Nov 6 2016, 11:48am CST, in Rumors | Technology News   @evleaks   “Powered by a laptop-class Intel processor, would this have blown your mind?” Leak master @evleaks posted some pictures of a windows phone this Friday. His initial tweet was rather vague. Don't Miss: Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Deals It was hard to decide whether the pictures were conceptual or real. His original tweet was “Powered by a laptop-class Intel processor, would this have blown your mind?” One comment on the tweet was it is a good ‘concept’ and nothing more than that. Evan replied to this tweet. He posted more pictures of the windows phone which were posed in lifestyle shots. Powered by a laptop-class Intel processor, would this have blown your mind? pic.twitter.com/0n2yZPvU65— Evan Blass (@evleaks) November 4, 2016 He also said that there is more to this ‘concept’, stay tuned for pictures. We do not know much more about these phones apart from the fact that they will be powered by Laptop grade Intel CPU. There is no information of specs, price and availability. We don’t even have a time frame as to when this phone will be released. This may be a mock-up with a conceptual phone as a place holder. It may also be a work of fan showing off his Photoshop art. However given Blass’ track record we may be looking at the original deal. You May Like The Author Ahmed Humayun Ahmed Humayun is a technology journalist bringing you the hottest tech stories of the day.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 2 hours ago Japan's Hitachi Develops Lensless Camera Technology 16 hours ago, 9:09am CST WhatsApp Unveils Video Calling 22 hours ago, 2:49am CST The Third-Party Apps That will Use MacBook’s Pro Touch Bar 1 day ago, 9:32am CST China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago Microsoft Signs Up for Elon Musk's $1 Billion OpenAI Project 2 hours ago Dell Cyber Monday 2016 Deals Revealed in Ad 2 hours ago WeChat May Help Users Feel Better 2 hours ago MRI can help Detect Bone Marrow Cancer 5 hours ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 9 hours ago, 3:35pm CST Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 11 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 11 hours ago, 2:23pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Technology News Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 2 hours ago Japan's Hitachi Develops Lensless Camera Technology 16 hours ago, 9:09am CST WhatsApp Unveils Video Calling 22 hours ago, 2:49am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 1 hour ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Zotac Zbox EN1060 review: Better than console gaming in a tiny package But don't expect the same performance as a full-size Nvidia GTX 1060. by Mark Walton (UK) - Nov 6, 2016 6:00 pm UTC Login to bookmark 66 Enlarge Mark Walton Specs at a glance: Zotac Zbox EN1060 (barebones) CPU Intel Core i5-6400T GPU Nvidia GTX 1060 (mobile) Networking Dual gigabit LAN, 802.11ac/b/g/n, Bluetooth 4.0 Ports Microphone, headphone, 2x USB 3.0, 1x USB 3.1 Type-C, 1x USB 3.1, 2x USB 2.0 RAM 2 x DDR4-1866/2133 SODIMM Slots (up to 32GB) Storage 1x 2.5-inch SATA 6.0 Gbps HDD/SSD bay, 1x M.2 PCIe x4 slot (22/42,22/60,22/80) Price £875/$999.99 Nvidia blurred the line between desktop and laptop graphics earlier this year when it replaced its mobile-centric "M" line with nearly full-blown GTX 1080, GTX 1070, and GTX 1060 GPUs. But impressive thin, light, gaming-ready laptops and wallet-busting desktop replacements aside—I'm looking at you, Razer Blade Pro—there's another small-but-compelling computer that's benefited from all this graphics goodness: the mini PC. For the first time (Gigabyte's awful Brix Gaming range and Alienware's modest Steam Machines notwithstanding), you can buy a PC that's smaller than a game console, yet packs in enough processing power to run games at ultra settings and 60FPS. Enter the Magnus EN1060, the latest model from mini PC champions Zotac. Inside its tiny 20cm-by-20cm footprint sits a quad-core Intel Core i5 processor and an Nvidia GTX 1060 graphics card, giving it enough graphics grunt to power games at the highest settings, even at resolutions above 1080p. It makes for a mean, highly portable, VR-ready PC. Unfortunately, stuffing such powerful components into a chassis barely bigger than a DVD case was always going to result in some compromises—and the EN1060 isn't quite the desktop powerhouse its spec sheet promises. Pragmatic, not pretty But let's start with the more obvious problem: this thing isn't a looker. The Zbox, with its metal chassis flanked by robust plastic top and bottom covers, definitely feels like it could take a few knocks, but aesthetically it feels awfully dated. Indeed, Zotac has been using the EN1060's chassis design for a few years now, and outside of a few small tweaks and internal changes it remains largely the same. It's the little things that do it: the large, highly visible vents that have been carved into its naff, textured black plastic; the entirely pointless glossy circle on the top cover; and the oversized power button sunk into the piano-black front. It's a mishmash of design elements that fails to form a cohesive whole. For something that costs £875 (or $1,000) before you put an SSD or RAM in it or load an OS, I expect better. The flipside is that, while the EN1060 isn't something you'd actively show off to people like you would a Mac Mini or even Intel's Skull Canyon NUC, its mundane appearance doesn't attract attention either. You could leave it out in the open in a living room and most people would assume it's a router, rather than a fully-fledged PC. Measuring a mere 210mm by 203mm, with a height of just 62mm, the EN1060 fits into spaces where even a PS4 Slim or Xbox One S would have a tough time, and while there's an external power brick, it's roughly half the size of the one that came with the original Xbox One. The EN1060 is impressively small considering what's inside. The EN1060 is impressively small considering what's inside. There's extensive venting on the sides of the case. The rear IO crams a lot in. Zotac includes drivers on a CD and a handy USB stick. The power brick is suitably small too. The design is practical too. Up front, to the right of the power button, is an SD card reader, a standard USB 3.1 port, a microphone jack, a headphone jack, and a USB 3.1 Type-C port, which covers pretty much every peripheral eventuality. Round the back is another large vent that gives you glimpse of the large copper heat-sink inside, along with two USB 2.0 ports, two USB 3.0 ports, two DisplayPort 1.3 ports, two HDMI 2.0 ports, an external aerial socket for the internal 802.11ac/b/g/n WiFi, and—in an odd but welcome inclusion—dual gigabit Ethernet ports. The lack of USB 3.1 on the rear is disappointing, particularly if you're interested in hooking up fast external storage, but the dual Ethernet ports mean the EN1060 can pull double duty as a DIY router or a server. Barebones or go home The EN1060 is available in a few different configurations, coming with or without RAM, storage, and an OS. If you're comfortable with a small amount of PC DIY (we're talking very small here), then the barebones version is the way to go. To get inside the EN1060 you undo two thumb screws from the back of unit, then slide the bottom panel off—that's it. Inside is space for a standard 2.5-inch hard drive or SSD, an M.2 slot for super fast storage like Samsung's latest 960 Pro NMVe SSDs, and two laptop-style SODIMM slots—good for 32GB of RAM, until someone releases some larger SODIMMs. You can also get at the Intel wireless card if you prefer to swap it out for another model (read: anyone attempting to make a Hackintosh out of this thing). The rest of the EN1060 is standard across all configurations, starting with an Intel Core i5-6400T processor. While this is a quad-core chip, it comes from Intel's power-optimised range, with a TDP of just 35W, and is clocked considerably lower than a typical i5—at 2.2GHz with a 2.8GHz boost clock. It's an understandable inclusion given the small chassis, but bear in mind you won't be getting quite the same performance as you would from a chip with a higher TDP and clocks. It's a similar story for the GTX 1060, which sports the exact same specs as its desktop counterpart, but is clocked at a lower 1404MHz, with a 1607MHz boost clock. The EN1060 is easy to open by simply sliding this bottom panel up. The EN1060 is easy to open by simply sliding this bottom panel up. inside is room for a 2.5-inch SSD, M.2 SSD, and up to 32GB of SODIMM DDR4. With an SSD and RAM installed. Its desktop counterpart has a 1505MHz core clock and a rated boost clock of 1708MHz. While that 100MHz difference might not seem like much on paper, it doesn't take into account the far more aggressive boost clocks you get with a well-cooled desktop GPU. Indeed, in our review of the GTX 1060 Founders Edition—which sports a simple blower-style design rather than the more extravagant cooling systems of partner cards—it comfortably boosted up to just over of 1900MHz without overclocking. That's a hefty 300MHz more than the boost clock for the mobile part, and, as the benchmarks show below, it makes quite a big difference to performance. The mobile GTX 1060 simply can't boost as high due to its far more constrained thermals. Expand full story Page: 1 2 Next → Reader comments 66 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Mark Walton / Mark is Consumer Editor at Ars Technica UK by day, and keen musician by night. He hails from the UK, the home of ARM, heavy metal, and superior chocolate.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek This Week Edition Sign In Account Subscribe To Newsweek Subscribe To Newsweek $14.99 Print & Digital 3 Month Trial—Save 85% off cover Try $4.99 Digital Only 3 Month Trial—Save 45% off cover Try See All Subscription Options Subscribe To The Newsletter Please enter a valid email This Week Edition This Week's Edition November 18 How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory The Role Gender Played in the Presidential Election How Donald Trump Courted White Americans to Victory How Donald Trump Surfed Public Anger to the Presidency View All Features Change Your Edition US Europe Middle East Espa&ntildeol 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Česká Republika Sign In Account Your Subscription You have days remaining on your subscription Renew Account Settings Sign Out Tech & Science New MacBook Pros Will Soon Be One Step Behind By Ashraf Eassa On 11/6/16 at 8:00 AM Close Tech & Science Macbook Apple This article originally appeared on the Motley Fool. Apple introduced three new MacBook Pro computers on Oct. 27: a premium 15-inch model with an OLED Touch Bar, a premium 13-inch model with an OLED Touch Bar, and a 13-inch model without the OLED Touch Bar. The systems offer several nice improvements over the prior-generation 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros, ranging from improved displays and faster processors to sleeker industrial design. Try Newsweek for only $1.25 per week Apple has built a great set of machines here, and I suspect that the new models will do very well in the marketplace. Nevertheless, there is one fly in the proverbial ointment with these new machines that needs to be discussed. Both the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models use high-end Intel sixth-generation Core processors. The 13-inch MacBook Pro systems utilize dual-core Core i5 and Core i7 processors with Intel's premium Iris graphics, while the 15-inch models use quad-core Core i7 processors with lower-end vanilla Intel HD Graphics (though for graphics-intensive tasks, Apple has included more powerful stand-alone graphics chips in these systems). As of this writing, Apple's new MacBook Pros have some of the fastest notebook processors available on the planet. Unfortunately, though, these chips have been available for about a year now, and Intel will have more powerful notebook processors available in early 2017. Why did Apple choose older processors? The reality of the situation is that Apple launches its Mac systems—particularly the MacBooks—on its own schedule, rather than based on Intel's schedule. Apple likely wasn't ready to launch these new MacBook Pro systems when Intel's sixth-generation Core processors came out, so it simply had to wait until the system hardware and software were ready. The latest Apple Macbook Pro is expected to feature a 'Magic Toolbar' panel above the keyboard. Apple Now, Apple could conceivably have waited until Intel released its new seventh-generation Core processors in January (pushing out the MacBook Pro launch by a couple of months), but the company probably didn't want to hold off on releasing these long-overdue updates to its MacBook Pro line any longer than it had to. Furthermore, the differences between the sixth-generation and seventh-generation Core processors don't amount to that much; the seventh-generation Core chips can run at higher speeds for a given power envelope, and they have slightly enhanced media playback capabilities. Nevertheless, since Apple's MacBook Pro systems are marketed as premium products, it's probably going to come as a disappointment to some that soon they will be using one-generation-old processor technologies. Can Apple's Mac get back up to speed? Apple could conceivably update the processors inside of the new MacBook Pro models to incorporate Intel's newer seventh-generation Core processors early next year. The new processors should be pin-compatible with the current sixth-generation Core processors (meaning that the chips can be placed into the same systems without hardware modification), so upgrading the systems from sixth-generation Core to seventh-generation Core wouldn't be too difficult. Related Stories Is a 'Magic Toolbar' Coming to the Next MacBook? Four Ultra-Thin Laptops to Consider Buying Even if Apple doesn't do this, there's a pretty simple way for Apple to get back on track—skip the seventh-generation Core processors altogether. Intel's eighth-generation Core processors—which should bring significant performance/feature gains over the seventh-generation Core chips—should be available for notebooks during the second quarter of 2018, per a recent leak that's been circulating on the Web. Apple could just keep selling the recently released MacBook Pro systems until around May of 2018, at which point the company could release updated versions with Intel's new eighth-generation Core processors. Problem solved. 10 stocks we like better than Apple When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market. David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the  ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right—they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read © 2016 Newsweek LLC Please enter a valid email About Us Corrections Contact Us IBT Media Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe November 11 Issue Budweiser's Battle for Beer Market Dominance The Hacker’s Pearl Harbor The Cow Defense October 28 Issue Colorado Springs Teens Keep Killing Themselves Experts Suspect New Dead Sea Scroll Fragments Are Fake Donald the Destroyer October 21 Issue Swipe for Safer Sex Roosh V: From Pickup Artist to Right-Wing Provocateur The New ISIS Crisis October 14 Issue How the Chicago Marathon Will Keep Track of Millions The Black Panthers, 50 Years Later Trump Foundation Ordered to Halt Fundraising Browse Archives
SHOP MOBILE SITE SEND US TIPS JOIN LOG IN Search all All News Features Blogs Forums CATEGORIES Reviews News Blogs Images Shop COMPONENTS All Components Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Processors Recent additions: Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 Intel Kaby Lake 7th Gen Core Series: Higher Perf-Per-Watt, Enhanced Media Engine AMD Further Unveils Zen Processor Details And An Impressive Benchmark Showdown Versus Intel Broadwell-E Graphics/Sound Recent additions: ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme Review NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 And GTX 1050 Ti Review: Low Power, Low Price Pascal Custom GeForce GTX 1080 Round Up With ASUS, EVGA, And Gigabyte Motherboards Recent additions: Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit Ethernet For Gamers With Advanced QoS Tested MSI Z170A Gaming M9 ACK Motherboard Review: Sharp Dressed, Feature Packed Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights Storage Recent additions: Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review: Ultra Fast, Affordable Storage WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Samsung SSD 960 Pro NVMe M.2 Review: Blazing Fast, Solid State Storage Misc Recent additions: Das Keyboard Prime 13 Review: A Minimalistic Mechanical Plank Intel Unveils Project Alloy Merged Reality Headset And Partnership With Microsoft For Windows Holographic Shell Hykso Boxing Sensors Review: Wearable Technology And Fitness Collide SYSTEMS All Systems Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Desktops Recent additions: Hands On And First Impressions Of The Microsoft Surface Studio AIO PC HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package DIY Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation AMD Powered Star Wars Battlefront Radeon 380X-Powered Gaming PC Build Small Form Factor Recent additions: Gigabyte Brix S GB-BSi5HT-6200 Ultra Compact SFF PC Review Alienware Alpha R2 Review: Big Screen Gaming In A Little Package Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights IT/ENTERPRISE All IT/Enterprise Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Workstation Recent additions: Gigabyte, Intel And Corsair Enthusiast PC Components Summit Highlights NVIDIA Quadro M2000 Review: Affordable Maxwell Pro Graphics Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Review: Xeon And Quadro On The Go Data Center/SMB Recent additions: Netgear Orbi AC3000 Mesh WiFi System Review A Rare Look Inside Facebook’s Efficient And Frigid Data Center At The Arctic Circle Intel's Investment In FPGAs Could Pay Dividends In Microsoft Data Centers And Mark The Advent Of AI Accelerators Cloud Recent additions: Microsoft Legal Marijuana Tracking Software Has A Serious Case Of The Munchies ProtectWise Builds Security As A Service Platform With DVR Playback And Jacks You Into The Matrix NVIDIA Launches GeForce NOW Game Streaming Service Software Recent additions: Microsoft Patents Big Brother AI To Monitor Everything You Do In Windows And Feed It To Bing For Search Results Here's Why Intel Kaby Lake And AMD Zen Will Only Be Optimized On Windows 10 A Quick Guide To Customizing Your Windows Desktop Experience MOBILE All Mobile Recent additions: Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review: Portable Storage For Mobile Devices Adventures With Dell's Rugged PC Line-Up Notebooks Recent additions: Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10 Pop And Performance Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Asus ZenBook 3 Review: An Intel Kaby Lake-Powered Ultrabook Smartphones Recent additions: Moto Z Play Review: 8-Cores And Insane Battery Life Moto G4 Play Review: Budget Android, Full-Featured And Unlocked LG V20 Review: Android Nougat-Infused And Feature-Rich Tablets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet Review: A 2-In-1 For Pros Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Review: A Premium, Ultra-Thin Windows Convertible Gadgets Recent additions: HotHardware 2016 Back-to-School Tech Shopping Guide New Matter MOD-t 3D Printer Review: Low Cost, User-Friendly Creation Samsung Gear Fit2 Review: More Than Just A Fitness Wearable LEISURE All Leisure Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Gears of War 4 Review And Benchmark Performance Quick Take Entertainment Recent additions: Experiencing NVIDIA's SHIELD With Plex Media Server Streaming Prowess YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Valve Inks Game-Changing Deal With Lionsgate Entertainment Adding Over 100 Movie Titles To Steam Platform Gaming Recent additions: Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks Quick Take: Fantastic Mech Fun Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience 3.0, A Beginner's Guide Asus ROG G752 Review: A Pascal Packing Mobile Powerhouse Social Recent additions: YouTube Gains In-App Messenger For Mobile Chatting And Video Sharing Microsoft Reportedly Abandoned $8 Billion Slack Bid To Double Down On Skype Genius Tweets? Apple Hangs Out @AppleSupport Sign On Twitter VIDEOS All videos 2.5 Geeks Reviews/How Tos FORUMS BLOGS Shop Subscribe TRENDING: Alienware 13 Surface Studio MacBook Pro Commodore IoT DDoS Attacks WikiLeaks Kaby Lake And Zen Windows 10 home News by Brittany Goetting — Saturday, November 05, 2016 Intel Lights Up The Night Sky With Shooting Star Drones Setting New Guinness World Record Drones are not just useful as cameras or for deliveries -- they also can put on a pretty good light show. Intel recently set a new Guinness World Record for having “The Most UAVs Airborne Simultaneously” with 500 Intel Shooting Star drones. The company outdid its previous record of 100 Shooting Star drones. The Shooting Star drone is Intel’s first entertainment light show drone. Each lightweight quadcopter features encased propellers, can stay aloft for up to twenty minutes, and can travel about 1.5 kilometers. The drones include built-in LED lights that can create over four billion color combinations. The fleet is easily programmed on one computer and light shows can be developed in a few days. Intel has received permission from the FAA to fly the fleet with one pilot at night.  Intel recently acquired German company MAVinci GmbH, “a private fixed-wing company with best-in-class flight planning software.” Intel hopes that its acquisition will not only help improve their light shows, but help provide drone solutions for agriculture, insurance, construction, and mining. Anil Nanduri, vice president in the New Technology Group and general manager of unmanned aviation systems for the Perceptual Computing Group at Intel Corporation, remarked, “We believe drones are an important computing platform for the future and we are continuing to invest in technologies and companies that will enable us to provide the best compute, sensor, communications and software integration for the growing drone ecosystem.” Intel has been very busy this past month. The company recently announced its Falcon 8+ System, the first Intel-branded commercial multi-rotor drone for the North American market. The drone comes with complete flight system redundancies built in. And just yesterday, Intel announced its intention to acquire VR startup firm Voke. Intel's goal with that purchase is to better broadcast captivating sports experiences to audiences through VR.  Tags:  Intel, nasdaq-intc, shooting star drone, guinness-world-records Via:  Intel Show comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Follow Us: Twitter Facebook RSS Email YouTube AppStore Google+ 85K 9K 4K 27K CONVERSATIONS Chrome Crushing It In The Browser Wars...45 Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10...11 Google DeepMind AI's Ability To Discern...9 NVIDIA's Killer GeForce GTX 1080 Ti To...9 Google Rails Against Proprietary USB-C...8 Nintendo NES Classic Edition Sells Out...8 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Allegedly...7 FEATURED Samsung SSD 960 EVO NVMe M.2 Review:... Alienware 13 R3 Review: OLED, GeForce 10... Rivet Networks Killer E2500 Gigabit... ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1070 AMP! Extreme... Titanfall 2 Review And PC Benchmarks... WD My Passport Wireless Pro Review:... Exploring NVIDIA's GeForce Experience... FAVORITES 6 TB Hard Drive Round-Up: WD Red, WD...745k Intel Core i7-6700K And Z170 Chipset...579k Intel SSD 750 Series PCIe SSD Review:...558k Dell XPS 13 (2015) Ultrabook Review,...542k Alienware X51 R3 Review: Console-Sized...483k Know Your Type: Five Mechanical Gaming...435k GeForce GTX 980 Ti Round-Up With MSI,...382k THREADS HH Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t Notebook...7 I'm hanging in there until I win my new...4 HotHardware's Fall HP Pavilion x360 13t...4 Your most tech advanced or fancy...4 Silly little thing3 Do you use a desktop or laptop?2 Your Next Graphics Card GF GTX 1080 Radeon RX 480 GF GTX 1070 GF GTX 1060 Other AMD Other NVIDIA More Results MORE HOT HEADLINES Microsoft’s Cheyenne Datacenter... US Navy Acknowledges Installing... Twitter Adds New Ways To Mute Trolls... OnePlus 3T Smartphone Launches With... Hybrids And EVs Must Produce Noise... Google To Kick Sites That Purvey... Android Phones Loaded With Secret... Follow @HotHardware SITE Home Reviews News Blogs Images Mobile Site Sitemap CATEGORIES Components Systems IT/Enterprise Mobile Leisure Videos COMPANY About Advertise News Tips Contact MORE Forums Shop STAY CONNECTED Twitter Facebook Google + YouTube Feedburner This site is intended for informational and entertainment purposes only. The contents are the views and opinion of the author and/or his associates. All products and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Reproduction in whole or in part, in any form or medium, without express written permission of HotHardware.com, LLC. is prohibited. All content and graphical elements are Copyright © 1999 - 2016 David Altavilla and HotHardware.com, LLC. All rights reserved. Privacy and Terms Subscribe to HH News Alerts! Preview Email Address
null
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Weekly M&A Roundup M&A roundup - week ending 11/5/16 Spotify acquired Preact; Intel bought VOKE and NAVinci; Broadcom purchased Brocade Innovation series by Steven Loeb November 5, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/480c Spotify acquired customer success company Preact. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Preact will be shutting down. Registration is already disabled and the service will be discontinued.  The entire product/engineering team of nine is coming over to Spotify and will be based in San Francisco and New York.  Founded in 2012, Preact had raised $12.35 million in venture funding from Atlas Venture, Bee Partners, Boldstart Ventures, Harmony Partners, Karlin Ventures, Launchpad LA, Root Ventures and Trinity Ventures. Intel acquired live-streaming virtual reality company VOKE. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  VOKE’s proprietary paired lens, stereoscopic capture system provides a natural view of the action, allowing fans to see realistic proportions and depth wherever they look. Founded in 2004, VOKE had raised $12.5 million in venture funding from A+E Networks, Intel Capital and Nautilus Venture Partners. Intel also acquired commercial drone software startup MAVinci. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.   MAVinci will be part of Intel’s New Technology Group reporting into the UAV Segment Group, led by Nanduri, vice president and general manager of UAV Segment within Intel’s Perceptual Computing Group. The company will collaborate with Ascending Technologies to expand Intel’s business with commercial customers in the agriculture, insurance, construction, and mining industries. Starbreeze, a creator, publisher and distributor of entertainment products, acquired Nozon, a VFX studio and creator of PresenZ technology. The price of the deal was 7.1 MEUR, whereof 4.6 MEUR (approximately 44.6 MSEK) in cash and 2.5 MEUR in newly issued Starbreeze B-shares. In addition, the parties have agreed on a capped ten-year earn-out for Nozon founders based on PresenZ future financial performance, taking effect after Starbreeze has recouped 2 MEUR of its investment. During the earn-outperiod, Starbreeze will pay a percentage on certain of its revenues benefitting from the PresenZ technology. By joining the Starbreeze family, Nozon will instantly be part of Starbreeze technology offering and a solid part of the VR ecosystem. IBM acquired the Expert Personal Shopper (XPS) division of Fluid, a provider of digital customer experiences. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The XPS solution is a dialogue-based product recommendation platform. It will become part of IBM iX (Interactive Experience), along with several key members of the XPS team. Two XPS accounts, The North Face and 1-800-Flowers, will become IBM clients.  Lazada, an e-commerce platform, acquired RedMart, an online supermarket that home-delivers groceries. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Led by its current management, RedMart will continue to operate independently post the transaction. Founded in 2011, RedMart had raised $55.1 million in venture funding from East Ventures, Eduardo Saverin, Far East Ventures, Golden Gate Ventures, LionRock Capital and SoftBank Capital, among others. The deal is scheduled to be completed before the end of this year. Goldman Sachs (Asia) LLC acted as exclusive financial advisor to Lazada Group and Credit Suisse (Singapore) Limited as exclusive financial advisor to RedMart. Broadcom, a developer of semiconductor connectivity solutions acquired Brocade Communications Systems, a provider of data center networking solutions. The price was $5.9 billion. Broadcom, with the support of Brocade, plans to divest Brocade’s IP Networking business, consisting of wireless and campus networking, data center switching and routing, and software networking solutions. The board of directors of Brocade and the Executive Committee of the board of directors of Broadcom have unanimously approved the transaction, which is presently expected to close in the second half of Broadcom’s fiscal year 2017 Mail.Ru, a Russian Internet company, acquired Russian food delivery service Delivery Club from Foodpanda. The total deal value is $100 million, with $90 million paid in November for 90 percent of Delivery Club and the remaining part in early 2017 for the remaining 10 percent. Mail.Ru Group will fully consolidate Delivery Club and will disclose all results on a pro-forma basis going forward to allow like-for-like comparison. Delivery Club currently has over 4,500 connected restaurants and the number of orders reached 20,000 per day. In H1 2016 net revenues were RUB 296 million and the business was broadly EBITDA neutral. THQ Nordic,  an Austrian developer and publisher of video games, acquired all games and/or projects owned by NovaLogic, a developer and global publisher of games for PC and consoles. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Acquired franchises and brands include Delta Force Series, Comanche Series, Joint Operations Series, Armored Fist Series, Tachyon: The Fringe, F-22 – Series, F-16 Series and NovaLogic Trademark. NovaLogic was founded in 1995  Canyon Bridge Capital Partners, a global private equity buyout fund, acquired Lattice Semiconductor, a provider of connectivity solutions by low power FPGA, video ASSP, 60 GHz millimeter wave, and IP products. The deal is worth approximately $1.3 billion inclusive of Lattice’s net debt, or $8.30 per share in cash. Upon the completion of the transaction, Lattice will be a standalone subsidiary of Canyon Bridge and Lattice’s senior management team will continue to lead the business from its current headquarters in Portland, OR. The transaction has been unanimously approved by both companies’ boards of directors and is expected to close in early 2017 subject to customary closing conditions, regulatory approvals and approval by Lattice’s shareholders. Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is serving as the sole financial adviser to Lattice and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP is serving as legal adviser. Lazard is serving as the financial adviser to Canyon Bridge and Jones Day is serving as legal adviser. Telecom company CenturyLink acquired communications company Level 3 in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $34 billion. Upon the closing of the transaction, CenturyLink shareholders will own approximately 51 percent and Level 3 shareholders will own approximately 49 percent of the combined company. Glen Post will continue to serve as Chief Executive Officer and President and Sunit Patel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Level 3, will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the combined company. The combined company will be headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana and will maintain a significant presence in Colorado and the Denver metropolitan area. Funds advised by BC Partners, in a consortium including Medina Capital Advisors and Longview Asset Management, entered into a definitive agreement to acquire data centers and colocation business from CenturyLink. In exchange, CenturyLink will receive $2.15 billion in cash and a minority stake to be valued at $150 million in the consortium's newly-formed global secure infrastructure company. Under terms of the agreement, the BC Partners/Medina-led consortium will assume ownership of CenturyLink's portfolio of 57 data centers at closing. The data center portfolio includes approximately 195 megawatts of power across 2.6 million square feet of raised floor capacity. CenturyLink plans to use the net proceeds from this sale to partly fund its acquisition of Level 3 Communications. BC Partners and Medina Capital entered into agreement to acquire Cryptzone, a cybersecurity company. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Founded in 2003, Cryptozone had raised $15 million in venture funding from Kayne Partners and Medina Capital. The company has more than 450 companies as clients. The transaction is expected to close in first quarter 2017, pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Branding for the new company will be announced at a later date. BC Partners and Medina Capital entered into agreement to acquire cybersecurity company Catbird. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Founded in 2000, Catbird had raised $12 million in venture funding from Medina Capital.  The transaction is expected to close in first quarter 2017, pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Branding for the new company will be announced at a later date.    BC Partners and Medina Capital entered into agreement to acquire Total Fraud Protection company Easy Solutions. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Founded in 2007, Easy Solutions had rasd $14.2 million in venture funding from Medina Capital and Promotora de Proyectos. The online activities of over 94 million customers at 350 financial services companies, security firms, retailers, airlines and other entities all over the world are protected by Easy Solutions fraud prevention systems. The transaction is expected to close in first quarter 2017, pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions.  BC Partners and Medina Capital entered into agreement to acquire Brainspace, a provider of machine-learning software that powers threat detection and defense intelligence capabilities. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed. Founded in 2005, Brainspace had raised $9 million in venture funding from Medina Capital.  The transaction is expected to close in first quarter 2017, pending regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. Amazon signed an agreement to acquire the publishing business of Westland, an Indian publishing house. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Amazon had purchased a 26 percent stake in Westland for an estimated Rs 9.5 crores earlier this year.  The publishing lists of Westland, its imprints Tranquebar and EastWest, and imprint extension Mikros include bestselling authors Amish Tripathi, Ashwin Sanghi, Rashmi Bansal, Rujuta Diwekar, Preeti Shenoy, Devdutt Pattanaik, Christopher C Doyle, Anand Neelakantan, Anuja Chauhan, Ravi Subramanian, BKS Iyengar and Savi Sharma, among others. Glu Mobile, a developer and publisher of free-to-play games for smartphone and tablet devices, acquired a controlling interest in Crowdstar, a mobile and social gaming company for young women. The all-cash transaction valued Crowdstar at approximately $45.5 million. The combination of Crowdstar and Glu positions Glu to become the leader in the growing fashion game category as Glu continues to diversify its content portfolio. Crowdstar’s portfolio currently features Covet: Fashion, which over 30 million downloads worldwide.  Founded in 2008, Crowdstar had raised $49 million in venture funding from Intel Capital, NVInvestments, The9, Time Warner Investmentsand YouWeb. Inbound Retargeting Technologies, the company behind Retarget Links, acquired Primeloop, a link retargeting company. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Thomas Knoll,  Primeloop's CEO and co-founder, will join Inbound's board of advisors as part of the transaction. Primeloop was built in Las Vegas with backing from Tony Hsieh's Vegas Tech Fund and was in Batch 8 of 500 Startups. The company raised $525,000 in venture funding. Bentley Systems, a provider of software solutions for advancing infrastructure, acquired the assets, colleagues, and services underlying ComplyPro, a provider of managed services for requirements management of infrastructure capital projects. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The new ComplyPro team at Bentley Systems will be led by its founder, Chris Rolison. Development of software and services will continue in Birmingham, UK, and sales activities will be merged into Bentley Systems’ offices worldwide. Founded in 2005, ComplyPro had raised $1.17 million in venture funding from Catapult Ventures, Chord Capital and Midven. Digi, a provider of machine-to-machine and Internet of Things connectivity products and services, acquired FreshTemp, a provider of  temperature monitoring and task management solutions for the food industry. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquired technology will continue to be supported, as well as leveraged within the Digi Honeycomb solution, to create an advanced portfolio of products for the cold chain market. As part of the acquisition, FreshTemp founder and CEO Jeff Rieger and FreshTemp employees will become part of the Digi Cold Chain Solutions team.  Founded in 2010, FreshTemp had raised an undisclosed amount of funding from Bradley C. Harrison, Innovation Works, KohFounders and Scout Ventures. Avaus Marketing Innovations, a provider of data-driven marketing, acquired Actionbase, an analytics and data consultancy company. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition will help Avaus expand its business operations in Sweden. The number of employees in Sweden will increase to 40. When acquisition is complete, the Avaus Group will have a total of 150 employees. Actionbase specialises in data management, analytics and customer relationship strategies. The company has offices in Stockholm and Gothenburg. It has clients in all Nordic countries. ARI Network Services, a provicer of SaaS, software tools, and marketing services acquired Auction123, a provider of online marketing solutions, inventory management and website development solutions. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Auction123 serves several vertical markets including automotive, powersports, recreational vehicles and marine. Founded in 2001, the company will maintain its headquarters in Weston, Florida. Fleetmatics, a provider of mobile workforce solutions for service-based businesses, acquired TrackEasy Oy, a fleet management software provider. No financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.  TrackEasy will add approximately 15,000 vehicles under subscription to Fleetmatics' existing installed base.  All TrackEasy employees have joined the Fleetmatics team and will be driving sales and support of its current TrackEasy solution in Germany and Poltrack solution in Poland. In addition, TrackEasy will begin to offer Fleetmatics' REVEAL in early 2017. GTCR, a private equity firm, acquired Inteliquent, an interconnection partner for communications service providers.  The value of the transaction is approximately $800 million. The combined company intends to continue to maintain a significant presence in Chicago. Founded in 2004, the Inteliquent network carries approximately 21 billion minutes of traffic per month. 3D Hubs, a provider of 3D printing services, acquired Printivate, a 3D model optimizing and fixing service. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  3D Hubs will be integrating Printivate into its platform of operations. Adrian Muresan, Printivate’s founder and CEO, will become the R&D lead at 3D Hubs’ Amsterdam office, becoming part of the team as the two companies integrate operations.  Through Printivate’s file optimization, 3D Hubs will gain the ability to streamline orders, ultimately allowing for more orders taken on at a lower cost as turnaround time is lessened for each print job. Gfycat, an app for creating and sharing GIFs, acquired GIF Brewery, an app for creating GIFs from videos. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  GIF Brewery founder Patrick Rogers is joining the Gyfcat team, where he will working making the software work with Gfycat.  Following this acquisition, GIF Brewery will become a free application. BroadSoft, a unified communication software as a service, acquired VoIP Logic, a wholesale provider of BroadWorks-based cloud communications services. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  VoIP Logic's cloud model will be added to the BroadSoft BroadCloud portfolio, addressing the needs of service providers who want greater control of their platform. For 2016, BroadSoft expects the acquisition to contribute approximately $800,000 in revenue and be $0.01 dilutive to its non-GAAP earnings. Founded in 2003, VoIP Logic had raised $1.25 million in venture funding from 21Ventures. Acutronic Link Robotics, a provider of precision motion simulation solutions, acquired Erle Robotics, a provider of open source, robot software and hardware. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The firm will operate from locations in Spain, Switzerland, and the United States. Carlos Uraga will serve as Chief Operations Officer of Acutronic Robotics and Victor Mayoral will be Chief Technology Officer.  Founded in 2014, Erle Robotics had raised $213,920 in funding from DARPA and TechFounders. Private equity investment firm Cloud Equity Group closed on the aquisition of international web hosting provider ComfortHost. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  The acquisition includes a presence in four new geographic locations including Buffalo, Las Vegas, Orlando, and Barcelona. This brings the portfolio’s hosting infrastructure to a total of ten different locations internationally. Founded in 2006, ComfortHost hosts more than fifteen thousand domains on its network. Accenture, a professional services company, acquired 2nd Road, a strategic consultancy. No financial terms of the deal were disclosed.  Founded in 2002, 2nd Road provides consulting services in the areas of strategy, innovation and organizational systems to clients across multiple industries and sectors. The firm employs 22 strategists, designers and educators who apply strategic innovation and design thinking capabilities to deliver breakthrough strategy solutions. (Image source: bmwgroup-classic-heart.com) Permalink <span>Send</span> Related news Spotify acquires customer success company Preact Preact uses big data and machine learning so companies can better hold onto their customers Financial trends and news by Steven Loeb Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Vator Investment Club The Vator Investment Club seeks startups that are changing the world through innovative technologies and clever business models.   We ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Election 2016: 4 new states legalize recreational cannabis by Steven Loeb When will your local pharmacy carry cannabis? by Ronny Kerr The top 15 deals in the FinTech space in 2016 by Steven Loeb Other episodes of this series M&A roundup - week ending 11/12/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Adobe bought TubeMogul; Google acquired Leapdroid; Facebook acquired CrowdTangle M&A roundup - week ending 10/29/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb AT&T bought Time Warner; Groupon acquired LivingSocial; Google purchased Eyefluence M&A roundup - week ending 10/22/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Cisco acquired Worklife; Razer bought THX; Proofpoint purchased FireLayers M&A roundup - week ending 10/15/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Googe bought FameBit; Morningstar acquired PitchBook; Innofactor purchased Lumagate M&A roundup - week ending 10/8/16 Weekly M&A Roundup by Steven Loeb Shopify bought Boltmade; eBay acquired Corrigon; Salesforce purchased Krux; Samsung bought Viv See all Weekly M&A Roundup episodes » © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Laptop Computers ▸ ChromeBook Review ▸ Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? ChromeBook Review Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? Chris Stobing Updated November 11, 2016 Shares Can't decide on a Chromebook or laptop? Read our guide to find out which is right for you. Chromebooks vs. Laptops. It’s a battle that’s been raging for nearly five years now, with plenty of good points being made by those on both sides of the argument. But which portable computer is right for you, and which might hold you back? Read on to find out. Chromebook vs Laptop   Chromebook Laptop Operating System Chrome OS Linux, Windows, OS X 3rd Party Apps Allowed Highly Averse to Malware and Viruses WiFi Expandable Memory Expandable Storage Price Range Low to Medium Medium to High Operating Systems The Chrome OS is limited to Android like apps, which means 3rd party ones aren’t allowed. The three main competing laptop operating systems include OS X on Macbooks, Windows 10 on third-party laptops (Toshiba, Asus, Microsoft, etc), and Linux. Chrome OS, or in this case Chromebooks, which entered the fray not too long ago and is similar to that of Android, certainly isn’t for everyone.  However, it still serves its (limited) purpose pretty well across the board. I’ve personally used a Chromebook for two years as my road laptop, and not once has the OS ever crashed on me. There might be an occasional stutter during a 1080p video on YouTube, but otherwise the lean, mean design of the Chrome OS prevents it from experiencing any significant hangups. Windows is the exact opposite of this, of course. By this point the word “Windows” has basically become synonymous with “pulling your hair out”, and although OS X enjoyed a few years of flawless bliss when Macbooks were gaining in popularity, its reliability has since dropped quite a bit. That said, one of the main reasons both OS X and Windows have problems at all is because they support third-party software and applications, while Chrome OS does not. Last there’s Linux. Technically there are ways you can install a custom Linux build on a Chromebook, so if you’re not totally sold on Chrome OS but still want a new laptop for not a lot of money, check out this guide on which models can support the operating system swap. Read: Best Laptop For College Students Our Top 5 Chromebooks   Toshiba Chromebook 2 Dell Chromebook 13 Acer Chromebook 15 C910 ASUS Flip Samsung Chromebook 2 Rank #1 - Editor's Choice #2 - Best Battery Chromebook #3 - Biggest Screen Chromebook #4 - Best Duo Chromebook #5 - Most Portable Chromebook Amazon Rating Full Review Toshiba Chromebook 2 Review Dell Chromebook 13 Review Acer Chromebook 15 C910 Asus Flip Review Samsung Chromebook 2 Price (as configured) $399.99 $424.99 $345.93 $265.00 $396.19 Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Buy Now Apps and Software Of all the complaints you’ll hear on why Chromebooks don’t measure up, the lack of available software or apps is the one that’s most grounded in reality. The fact is Chrome OS is an extremely closed off ecosystem, one which only allows you to perform a few select functions and not much else. Google keeps their operating system secure by restricting what can be “installed” on a Chromebook, if you could even call it that. Almost all of the apps you “install” on your machine don’t actually run locally. Instead Chrome places an icon in your start menu, which is only a link to a website that supports the “program” in Flash or HTML5. The only true apps installed on the machine are the Chrome web browser, as well as offline versions of Docs, Sheets, and Google’s PowerPoint competitor, Slides. Macbooks and PCs on the other hand are made to be customized, and come with the option to install literally hundreds of thousands of different programs and types of software at once. If you need something that can run Photoshop, play your favorite games, or even run an .FLV video file, then a Windows laptop or Macbook will be the de facto choice. CPU and RAM Currently, all Chromebooks ship with Intel processors. Due to a deal inked between Google and Intel, almost all the Chromebooks released last year (and coming in 2016) are equipped with Intel processors. For the AMD faithful this may be an issue, but for most, the Intel mobile line and 5th-generation Core processors can handle Chrome OS just fine. It’s difficult to make a direct comparison of the amount of “power” you get from a Chromebook compared to a standard Windows laptop or Apple Macbook, largely because each one comes with an OS that uses its resources differently. Chrome OS is light, so it runs well on worse (less powerful) hardware.  So the comparison is a moot one. If you were to install Windows on a laptop that had identical specs it would run slower, simply for the fact that Windows has tons of extraneous processes and tasks it runs in the background while nothing else is going on. In short, Windows requires more horsepower to run, much like a big truck requires a larger engine over a smaller car. Storage One area where Chromebooks still need to catch up is with onboard storage. Because they’re made to be cheap and light, almost all Chromebooks come with an SSD opposed to a standard HDD, which ups the cost of manufacturing. As such, it’s rare to find any model of Chromebook with more than 32GB of available onboard storage. To compensate, most Chromebooks will come with 100GB of free cloud storage, provided by Google’s own Drive service. If the idea of keeping all your data on the cloud doesn’t sound like your cup of tea however, it might be better to simply go with a standard laptop instead. Laptops on the other hand come in pretty much any storage configuration you can think of. Want your operating system on an SSD and your games/movies on an HDD backup? There’s a laptop for that. Don’t mind long loading times and just want as much space as possible? There’s a 3TB hard drive just for you.  Screen The Toshiba Chromebook 2 offers an excellent screen for a Chromebook. In the pursuit of making these laptops as affordable as possible, sometimes sacrifices need to be made. Screen quality is an area where almost all Chromebooks lag woefully behind the 1366 x 768 curve, and it’s expected that unless it’s a model that specifically touts its HD-capability, you probably won’t be showing it off to your co-workers anytime soon. There are some exceptions to the rule, of course. The Toshiba Chromebook 2 was our number #1 pick of the lot for the best Chromebook 2016, a title it won in large part thanks to its absolutely 1920 x 1080 HD IPS screen. If you plan on watching a lot of Netflix or working with color-senstive creative materials online, this model is one of very few that would be able to handle it. On the laptop side of things – it’s a bit all over the place. Some laptops sport stunning 4K screens that can play Blu-Ray content at its absolute peak, while others are so grainy you can barely read a paragraph of text on them without having to adjust your glasses twice. Where touchscreens are concerned, while Windows does maintain the advantage on the sheer number of touchscreen laptops available, many of them are sub-par in quality.  Comparatively, the  ASUS Flip Chromebook made our top Chromebooks of 2016 list both for it’s solid design, and a touchscreen that responds to even the slightest graze of your finger. Keyboard and Trackpad While some Chromebooks are built as cheap as possible and come with keyboards or trackpads to match (looking at you, HP), others, like the Toshiba Chromebook 2, are an absolute dream to type on. Because Chromebooks are made as machines that can help you with work, school, or generally getting a lot of typing done, most of the keyboards on a Chromebook will do the job with flying colors. The trackpads on the other hand are a bit hit or miss. Cost-compared against Windows machines, you’re going to get a similar deal in quality. If you opt for a Macbook however, the trackpad will clearly be superior due to the increased price and money spent on the overall quality of the surrounding hardware. Webcam This one is a bit of an even draw. Chromebooks may come with some cheap components, but Google knows that of all the features that people want on a laptop, the webcam should be up to par. Comparing webcams from several of the top Chromebooks on the market right now against what you’d get in a Windows laptop or Macbook five times the cost, it’s clear that any Chromebook worth its salt will have a webcam that works in most lighting situations, even if you still can’t use it to call someone over Skype. Price Categorically, for the specs you get and the ease of use you should expect out of a device, price is where Chromebooks truly shine. Because Google doesn’t charge third-party companies for use of their OS, manufacturers can use the resources that would have otherwise been spent licensing the operating system on better specs. This means that on a direct 1:1 cost comparison, the hardware you get inside a Chromebook will always edge out what you might find in a competing Windows PC. As for Chromebooks vs. Macbooks; it’s not even a contest. Apple marks up their products by the handful compared to Google. And while a baseline 2015 Macbook Air will run you upwards of $999 at the checkout counter, a comparable Chromebook with the same specs would be nearly three times less, at $330. Read: Best Ultrabook 2016 The whole draw of Chromebooks is that they offer solid hardware at half the cost of what you’d spend on any other laptop. Although they may not have much software to speak of and their onboard storage capacities border on pitiful, you’re getting a fully-functional laptop at a discount so steep it would put lesser companies straight out of business. Which is Right for You, Chromebook or Laptop? In the war between Chromebooks vs. laptops – it looks like the winner comes down to personal preference. The only way you’ll really be able to decide if a Chromebook is right for you (or any members of your family), is to know what you’re going to use it for the most ahead of time. If you only need a machine that goes online, opens web pages, and lets you type to your heart’s content, a Chromebook is the perfect pick. If you think you might need more flexibility down the line however, it might be better to spend your cash on a Windows laptop or Macbook instead. Chrome OS is great for your kid’s first laptop or as a backup while you’re punching out the yearly expense report from an airport terminal.  But it lags behind when it comes to supporting most types of media playback, running third-party software, or gaming on the go. They’re cheap, they’re light, but they also don’t do a whole lot. If that sounds like the perfect marriage of just enough features at just a low enough price, then a Chromebook might be right for you. Read: Best Gaming Laptop 2016 Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts 5 Of The Best Chromebooks Google’s Chromebook Pixel Contains a Secret Easter Egg Related to the NES Konami Code New Asus Chromebook Promises 64GB of Storage Best Chromebook of 2016 How To Unlock Your Chromebook With Your Smartphone 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,004 Fans 13,315 Subscribers 10,829 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2016 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2016 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2016 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2016 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2016 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2016: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2016 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2016 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2016 Blenders Best Blenders 2016 LED TVs Best 32 LED TV Wine Accessories Best Wine Fridge HP Chromebook 14 only $180, Watch Dogs 20% Off After Release The Best Chromebooks 2015 Top Chromebook Reviews How To Unlock Your Chromebook With Your Smartphone Acer Chromebook 15 Review Chromebook vs. Laptop – Which is Right For You? Toshiba Chromebook 2 Review Acer's New Chromebook Is The Overhaul We Want Acer's New Chromebook Has A Touchscreen Toshiba's Rumored Chromebook Is Bigger And Better HP Chromebook 14 only $200 Best Chromebooks 2016 Google's Chromebook Pixel Contains a Secret Easter Egg Related to the NES Konami Code Chrome for iOS Update Adds New Features Best Buy leaked Data Sheet Suggests New 11.6 HP Chromebook HP's New Chromebook Is Pretty, But Dumb Google Offers a New Chromebook, Costs Only $249 HP Announces Pavilion 14 Chromebook with 14 inch Display Google Chromebook Pixel Touchscreen Laptop Unveiled Samsung Series 5 Chromebook Wi-Fi Review 10 Reasons to Switch to Chrome for iOS and Ditch Safari Samsung Series 5 550 Chromebook Review Google Releases Chrome 1.0, Out Of Beta Google's Chrome OS Hitting Notebooks This Fall Samsung Chromebook Launch Date And Price Announced Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top chromebooks, the best laptops and top ten computer comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest home theater speakers, home theater systems, av receivers and the latest tech news and best product reviews on the web. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Electronics Intel puts on a dazzling light show using 500 drones (all flown by a single operator) By Shawn Knight on Nov 4, 2016, 4:30 PM TechSpot Pyrotechnicians have been captivating audiences with dazzling fireworks displays for centuries. The art and science of firework making dates back to 7th century China but chipmaker Intel is hoping that technology can lend a hand in creating awe-inspiring aerial displays of the future. While others seem dead-set on using aerial drones for delivery-based tasks, Intel is experimenting with using them to put on stunning fireworks-like performances. After setting a record last year by putting 100 drones in the sky (all of which were controlled by a single operator), Intel recently broke its own record by using 500 drones simultaneous during a light show (again, all run by a single person). As you can see, the small Shooting Star drones can be used to create displays that simply aren’t possible with traditional fireworks. What they lack in terms of loud screaming and screeching, they more than make up for in sheer flexibility. Intel says they can travel at speeds of up to 22 miles per hour, even in light rain (conditions that might ruin a traditional fireworks presentation). Unfortunately as Re/code notes, the Shooting Star drones aren’t yet available for purchase (nor do we know in what capacity Intel plans to market them). Found is a TechSpot feature where we share clever, funny or otherwise interesting stuff from around the web. Related Reads Intel teams up with Samsung to deliver cheaper 4K monitors Intel, Fossil team up to develop wearable technology Intel to launch $1,600 3D printable robot kit later this year 6 comments 520 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Olympus OM-D E-M1 Mark II will be $2K, arrives in December The OnePlus 3T is a faster version of the same phone Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 Load Comments 6 ... User Comments: 6 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 20 Microsoft becomes the latest major player to exit the smartwatch industry 31 HP firmware snuck in September 12 failure date for non-HP cartridges 28 Denmark has a new tax on electric cars and Tesla isn't happy 18 Audi is adding a traffic light timer to select vehicles 28 Sweden becomes first nation to open electric highway that powers trucks using overhead lines Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
null
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Surface Studio vs. iMac: Which all-in-one does it… Surface Studio vs. iMac: Which all-in-one does it all best? By Nick Hastings — November 4, 2016 9:41 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends This week, Microsoft came out swinging by introducing the Surface Studio, Microsoft’s first all-in-one desktop. The flexible, powerful PC promises to be a game changer for creative minds across the world, and provides some staunch competition for Apple’s flagship computer, the iMac. Since comparisons are inevitable, we thought we’d stay a step ahead and place the two side-by-side. Which computer’s hardware is more powerful? Which boasts the superior design? Let’s find out. Related: Can Dell’s best all-in-one challenge Microsoft’s new Surface Studio? Surface Studio iMac (2016) Display & Dimensions 28-inch PixelSense touch 21.5-inch Retina 4K or 27-inch Retina 5k Processor 6th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 6th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 (27-Inch) or 5th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 (21.5-inch) Operating System Windows 10 Pro MacOS Sierra GPU Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M 2GB or 980M 4GB Intel HD Graphics 6000 up to AMD Radeon R9 M395 4GB RAM 8GB, 16GB, or 32GB 8GB, configurable up to 32GB Hard drive 1TB or 2TB rapid hybrid drive 1TB hard drive or 2TB fusion drive; configurable up to 3TB fusion drive or 1TB SSD Ports USB 3.0 (x4), Mini Displayport, Ethernet, SD card reader USB 3.0 (x4), Thunderbolt (x2), gigabit Ethernet, SDXC card slot Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, Xbox Wireless built-in 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Cameras 5.0MP front-facing 1080p with Windows Hello support FaceTime HD camera; supports full native resolution Speakers Stereo 2.1 with Dolby Audio Premium Stereo speakers Microphones Dual microphones Dual microphones Price $2,999+ $1,099+ Availability Available for pre-order now, ships December 15. Available now DT review Hands-on N/A Hardware The Surface Studio is packing Intel 6th-generation Core quad-core processors. Apple’s iMac packs similar in the 27-inch model, but the 21.5-inch model has a 5th-generation Intel Core i5 quad, with optional upgrade to Core i7. That means the smaller iMac is slower, but given the substantial size gap, that’s not too much of an issue. Both computers include high-end graphics cards (assuming you have the 27-inch iMac) that can be beefed up to 4GB of GDDR5 memory. The Studio’s Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M is newer and quicker than the AMD Radeon R9 cards in the iMac, however. And if you really want to boost your graphics, you can buy a GTX 980M for the Surface Studio. Display The Retina display on the 27-inch iMac is a thing of beauty. The 5K model features 5,120 x 2,880-pixel resolution with support for millions of colors, powered by an AMD Radeon R9 graphics card that can be beefed up to an M395X with 4GB of memory. Even considering the UHD beauty of the iMac, though, the Surface Studio is no slouch. Its 28-inch, PixelSense touch display features a 4,500 x 3,000-pixel resolution, meaning that the Studio’s screen houses about 13.5 million pixels. With 10-point multitouch, the screen can separately identify eight fingers and two thumbs — simultaneously. For reference, most modern smartphones feature 2-point multi touch systems. The Surface Studio boasts an unusual 3:2 aspect ratio, which was implemented to support the pixel density, clocking in at an incredible 192 ppi. The screen’s sharpness is largely in service to color; more specifically, Windows has a built-in feature allowing the user to switch between color spaces, including DCI-P3 and sRGB. It’s a neat feature that allows artists and designers to preview their work under different parameters. The Surface Studio also includes the Surface Pen and the new Surface Dial, tools designed to improve the computer’s touch-screen experience and design accessibility; we’ll go into that a bit later on. In the end, both displays look great. The iMac is sharper, but the Surface Studio’s color is excellent, and the ability to switch color gamuts through the touch of an on-screen button is great for creative professionals. Connectivity and features Both computers offer four USB-3 ports, Ethernet ports, and SD card readers. The iMac, unsurprisingly, is outfitted with dual Thunderbolt 2 ports, while the Surface Studio includes a mini-DisplayPort — though, we’re not sure why you’d want to use any other screen. Each computer is also outfitted with 802.11ac Wi-Fi connectivity and Bluetooth 4.0. The Surface also includes native Xbox Wireless, a reflection of Microsoft’s Play Anywhere initiative. The Surface’s native camera is superior to the iMac’s, though not by much. The Windows Hello sign-in camera can automatically recognize your face and automatically sign you into your computer. It’s not a new feature, but a welcome one all the same. The Studio’s camera supports 1080p, while the FaceTime HD camera is limited to 720p. Design Here’s where Microsoft justifies the astronomical price tag that they’ve affixed to the Surface Studio. The Studio is built for art, whether you’re a graphic designer or an architect. The massive 28-inch touchscreen is mounted on a Zero Gravity Hinge, which allows the display to be shifted up and down, or from your face to your desk. Placing the computer in “design mode” — with the screen tilted back — allows the user to take full advantage of the Surface Pen and the Surface Dial. The hockey-puck-shaped Dial looks innocent enough, but it really shines when plopped onto the screen itself. It clicks and spins — with haptic feedback, so you can feel any changes as they happen — and when you place it onto the display, touch-sensitive menus will automatically pop up around the dial. For instance, turning the dial while drawing might change the color of your digital pencils or the size of your digital brush. The Surface Pen offers the same functionality here as it does on popular tablets such as the Surface Pro 4, providing the user with a diverse set of touch-based tools. The Studio also comes with the new Surface Ergonomic Keyboard, an oddly-shaped thing that continues Microsoft’s pattern of keyboards split down the middle. Built for a more comfortable typing experience, it’s got a wrist pad made of synthetic suede, and two space bars. The iMac is also gorgeous, though. There’s nothing new here from a design perspective, but Apple’s products continue to get thinner and more capable with every build. The machine’s curved, silver body becomes 5-millimeters thick at the edges of the display, and the Retina panel measures just 1.4-millimeters thick across the screen. The iMac ships with Apple’s standard Magic Mouse and Keyboard. Availability and price The Surface Studio is available for pre-order now, and hits shelves on December 15. The Studio comes in three flavors — $2,999, $3,499, and $4,199. The $2,999 version includes a Core i5 processor, while the other two are outfitted with a Core i7. Choosing a more expensive option will also net you more RAM and more storage space. The Surface Studio is an investment, and it’s meant for creative minds that will use the Pen, Dial, and all the bells and whistles. The iMac is available now, and prices range from $1,099 (for the 21.5-inch model) to $2,299 (for the 27-inch Retina display model). Additional configurations and updated components will cost you extra. Conclusion If you’re serious about investing in a computer — especially if you’re an artist, a designer, or anything similar — you should go with the Surface Studio. On the other hand, if you’re not looking to sacrifice your kids’ Christmas presents in order to finance your new computer, check out the iMac. It’s still an awesome piece of technology, one that can be nearly as capable with the right configuration. All things considered, most people will find that the iMac is a better fit, simply because the Surface Studio’s price is justified largely by its bevy of creative tools and features. Those that don’t need the Surface Dial and Pen shouldn’t shell out a few thousand dollars extra, as the Studio is a specialist’s tool, not a simple everyday PC. Also watch: Apple OS X El Capitan – Hands On Please enable Javascript to watch this video
null
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Home Tech Entertainment Social Lifestyle Business Deals Podcast Tip Us Search 3D Accessories Breaking Business Cars Celebrities eBooks Events Exclusive Featured Gaming Hardware Entertainment Humor Internet Interview Lifestyle Opinions Retail Security Services Software Tablets TV Previous Amazon's huge Black Friday 2016 sales event is has officially begun Previous Next Hulu's live internet TV service will feature ABC, Fox, ESPN, Disney and more Next Now is an awful time to buy a new laptop By Chris Mills on Nov 1, 2016 at 3:03 PM Email @chrisfmills Computers Share This Story Tweet Like Share Submit Shop ▾ Image Source: Apple Black Friday is rapidly approaching, Microsoft and Apple have just shown off their laptop collections for the year, and there’s more nighttime in the winter to Netflix in bed. Ordinarily, this would be the perfect time to go get a new laptop. But not in 2016. See, although Intel announced its new line of Kaby Lake processors back in August, we won’t see a lot of the new processors in laptops until next year. The new processors promise all sorts of improvements over the current Skylake versions, but even if you don’t care about better 4K video playback, you probably do care about saving money. Which is why you should slowly back away from the Amazon cart, set down the 1-click order button, and wait. DON’T MISS: The worst thing about Apple’s new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures Kaby Lake is the seventh generation of Intel’s Core processors. On paper, it’s not that much of an upgrade over the Skylake chips that came before. It runs on the same-sized 14nm process, using a mostly-similar architecture to the Skylake chips, so there aren’t any giant improvements in battery life or processing power for general-use applications. But where the new chips should be much better is for specific things like 4K video playback or VR. Intel has started to tailor its silicon to the kinds of intensive tasks that currently tax the processor. It’s the same thing that processor manufacturers have been doing for the last few years for smartphones: rather than just increase overall processing power, Qualcomm, Samsung and Apple have customized their chips so that they’re much better at a specific task. Intel is claiming that you’ll get nearly double the battery life when streaming 4K video off YouTube, which is a huge improvement. Other battery-intensive tasks, like general web browsing, also get a double-digit efficiency boost. So, for the same-size laptop with the same battery, you’ll be getting hours more battery life if you wait for a Kaby Lake chip. Gaming is another good example. The beefy quad-core Kaby Lake processors, which won’t launch until early next year, will have the latest version of Intel’s Iris graphics. We don’t know a ton about it, but we’ve seen demos of thin-and-light laptops running graphically intensive games like Overwatch at a decent FPS. The big question is if the best Iris graphics will be able to handle basic AR or VR tasks. If they can pull that off, it will mean serious graphics performance in a thin laptop with low power draw. So when will be a good time to buy a laptop? The basic, low-power Kaby Lake chips are already out, but we’ll have to wait until sometime early next year for the high-power, quad-core laptop processors that you find in the MacBook Pro or Surface Book. You can expect all the big-name laptop manufacturers to debut laptops packing Kaby Lake, so a few demos at the Consumer Electronics Show in January is a good guess. Even if you don’t care about any of the graphics or efficiency improvements, it’s probably worth waiting until the new year to buy a new laptop. With Kaby Lake computers coming out, the perfectly capable Skylake PCs will be going on sale anyway. Couple those sales with the post-Christmas discounts, and you could be picking up serious PCs for a lot less money than right now. All you have to do is wait. Tags: Intel, Kaby Lake, Laptops, MacBook Pro Older StoryPrevious Newer StoryNext Trending Walmart will give you a chance to buy the NES Classic every day this week Apple making a better version of Google Glass isn’t a crazy idea The new MacBook Pro comes with a secret graphics feature NES Classic Edition review: A box of nostalgia Related Articles The new MacBook Pro comes with a secret graphics feature The Touch Bar MacBook Pro's SSD is permanently stuck in place, teardown shows Apple believes a touchscreen iMac would make for a horrible user experience BGR Store Certified Ethical Hacker Bootcamp The Black Friday Mac Bundle 2.0 Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription View Comments Hubs Apple Apple making a better version of Google Glass isn't a crazy idea The new MacBook Pro comes with a secret graphics feature Android Some Android phones have been covertly sending sensitive user data to China Leaks suggest next year's OnePlus 4 will be the Android phone to beat Mobile Nextbit's Robin never runs out of storage, and right now it's $170 unlocked Hackers needed just 30 seconds to get complete access to the Google Pixel Retail Forget Black Friday, Sam’s Club has a serious one-day sales event this Saturday This hit ethical hacking bundle has added 5 hours of content and dropped to $25 for today only FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn BGR ON TWITTER Jonathan S. Geller @boygenius 18h Copping that apple coffee table book asap Zach Epstein @zacharye 9 Nov I wrote a thing about the election. America can still be great again bgr.co/QuwGRqj https://t.co/KtwOcF0Fqv Advertise Contact About Reviews Apple Mobile Android Topics PMC Hollywood Life Deadline Variety TVLine India.com WWD FN Copyright 2016 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms of Use × Tip Us Name(required) Email(required) Subject(required) URL Would you like us to keep you anonymous? Yes No Message(required)
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Inc.'s New MacBook Pro Computers Aren't Overpriced This Fool makes the argument that Apple's latest MacBook Pro computers, while extremely expensive, aren't necessarily overpriced. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 4, 2016 at 5:45PM When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its latest 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro computers, there were some potential buyers who were completely put off by the prices. The base model of the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar runs $1,799, and the base 15-inch MacBook Pro runs a cool $2,399. Apple's new MacBook Pro computers. Image source: Apple.  These are clearly high-priced, premium systems. However, there's a difference between an overpriced product and an expensive one. The former is a product that doesn't deliver the value that its price tag suggests, while the latter is simply a product with a high price. And the latest MacBook Pro computers, although expensive, are not really overpriced.  Head-to-head: Spectre x360 vs. 13-inch MacBook Pro To give you a sense of the value offered by the 13-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar), I'll compare it with HP's (NYSE:HPQ) premium Windows-based Spectre x360 laptop. (A similar comparison should be possible for the 15-inch MacBook Pro and a suitable Windows-based alternative.) The latter has gotten very good reviews, with Laptop Magazine calling it "the convertible laptop to beat." In the table below, I've put the specifications of a "maxed-out" Spectre x360 side by side with a similarly configured 13-inch MacBook Pro, pulled from HP's and Apple's respective websites -- and for some of the MacBook Pro details, AnandTech:   Spectre x360  13-inch MacBook Pro w/Touch Bar  Processor Core i7-7500U Core i7-6567U Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel Iris Graphics 550 Display 1920 x 1080 IPS, touch-enabled 2560 x 1600 IPS, non-touch Memory 16GB LPDDR3-1600 16GB LPDDR3-2133 Storage 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD 512GB PCIe-based SSD Expansion ports 2x USB Type-C, 1 USB 3.1 Gen 1, 1 headphone/microphone combo 4x Thunderbolt 3 ports Wireless connectivity 802.11ac (2x2) and Bluetooth 4.0 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 Trackpad HP Imagepad Force Touch trackpad Battery capacity 57.8 Wh 49.2 Wh Weight 2.85 lbs 3.02 lbs Price (as configured) $1,299 $2,499 Source: HP, Apple, AnandTech. There's no beating around the bush -- the HP system is about half as expensive as the MacBook Pro system. However, if we walk through each of these specifications and closely compare the two systems, it becomes clear that, at the very least, the premium that Apple charges is directly related to component costs. Let's do just that. The tricky processor comparison First, let's look at the processor and graphics technologies in each system. Although the Apple system uses an older sixth-generation Core processor while the HP uses a newer seventh-generation Core processor, the chip inside of the MacBook is faster. The processor architectures of the i7-7500U and i7-6567U are identical, meaning that, at a given frequency, these two chips will perform the same. The main advantage of the seventh-generation Core processors is that they are built on a newer version of Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) 14-nanometer process, which should allow the seventh-generation Core processors to run at higher speeds than the sixth-generation Core processors, all else being equal. The 6567U has two processor cores that run at 3.3GHz base and can turbo to 3.6GHz. The 7500U has two processor cores that run at 2.7GHz, but can turbo to 3.5GHz. It's likely, then, that in CPU tasks, it's a wash between these two. In terms of graphics architecture, once again, the sixth-generation Core and seventh-generation Core processors are virtually the same. However, the chip inside of the MacBook Pro uses Intel's higher-performance Iris graphics -- more graphics cores, dedicated eDRAM memory built into the chip package -- so I would expect that in graphics tasks, the MacBook Pro chip will have a clear edge in graphics tasks over the chip inside of the Spectre x360. The trade-off that Apple is likely making by using a chip with Iris graphics is that it's certainly more expensive to manufacture than a similar chip without Iris graphics. The size of the main processor is larger, and the Iris parts include a fairly large on-package memory manufactured in Intel's 22-nanometer logic process.  Intel almost certainly charges more for chips that cost more to make, adding to Apple's bill-of-materials costs relative to HP's.  The display comparison Moving beyond the processor, the HP system has a 1920-by-1080 resolution IPS display, while the MacBook Pro has a higher resolution 2560-by-1600 resolution IPS display. The display on the MacBook should be sharper. The comparison doesn't end there, though. The display on the MacBook Pro supports the much wider DCI-P3 color gamut, while tests performed by NotebookCheck show that the display on the HP fails to fully cover even the narrower sRGB color gamut. Finally, per NotebookCheck, the average brightness of the display found on the Spectre x360 is 318.6 nits. The site found the average brightness on the new 13-inch MacBook Pro display to be 563.6 nits. Apple's machine has a sharper, brighter, and more colorful display. HP's, on the other hand, supports touch input while Apple's doesn't.  Comparing everything else As far as memory and storage go, both have 16GB of LPDDR3 memory and 512GB of storage. However, it's worth pointing out that the MacBook Pro, as configured, uses faster 2133MHz LPDDR3 memory while the Spectre uses slower 1600MHz LPDDR3. 9to5Mac also points out, citing Computer World, that the new MacBook Pro systems are around "two years ahead of most of its competition" in terms of solid-state drive speeds. The MacBook Pro is slightly heavier, but they're both in roughly the same weight class. The Apple system uses a Force Touch trackpad, while HP's system uses what it dubs an HP Imagepad. And finally, the MacBook includes an OLED touch bar with Touch ID support, while HP's system doesn't. Distinguishing price from value Apple's new MacBook is clearly an expensive system, but across the board, it appears to offer more features and better performance than the newest Spectre x360 -- a top Windows notebook. This isn't an attempt to disparage HP's Spectre x360 -- it has received extremely positive reviews from many reputable outlets, and is frankly a very attractive Windows-based machine. The point of this comparison is to show that Apple crams in a lot of things here and there that might not individually mean much to potential customers, but ultimately serve to enhance the user experience. Engineering often consists of making smart trade-offs that balance cool features against cost structure. Apple's new MacBook computers traded off price in order to build extremely feature-rich products. HP, on the other hand, did what it could within a system that it could sell for $1,300, which, frankly, is quite high for a consumer Windows-based notebook.  We'll get a better idea of how receptive customers are to Apple's choices vis-a-vis the new MacBook Pro computers when the company reports its financial results in January.  Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 4, 2016 at 5:45PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) HP NYSE:HPQ $15.87 down $0.23 (-1.43%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Man to sue judge who denied him firearms Tips sought in two Vancouver theft cases Police release surveillance photos in two recent shopliftings State reports fewer trapped gypsy moths Election roundup: Clinton passes Trump again in Clark County Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Weather Eye: Normal weather returns; Thursday, Friday dry for outdoor plans U.S. experts host volcano workshop Police departments eye lower recruitment criteria Woman charged in head-on crash Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Stuffed animals have long been seen as cuddly sources of comfort, but with added weight they bear a greater therapeutic… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11/16 Blazers get bulled over by Chicago Langsdorf named Pac-12 Co-Player of Year High school scoreboard 11-15 Prairie girls basketball off to fresh start Community notebook: Woodland’s Cichosz crowned World’s Toughest Mudder Community scoreboard 11-14 Seager, Fulmer take Rookie of the Year honors Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Twitter to release new tools for users Oregon jobless rate dips to 5.3% on rapid job growth McDonald’s tests a Big Mac with a Sriracha kick Snapchat Specs headed to Oregon, Washington? Legacy-GoHealth Urgent Care partners with Uber Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit Stocks rise with jump in oil, energy companies Retail sales exceeds forecast in advance EPA OKs parts of state clean-water plan Election, weather bog down October housing market in Clark County Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit SEATTLE — A tentative agreement has been reached between BNSF Railway and seven environmental groups that sued alleging coal spilled… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Goodbye, roasted turkey — Say hello to crusted pork The world’s best waffles Make these chocolate rosemary biscotti for a snack or a gift Mini pies take center stage A few simple hacks, and I have a new hero A one-pot take that does ‘pasta fazool’ one better Keep turkey breast moist by putting stuffing under the skin Molasses cookies kind of perfect Know volume of baking pans Southwestern chicken & rice skillet recipe gets a boost from fresh peppers, spices Goodbye, roasted turkey — Say hello to crusted pork If you want to tweak your predictable Thanksgiving dinner and turn it into something memorable that your guests will talk… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Does He Mean What he Says? Sowell: We dodged one bullet, but there could be a lot more Letter: Be honest about Civil War Letter: Protesters show hypocrisy Letter: Support palliative care bill Letter: Fight for what is right Letter: Terminal doesn’t belong in Kalama In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Intel buys maker of VR equipment for ‘immersive sports’ Company sees Voke as way to expand its offerings By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: November 4, 2016, 4:37 PM A   A Computer chips. Athletics. They’ve rarely had much in common. Intel is betting that will change with the emergence of new technologies, from wearable computing and connected devices to virtual reality. On Thursday, Intel said it has purchased a Silicon Valley business called Voke for an undisclosed sum, to promote “immersive sports.” Voke makes cameras and software designed to stream live, virtual reality. People wearing specially equipped goggles can view athletic events, fashion shows and similar activities with wraparound technology designed to simulate the experience of actually being there. The companies didn’t disclose terms of the deal, but Voke had raised $12.5 million in investment. The chipmaker put Voke in a newly established “Intel Sports Group” run by James Carwana, who was until recently the top assistant to Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich. “Sports is being revolutionized by data and the ability to capture, connect, analyze and interact with it,” Carwana wrote in a blog post announcing the Voke deal. “We call this the digitization of sports.” As Intel seeks to expand its business beyond the facing PC industry, the chipmaker has been working to shed a nerdy image linked to cubicle farms and chip factory bunny suits. At this year’s Consumer Electronics Show, Krzanich touted a robotic scooter, a sports bra with a built-in computer chip, and BMX stunt bikes. The chipmaker has held promotions with the NBA, ESPN’s X Games and touted a 360-degree instant replay technology for professional basketball, baseball and football. Intel said Voke will help it bring “live, virtual reality experiences to audiences.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Don’t Overlook Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock’s Bargain-Bin Price The market is punishing INTC stock for no good reason By Dan Burrows, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Nov 1, 2016, 12:05 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Bank of America Corp (BAC) Is an Even ‘Biglier’ Buy Under Trump Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is Gaining Too Much Momentum to Ignore Recent Posts: Why GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Keeps Hitting Its Head on the Floor Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Could Have a Sluggish Year Ahead Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Needs a LOT More Than Activist Aid View All Posts Shares in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) were having a fine 2016 — up 10% at one point — and then Intel stock gave up most of its year-to-date gains after earnings earlier this month. The question now is INTC stock worth buying at this lower price? There was nothing wrong with Intel’s third-quarter earnings. The chipmaker posted record profits. At 80 cents a share, adjusted earnings exceeded Wall Street’s earnings estimate by 8 cents. That’s a big beat. Sales topped expectations, too. The top line expanded 9% to $15.8 billion. Wall Street was modeling revenue of $15.6 billion. The backward-looking numbers looked pretty good, but then the market doesn’t pay for past performance. It’s all about future earnings, and on that basis, INTC spooked investors. The company guided fourth-quarter revenue to $15.7 billion, which is significantly below what analysts were expecting. The sales hit comes courtesy of start-up costs for next-generation manufacturing capabilities. That sounds like a good use of capital expenditures. Leveraging wise investments to goose future profits is what a company like INTC is supposed to do. But the market was having none of it. Intel stock has lost more than 7% in wake of the Oct. 18 earnings report. 9 Shiny New Dividend Stocks You Can Trust in the Long Run The sharp drop in INTC stock seems overdone. After all, it’s not like the company took an axe to its outlook. It’s sort of bizarre. How does the market punish a stock to this degree for issuing slightly disappointing revenue guidance for the ongoing quarter? If Intel didn’t say anything and fourth-quarter revenue came up short of estimates, the drubbing would have been far less severe. Heck, the company missed analysts’ average revenue estimate in the June quarter and pretty much cruised right through. Intel Stock Is on Sale These clues suggest INTC stock might be beaten down for no good reason. Most companies in Intel’s sector — and probably most companies in general — are cutting back on investment. INTC is plowing ahead even as its results and stock takes hits. More importantly, Intel is investing wisely. INTC stock still struggles with the headwind of PC sales. They’re a slowly melting iceberg. But this is old news. What investors should be focusing on is Intel’s success in the segment that makes server chips for cloud-based computing. The Data Center Group contributes about 50% of operating earnings. Revenue is accelerating. This area of growth is a secular, not cyclical, trend. PCs might be in decline, but servers have a bright future. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/intel-corporation-intc-stocks-bargain-bin-price/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Lenovo ZUK Z2: Promising smartphone, with a few caveats [Review] By Desire Athow Published 2 months ago 6 Comments Tweet Lenovo is already a well-established brand in Western Europe thanks to its personal computer brand which counts the legendary ThinkPad range and German manufacturer, Medion, amongst its ranks. It also absorbed storage vendor Iomega, IBM’s Intel-based server business and NEC personal computer range. The company has acquired phone manufacturer Motorola, inheriting yet another iconic brand whose name still carries a lot of value for a mainstream audience. But the latest move of the Chinese company, which is also the biggest PC vendor in the world, has been surprising. It launched a division called Zuk, which is a Chinese-only brand, apparently aiming to compete with the likes of OnePlus (a subsidiary of OPPO), Honor (a subsidiary of Huawei) and Xiaomi. Gearbest sent us the Zuk Z2 which is its latest addition to its portfolio, one that goes head to head against the Honor 8 and the OnePlus 2. The phone costs just under £200 including delivery; we would suggest that you read this piece about the pros and cons of buying technology from online Chinese retailers (links to our sister website, TechRadar). The Design No surprise there, ZUK uses the same sort of design that you’d find on premium models. Indeed, the phone has an air of iPhone 5 about it, with an entirely black finish. It sports lean lines and a minimalist design with dual 2.5D Arc glass front and back sides. As a business phone, the ZUK will have no problem displayed next to the latest high-end smartphones on the market. Not a hint of plastic here. The software is an entirely different story; more on that later. Glass is a premium material, but suffers from three big disadvantages. It is fragile (despite what Gorilla Glass will say -- note that the phone doesn’t use GG), it does attract fingerprints and it has a nasty tendency to slide on smooth surfaces (which often ends with a big thump when it hits the floor). To Lenovo’s credit, it seems that it used an oleophobic coating to make the rear and the front less greasy. The front fascia contains the speaker, a front facing camera as well as a physical home button that hides a few tricks. Just below that, on the shorter sides, is the headset input, the USB Type C connector and the speaker grill. On the side is the power button, the volume rocker and the SIM card holder. There’s no micro SD card slot -- the phone comes with 64GB by default -- and two nano SIM cards, both on standby, can be supported. At the back is a small ZUK logo -- no mention of Lenovo -- a single flash and the camera sensor. ZUK says that it used metal particle coating on the sides to enhance the phone’s look; what that means is that it makes it look matte. The Hardware The phone’s dimensions -- 8.5 x 142 x 69mm -- are great for whoever is not a big fan of phablets; ditto for the weight which tops the scale at only 149g. Bear in mind that it has a smaller than average 5-inch display, coupled with a full HD resolution, though, it does produce sharp pictures. More on that later. As for most of the high end vendors -- and unlike many of its tier-2 Chinese competitors which have opted for Mediatek chip -- the Zuk Z2 uses a Qualcomm one, the Snapdragon 820, a beast of a processor that runs four cores at up to 2.2GHz and has an Adreno 530 GPU. As expected, it supports 802.11ac, LTE (all UK 4G bands except Band 20/800MHz), LPDDR4 and Bluetooth 4.1. There’s also an array of sensors including a gyroscope, a compass, a hall sensor, a proximity sensor and a light one. As mentioned before the ZUK Z2 comes with 64GB onboard storage; note that the phone uses the slower eMMC 5.1 technology rather than the faster -- but more expensive -- UFS 2.0 one. The rear camera sports a 13-megapixel sensor from Samsung while the front one is an 8-megapixel model. Both have fairly wide apertures (f/2.2 and f/2.0 respectively). And the rear camera can shoot at 4K. The smartphone also came with a USB Type C cable and a tiny adaptor with a Chinese plug, but one which delivers far more juice than your average charger. It’s rated 2.5A at 5.3V which equals 13.25W or almost a third more than a standard mobile power adaptor. Sadly, there’s no NFC capabilities which is simply unacceptable on a phone in this category. This short-range, low power connectivity mechanism has become more popular and omitting it automatically excludes it from some use case scenarios like Android Pay. In Use As expected, the components in the ZUK Z2 deliver a stellar performance; it blazed through the popular Antutu mobile benchmark, delivering a superb score of 140,058 which is within spitting distance of the leader, the OnePlus 3. The display uses the LTPS technology, probably from Sharp (now Foxconn); that’s a similar display used by the Apple iPhone 7. The pictures look crisp even in broad day light with an average contrast and excellent brightness. Colors are not too saturated and looked natural with excellent viewing angles; out-of-the-box options to tinker with the display settings are limited though. As expected -- thanks to a pixel density of 441PPI -- the icons and texts remained sharp. The sound quality is one of the few weak spots; the mono speaker failed to deliver the oomph and reach the highs of devices like the Sony Xperia Z3 which deliver sound through two front facing speakers. Audio quality remains a recurrent issue with Chinese smartphones. One bright spot though has to be the fingerprint reader which can be configured and is not only fast (100ms response time) but also unobtrusive. The hardware only tells half of the story: bear in mind that this is a smartphone for the Chinese market so the installed firmware indicates that. We encountered Chinese characters when trying to update to the latest version of the OS (2.1.059 ST). Sadly, that didn’t go as planned and is symptomatic of the sort of experience you encounter with devices that are not location-optimized. We had to install a VPN to download the most recent firmware update as ZUK’s servers wouldn’t allow anyone from outside China to do it. And even then, we couldn’t install it because the phone was apparently encrypted (we couldn’t find any option in the settings to disable it). Furthermore, although the ZUK Z2 came with Google Play, most of the other Google services (Youtube, Gmail etc) were not installed by default. At the time of writing, there’s no English version of the ZUK website which means no official support (you can always rely on unofficial third party user forums, but at your own risk). As for the battery life, it was excellent. The 3,500mAh battery managed to keep the phone running for almost two days, albeit without any intensive tasks (no Youtube or gaming involved). Verdict Clearly, using this phone is not for the faint hearted. The number of hoops you need to go through to get an OTA (over the air) update is frightening and highlights the gulf that exists between established brands like Huawei or Samsung and those -- which, like ZUK -- aspire to match them. Obviously, Lenovo has no excuse to fall back on. The OTA experience should be much better than that even if it is a smartphone destined for the Chinese market. There’s also the lack of NFC which puzzled us as much as it disappointed us. And, while entirely subjective, the use of glass at the back instead of metal or plastic means that the phone is more likely to be scratched especially as it slides more easily on any surface with a gentle slope. Ours got a few scratches within 24 hours. Sure, a protective sleeve or case would help, but then doesn’t that negate the purpose of having a glass back in the first place? That combined with the fact that it doesn’t support band 20 (800MHz) makes it a no-no for O2 customers whose LTE service uses this frequency exclusively. MVNO customers from Giff Gaff, Tesco Mobile and Talk Talk are also in the same boat. In the end, the ZUK Z2 is a prime example of a phone that could certainly become a hit, but will probably have to be sidelined until the major issues highlighted before are solved. Published under license from ITProPortal.com, a Future plc Publication. All rights reserved. 6 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Google Translate gets better thanks to Neural Machine Translation technology Samsung buys Harman for $8bn Bigger battery, better camera, faster processor -- the OnePlus 3T is even more of a flagship killer What you need to consider before adopting Microsoft Office 365 Android backdoor found sending personal information from US users to China Is Apple crazy to sell a $300 hardcover photo book? Not at all SMBs hold on to their hardware longer than enterprises Most Commented Stories Furious Kaspersky is 'disappointed and dismayed' with Microsoft 395 Comments President Trump: The hangover 273 Comments Hillary Clinton blames FBI email investigation for her election loss to Donald Trump 136 Comments Major Linux security hole found in Cryptsetup script for LUKS disk encryption 52 Comments Google fails to patch Chrome browser bug -- Microsoft Windows users at risk of scams 50 Comments © 1998-2016 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Intel XenGT 2016Q3 Update Adds Windows 10 Guest, Kaby Lake Support Written by Michael Larabel in Virtualization on 6 November 2016 at 01:53 PM EST. Add A Comment Intel's open-source XenGT project that provides a mediated graphics passthrough stack for Intel GVT-g for Xen is now out with its quarterly feature update. XenGT provides full GPU virtualization with mediated pass-through support so each Xen VM has a virtual GPU instance and can run the native graphics driver inside a VM. With the Intel XenGT 2016Q3 update, there is preliminary support for 7th Generation Core CPUs (Kaby Lake) as well as Windows 10 Redstone guest support. The Windows 10 guest support is limited to the 64-bit version and there is also preliminary Windows Guest QoS support.. Also with this quarterly update there is display virtualization preliminary support and live migration and save/restore VM support on Broadwell with 2D/3D workloads running. More details on these Intel XenGT 2016Q3 changes via this mailing list announcement. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Virtualization News Xen & KVM Changes Line Up For Linux 4.9 Libvirt 2.3 Virtualization API Released VirtualBox 5.1.6 Brings Many Fixes QEMU 2.7 Released With Many Improvements For The Linux Virtualization Stack Having Fun With Virgil 3D On Arch Linux With Wayland, Libvirt, SPICE Performance Improvement For Virtual NVMe Devices Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
walesonlineLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Wales News UK News World News Crime Politics Health Nostalgia Education Farming Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Film ShoppingExpand Rugby Football Sport Latest Sport Rugby Football Cardiff City Swansea City Boxing Cricket Ice Hockey Other Sport Sport Opinion Fixtures & Results Fantasy FootballExpand Business Latest Business Business News Commercial Property Personal Finance Appointments Business Opinion FarmingExpand TV News Fun Stuff Homes Food & Drink Quizzes In Your Area North Wales Mid Wales South-East Wales South-West Wales Cardiff Swansea See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Travel Dating Book an Ad BuySell Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd Home News News Opinion Barack Obama NewsOpinion This woman from Cardiff is in America campaigning for Hillary Clinton One Cardiff campaigner is out in America  Share  Comments ByWalesOnline 16:13, 6 NOV 2016 Updated16:14, 6 NOV 2016 NewsOpinion Jen Thornton (centre)- a Cardiffian campaigning for Clinton  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email THE long road towards the climax of the US presidential election has been made possible thanks to the efforts of a dedicated army of campaigners on both sides. Here, Jen Thornton – a Labour party campaigner from Cardiff – gives a glimpse of the time she has spent campaigning on behalf of Hillary Clinton in America “Hey, nice to meet you. Could you just talk a little. I love your accent!” This is how lots of my conversations have started in Charlotte, North Carolina. I’m out here campaigning for Hillary Clinton in the US Presidential Election. To be honest I also love their accents, and I have found myself occasionally saying “y’all” on the doorsteps. Americans are fascinated by the level of interest people around the world have in their Presidential race. We explain that whoever is the head of state in this superpower nation has a huge impact on the entire world, and that the entire world is taking rather seriously the possibility that a man like Donald Trump could be in the Oval Office. So, here I am. I’m with a group of over 70 British campaigners – connected as friends or campaigners – who have come out to Charlotte to play our part in this important election. 'Intel' When people think of canvassing it can seem like a scary prospect – knocking a stranger’s door to try to persuade them to vote for your Party or your candidate. In actual fact that’s almost never what it’s about. The early part of the campaign is all “intel” (finding out how they intend to vote) and then what’s known as GOTV – Get Out the Vote – when you go back to just favourable voters and make sure they’re actually casting their votes. The fear factor runs high as America prepares to vote In North Carolina, people can “Early Vote” from October 20 to November 5, so the focus of our door knocking since I’ve been here has been on that. Something like 60% of voters in Charlotte will vote early, so it has been really important to get the vote out for Hillary out during that time. Early voting is a really big part of the campaign here. People can vote early at any designated polling station in the county area, so it makes it easier for people to get to the polls when they’re working or have busy lives. An election forecast: Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch this video again Video will play in  Share this video Watch Next It also gives campaigners a lot more opportunities to remind voters to go and vote. If people haven’t yet registered to vote they can also turn up at an Early Vote location and register and vote at the same time. This is a game-changer for voter turnout, particularly in typically disengaged areas and communities. 'Many say they won't vote' In the UK registration closes several weeks before election days so once someone’s missed it, however passionate they are, they cannot vote. The other big difference over here is the “down ticket” races. In Wales this May we voted for our constituency Assembly Members, regional Assembly Members and Police and Crime Commissioners on three different papers. Read More Welsh Americans told us how they think life will change under Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump Here they’ll vote for everyone from the state Governor and Senator to the state Commissioner for Agriculture – and for the President – on one ballot paper. It’s complicated, but our goal is to get people voting the whole state-wide Democratic slate. Jen Thornton - a Cardiffian campaigning for Clinton On the doorsteps as we’re targeting people identified as Democratic supporters, almost all our conversations are positive, though we have spoken to some who say that though they’re Democrats they don’t want to vote for Hillary. Sadly, many of these people are saying they won’t vote at all. In a state this tight, turnout matters, so it’s our key priority to get those people to go to the polling stations. The negativity of the campaigns here is an interesting difference. “Attack ads” on radio and television are almost constant, and it’s much more likely to hear “Hillary - unfit for office” than what the Republican candidate would actually do for people. Read More We asked Welsh Americans who they would vote for as election day looms While there’s a little of this in the UK, political campaigns are not able to buy commercial broadcast advertising so their one-hit Party Political Broadcasts are more likely to be focused on what they will do for the country, rather than the negative aspects of the other parties. 'I can only hope' There’s also news cycle after news cycle with stories about Hillary’s possible indictment regarding some supposed improper emails. This, I know, is making headlines in the UK too. It seems to have an impact on some voters but at this late stage almost everyone has either made their mind up or won’t be voting at all. “Undecideds”, as they’re known, are more important earlier in the race. Right now we just want to get our vote to turn out. While we’ve been out here we’ve also been able to go to a couple of rallies and hear Bill Clinton and Joe Biden speak. Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton greets a baby outside an early voting center in West Miami, Fla.,Saturday, Nov. 5, 2016. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) These events are often used as a way to get people volunteering, and make sure they hear from the senate, state legislature and other candidates as well as the headliner. Today we’ll be seeing President Obama and it’s safe to say the group is excited. As I write this, the latest North Carolina state-wide poll has Trump 0.5% ahead. This is, of course, within the margin of error but polling this tight does send campaigners into frenzied activity. It really is too close to call at the moment, but I can only hope we succeed and Hillary Clinton is the next President of the USA. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @WalesOnline Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Barack Obama Labour Party Cardiff US presidential elections Politics news all Most Read Most Recent RhonddaBarbed wire stretched across bike path left cyclist having to pull it from around his throat The barbed wire was on a downhill part of the trail where riders usually pick up a lot of speed SwanseaTeenager to stand trial for feeding chip to pigeon after refusing to pay fine Lauren Paige Smith admits tossing a couple of fries to the birds but says she was not littering CardiffA new mum was reduced to tears by a diner who objected to her breastfeeding in a restaurant The man told Keely McMahon-Perry the fact she was feeding her baby son was 'disgusting' TwitterShocking footage appears to show people having sex in Cardiff nightclub The incident was filmed as dozens of shocked party-goers looked on in Cardiff's Revolution nightclub CrimeA fight broke out in front of children on a packed train after Wales v Argentina in Cardiff Several people were injured in the fight after Wales' clash with the Pumas at the Principality Stadium NewsWales breaking news plus live traffic, weather and M4 updates (Wednesday, November 16) Live news service featuring all the latest traffic, weather, M4, showbiz and sport updates Black FridayBlack Friday bargains 'cheaper in the months before or after the event' Consumer watchdog Which? tracked 178 deals on 20 items for five months last year and found only half of the products were cheapest on Black Friday EuromillionsEuromillions results for Tuesday, November 15 Find out if you've just won £22m to help with your Christmas shopping FlintshireCouple claim they were told not to call an ambulance for their sick baby as 'it would cost too much' Tecwyn Jones needed a five-hour operation and his parents were reportedly told he had a 50/50 chance of survival Wales NewsHow a teen battling suicidal thoughts and drug addiction turned his life around in just one year Adrian Thomas, now 20, was living in sheltered accommodation before he was offered help from The Prince's Trust Most Read Most Recent Rugby fun stuffIs this the greatest rugby try ever scored? The extraordinary last-minute effort that was 15 years in the making He received the ball behind his own try line and decided to try something he'd been thinking about for 15 years NostalgiaThese pictures and stories of Wales' lost towns, villages and neighbourhoods are poignant and fascinating From Temperance Town to Capel Celyn and Tiger Bay to Mynydd Epynt Wales football teamWales fans sabotage English bar with HUNDREDS of outrageously damning 1-star reviews after refusal to show Serbia match This bar might be regretting its decision not to screen the Wales v Serbia World Cup qualifier... Wales Rugby TeamNigel Owens and World Rugby chiefs meet to discuss growing problem of players arguing with referees One former referee believes the game is at crisis point RhonddaBarbed wire stretched across bike path left cyclist having to pull it from around his throat The barbed wire was on a downhill part of the trail where riders usually pick up a lot of speed NewsWales breaking news plus live traffic, weather and M4 updates (Wednesday, November 16) Live news service featuring all the latest traffic, weather, M4, showbiz and sport updates Black FridayBlack Friday bargains 'cheaper in the months before or after the event' Consumer watchdog Which? tracked 178 deals on 20 items for five months last year and found only half of the products were cheapest on Black Friday Swansea City FCFrom fruit and veg stall to England and the Premier League - Alfie Mawson seeks to continue his rise with Swansea City Mawson made his debut for England Under 21s this week and looks to show he can be the next Ashley Williams ahead of Saturday's Goodison reunion with their former skipper Glamorgan CCCGlamorgan batsman Colin Ingram makes return for South African side Warriors He struggled throughout the 2016 season with a long-term knee injury Swansea City FCWho is Paul Williams? The inside track on the latest addition to Swansea City's backroom staff He has been appointed by Bob Bradley to add experience to the Swansea coaching team Top Stories CardiffA new mum was reduced to tears by a diner who objected to her breastfeeding in a restaurant The man told Keely McMahon-Perry the fact she was feeding her baby son was 'disgusting' Black FridayBlack Friday bargains 'cheaper in the months before or after the event' Consumer watchdog Which? tracked 178 deals on 20 items for five months last year and found only half of the products were cheapest on Black Friday National AssemblyTwo arrested over alleged sex assault before Welsh Assembly rugby side clash Two 31-year-old men have been arrested, one of whom works for the National Assembly FlintshireCouple claim they were told not to call an ambulance for their sick baby as 'it would cost too much' Tecwyn Jones needed a five-hour operation and his parents were reportedly told he had a 50/50 chance of survival Wales football teamWales fans sabotage English bar with HUNDREDS of outrageously damning 1-star reviews after refusal to show Serbia match This bar might be regretting its decision not to screen the Wales v Serbia World Cup qualifier... SwanseaTeenager to stand trial for feeding chip to pigeon after refusing to pay fine Lauren Paige Smith admits tossing a couple of fries to the birds but says she was not littering CrimeA fight broke out in front of children on a packed train after Wales v Argentina in Cardiff Several people were injured in the fight after Wales' clash with the Pumas at the Principality Stadium South Wales PoliceFormer mosque teacher charged with indecently assaulting four girls under the age of 14 Mohammed Haji Saddique, now 80, taught at the mosque for 30 years CourtsTrial of two men accused of murdering a soldier postponed due to strike by prison officers Up to 10,000 prison officers stopped work across England and Wales Cardiff Crown CourtMan filmed himself having sex with Muslim women and threatened to post footage online, court hears Farhan Mirza, 38, is facing trial at Cardiff Crown Court after being accused of voyeurism, blackmail, theft and fraud - which he denies Wales Rugby TeamAlun Wyn Jones' touching tribute to his dad as entire Welsh rugby team attend funeral The team showed their respect for Tim Jones, who passed away on November 1 after illness NewsVideo shows worker appearing to use mobile phone while driving street cleaning vehicle A spokesman for Swansea council said they will be speaking directly to the member of staff and also reminding all staff about their responsibilites when driving News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Environment-Wildlife 'Wajah Tum Ho' is best suspense thriller: Rajniesh Duggall Kashmiri separatist leaders meet Business Standard 'Lost' Chandrabhaga river found in Odisha IANS  |  Bengaluru  November 6, 2016 Last Updated at 14:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJ94Vx Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ IIT-Madras team to examine high tide impact on Puri sea beach IIT Kharagpur and Ministry of Heavy Industries join hands to boost Make in India DST, Intel India and SINE-IIT Bombay tie-up for hardware, systems start-ups IIT JEE Main rankings out; boys dominate list Forbes Marshall launches Energy Efficiency Centre at IIT Bombay After an expert panel recently confirmed the existence of the mythical Saraswati river in India's northwest, scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur (IIT-KgP) now claim they have found evidence of another "lost" Indian river. Called "Chandrabhaga", this ancient river is believed to have existed at a distance of about two km from the 13th century Sun Temple at Konark, a Unesco World Heritage Site in the eastern state of Odisha. No trace of any water body is at present visible in the proximity of the temple, but "the mythical river figures prominently in ancient literature", the scientists report in the journal Current Science. Almost all myths regarding Konark, including illustrations and photographs, indicate the presence of the Chandrabhaga river in the proximity of the temple, they say. The IIT study aimed to verify this myth. They did this through integrated geological and geophysical exploration in conjunction with historical evidence and analysis of satellite data. Imagery from Landsat and Terra satellites of the US and those obtained by NASA Space Shuttle Endeavour's "Radar Topographic Mission" in 2000 were used. According to their report, the satellite imagery and Google Earth image showed a "sinusoidal" trace, characteristic of a typical "palaeo-channel" -- remnant of an inactive river -- passing north of the Sun Temple extending approximately parallel to the coast. The existence of a palaeo-channel was further corroborated through profiling the surface using "ground penetrating radar" that showed the existence of a V-shaped subsurface river valley, the scientists report. Field studies revealed that the suspected palaeo-channel is characterised by swampy lands covered with water hyacinth plants and geologically, the study area "is covered with alluvium, a deposit characteristic of rivers". The gravity data collected from past sources also showed a low gravity anomaly zone along the suspected palaeo-channel -- an indication of the presence of low density sedimentary deposits along the depressed zone. All the evidence, including sinusoidal pattern of the river as seen in satellite imagery; patches of water bodies at various locations along the channel and the V-shaped depression seen along the elevation profile suggesting a past river valley, "indicate the presence of a palaeo-channel near Konark", the scientists conclude. "Combining the myths with scientific and historical evidence, the identified palaeo-channel may be correlated to the lost river Chandrabhaga," they say. "What caused the extinction of this river remains a subject of further investigation." According to the IIT team, identification of such a palaeo-channel "may lead to the delineation of pockets of freshwater zones within a dominantly saline water environment, and may even partially alleviate the drinking-water problem along the Odisha coast". (K.S. Jayaraman can be contacted at killugudi@hotmail.com) --IANS ksj/vm/sac (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Odisha | Iit | India | News-ians | Environment-wildlife PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online 'Lost' Chandrabhaga river found in Odisha After an expert panel recently confirmed the existence of the mythical Saraswati river in India's northwest, scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur (IIT-KgP) now claim they have found evidence of another "lost" Indian river. After an expert panel recently confirmed the existence of the mythical Saraswati river in India's northwest, scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur (IIT-KgP) now claim they have found evidence of another "lost" Indian river. Called "Chandrabhaga", this ancient river is believed to have existed at a distance of about two km from the 13th century Sun Temple at Konark, a Unesco World Heritage Site in the eastern state of Odisha. No trace of any water body is at present visible in the proximity of the temple, but "the mythical river figures prominently in ancient literature", the scientists report in the journal Current Science. Almost all myths regarding Konark, including illustrations and photographs, indicate the presence of the Chandrabhaga river in the proximity of the temple, they say. The IIT study aimed to verify this myth. They did this through integrated geological and geophysical exploration in conjunction with historical evidence and analysis of satellite data. Imagery from Landsat and Terra satellites of the US and those obtained by NASA Space Shuttle Endeavour's "Radar Topographic Mission" in 2000 were used. According to their report, the satellite imagery and Google Earth image showed a "sinusoidal" trace, characteristic of a typical "palaeo-channel" -- remnant of an inactive river -- passing north of the Sun Temple extending approximately parallel to the coast. The existence of a palaeo-channel was further corroborated through profiling the surface using "ground penetrating radar" that showed the existence of a V-shaped subsurface river valley, the scientists report. Field studies revealed that the suspected palaeo-channel is characterised by swampy lands covered with water hyacinth plants and geologically, the study area "is covered with alluvium, a deposit characteristic of rivers". The gravity data collected from past sources also showed a low gravity anomaly zone along the suspected palaeo-channel -- an indication of the presence of low density sedimentary deposits along the depressed zone. All the evidence, including sinusoidal pattern of the river as seen in satellite imagery; patches of water bodies at various locations along the channel and the V-shaped depression seen along the elevation profile suggesting a past river valley, "indicate the presence of a palaeo-channel near Konark", the scientists conclude. "Combining the myths with scientific and historical evidence, the identified palaeo-channel may be correlated to the lost river Chandrabhaga," they say. "What caused the extinction of this river remains a subject of further investigation." According to the IIT team, identification of such a palaeo-channel "may lead to the delineation of pockets of freshwater zones within a dominantly saline water environment, and may even partially alleviate the drinking-water problem along the Odisha coast". (K.S. Jayaraman can be contacted at killugudi@hotmail.com) --IANS ksj/vm/sac (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 'Lost' Chandrabhaga river found in Odisha After an expert panel recently confirmed the existence of the mythical Saraswati river in India's northwest, scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology-Kharagpur (IIT-KgP) now claim they have found evidence of another "lost" Indian river. Called "Chandrabhaga", this ancient river is believed to have existed at a distance of about two km from the 13th century Sun Temple at Konark, a Unesco World Heritage Site in the eastern state of Odisha. No trace of any water body is at present visible in the proximity of the temple, but "the mythical river figures prominently in ancient literature", the scientists report in the journal Current Science. Almost all myths regarding Konark, including illustrations and photographs, indicate the presence of the Chandrabhaga river in the proximity of the temple, they say. The IIT study aimed to verify this myth. They did this through integrated geological and geophysical exploration in conjunction with historical evidence and analysis of satellite data. Imagery from Landsat and Terra satellites of the US and those obtained by NASA Space Shuttle Endeavour's "Radar Topographic Mission" in 2000 were used. According to their report, the satellite imagery and Google Earth image showed a "sinusoidal" trace, characteristic of a typical "palaeo-channel" -- remnant of an inactive river -- passing north of the Sun Temple extending approximately parallel to the coast. The existence of a palaeo-channel was further corroborated through profiling the surface using "ground penetrating radar" that showed the existence of a V-shaped subsurface river valley, the scientists report. Field studies revealed that the suspected palaeo-channel is characterised by swampy lands covered with water hyacinth plants and geologically, the study area "is covered with alluvium, a deposit characteristic of rivers". The gravity data collected from past sources also showed a low gravity anomaly zone along the suspected palaeo-channel -- an indication of the presence of low density sedimentary deposits along the depressed zone. All the evidence, including sinusoidal pattern of the river as seen in satellite imagery; patches of water bodies at various locations along the channel and the V-shaped depression seen along the elevation profile suggesting a past river valley, "indicate the presence of a palaeo-channel near Konark", the scientists conclude. "Combining the myths with scientific and historical evidence, the identified palaeo-channel may be correlated to the lost river Chandrabhaga," they say. "What caused the extinction of this river remains a subject of further investigation." According to the IIT team, identification of such a palaeo-channel "may lead to the delineation of pockets of freshwater zones within a dominantly saline water environment, and may even partially alleviate the drinking-water problem along the Odisha coast". (K.S. Jayaraman can be contacted at killugudi@hotmail.com) --IANS ksj/vm/sac (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Microsoft > Windows Phone FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! The Leaked Intel-Powered Windows Phone Was Not the Surface Phone GO Report claims it was just a project developed by Dell Nov 6, 2016 08:51 GMT  ·  By Bogdan Popa  ·  Share:  A couple of days ago, famous leaker Evan Blass posted photos of what he suggested to be an Intel-powered Windows Phone, and it goes without saying that many of those who clicked them thought it was the Surface Phone. The Surface Phone is pretty much the most anticipated Windows Phone and is supposed to be Microsoft’s next big thing in mobile that should help reignite interest in the company’s smartphone platform. Given the previous rumors that the Surface Phone could come with x86 architecture, it’s easy to see why so many people believed this was it. But a new report from Thurrott and citing sources familiar with the phone claims this wasn’t the Surface Phone, but only a project developed by Dell. Information remains rather vague at the moment, and the source says that the shots we’ve seen online might only be renders and not photos of the actual product. Phablet or small tablet with cellular connectivity What’s more important, however, is that the device was developed to run on an Intel chip, and judging from the photos, it was supposed to come with a companion product like a laptop, which is a sign that Dell wanted to maximize the potential of Windows 10 Mobile and Continuum. Judging from how big it seems to be in the photos, the phone was most likely a phablet or a small tablet with cellular connectivity, so a 7-inch display seems very likely. As for the reasons why the phone was abandoned, very little is known so far, but it’s believed that bringing an Intel chip on phones is still a big challenge that manufacturers are yet to deal with. Cooling an Intel CPU without a fan in such a small body is still super difficult, while offering decent battery life continues to be impossible, especially if the end goal is to run desktop applications. On the other hand, this project gives hope that someone might at some point actually build an Intel-powered Windows phone and Microsoft could very well be the pioneer in this direction. The Surface Phone is expected to launch next year, but specifics are not available at this moment. #Microsoft#Windows 10#Windows 10 Mobile#Windows Phone#Surface Phone subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Microsoft to Make Skype the iMessage of Android Photos of an Intel-Powered Windows Phone Get Leaked Microsoft Makes Windows 10 Updates Smaller and Faster with New OS Feature Microsoft Releases Windows 10 Creators Update Build 14959 Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers    Alleged Intel-powered Windows phone New Apps Frink: A simple to use tool that allows you to track measurement units such as feet, meters, kilograms and watts through various calculations AIO Boot: Create a bootable USB drive or HDD with Grub2 or Clover, and integrate multiple support packages, with this minimalistic utility CatLight: Keep a close eye on the status of AppVeyor, Jenkins, Team Foundation Server and Visual Studio Team Services builds with the help of this unobtrusive and useful app Battery Life Maximizer: Extend your laptop's battery life by identifying problems, such as power hungry processes and badly configured components, with this useful tool Exact Duplicate Finder: Find and delete duplicate files to free up space on the disk, filter files by type, send clones to the trash can or move them somewhere else Fotosizer Standard Edition: User-friendly and handy piece of software designed to help you resize photos to a custom size, apply several effects and convert them to a different file format using batch processing tasks Intel Remote Keyboard Host App: Seamless manage your Intel NUC or Intel Compute Stick from your mobile device over WiFi using this straightforward and intuitive tool Reader comments Microsoft Announces Black Friday 2016 Deals: Perfect Time to Go Windows 10 more on: Microsoft i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Define your site main menu Dell’s Precision T3500 Tower Workstation Dell offers four tower workstations in it’s Precision line of products: T1600, T3500, T5500, and T7500. The T3500 is the most affordable of the Tx500 line, but still provides plenty of power and options for professional use. Dell’s Precision T3500 provides a good selection of options and performance at entry-level prices. It is an excellent choice for professional users. The Precision T3500 is targeted towards professional users of CAD, animation, and video editing software. These are demanding applications in terms of CPU, video, and RAM requirements. The T3500 can provide good performance in all these areas. Power Supply The T3500 is powered by a beefy 525 watt power supply, and for $50 you can upgrade to an 85% efficient power supply which also supplies 525 watts to the chassis. Motherboard The T3500 motherboard utilizes Intel’s X58 chipset and provides ample options in terms of both usability and expansion. Intel’s X58 chipset provides an integrated SATA 3.0Gb/s host controller which support host based RAID 0/1/5/10. The built-in Broadcom 5761 Gigabit Ethernet controller supports both PXE and Remote Wake Up. An integrated sound card provides high definition audio along with 24-bit analog-to-digital and 24-bit digital-to-analog stereo conversion. 6 DIMM slots are available, which enables you to install up to 24GB of 1333Mhz DDR3 SDRAM. Both ECC and non-ECC memory are supported. The base configuration ships with two 1GB DIMM’s. Upgrading to 6GB will cost you $260 and upgrading to 12GB will cost you $680. If you are upgrading to 12GB, you will probably want to pay $720 to get three 4GB DIMMs instead of six 2GB DIMMs. The motherboard provides two PCI-e x16 Gen 2 graphics slots, two PCI-e x8 slot wired as x4 (one full-length and one half-length), and two half-length PCI slots. The T3500 offers a generous supply of USB ports — eleven in total. Two are located on the front panel, six are located in the rear, and three are internal. It also offers one eSATA port in the read, along with an RJ-45 gigabit Ethernet port, a parallel port, a serial port, and two PS/2 ports. CPU Options The base CPU is an Intel dual core 45nm 2.40Ghz Xeon W3503 with 4MB of Smart Cache. This CPU provides an Intel QPI speed of 4.8 GT/s. If your applications will benefit from increased CPU power and your budget has room, you can upgrade to any of these Intel Xeon processors: Dual Core 2.53Ghz Xeon W3505 with 4MB of Smart Cache Quad Core 2.80Ghz Xeon W3530 with 8MB of Smart Cache Quad Core 3.00Ghz Xeon W3550 with 8MB of Smart Cache Quad Core 3.20Ghz Xeon W3565 with 8MB of Smart Cache Six Core 3.20Ghz Xeon W3670 with 12MB of Smart Cache Six Core 3.46Ghz Xeon W3690 with 12MB of Smart Cache Video Options The base video card provided with the T3500 is an ATI FireMV 2260 with 256MB of video RAM. The card offers two DisplayPort outputs and comes with a DP to DVI adapter. Befitting it’s role as a animation and video editing platform, Dell offers a wide variety of video options for the T3500. You can choose from ATI’s FireMV or FirePro cards as well as NVIDIA Quadro NVS cards. Video RAM on the cards ranges from 256MB up to 2.5MB on the NVIDIA Quadro 5000. Upgrading to the 1GB ATI FirePro V4800 or the 1GB NVIDIA Quadro 600 can be done for only $80, so there isn’t too much reason to stick with the base video card. The V4800 even supports three monitors. Hard Drives The base hard drive is a 500GB 3.0Gb/s SATA drive with NCQ and 16MB DataBurst Cache. The T3500 case limits hard drive expansion by offering only two internal 3.5″ hard drive bays. There are also two external 5.25″ optical bays, so you could convert one to a hard drive bay while using the other for an optical drive. There is also an external 3.5″ flex bay which you can use for a media card reader or to store a fourth hard drive. DVD The base DVD is a 16X DVD-ROM. Most buyers who still use optical media will want to upgrade to one of the DVD+/-RW drives. Monitors Dell offers a good range of monitors with the T3500: Professional P170S 17″ Professional P1911 19″ Professional P190S 19″ E Series E2210 22″ Professional P2210 22″ UltraSharp 2007FP 20″ UltraSharp U2410 24″ The UltraSharp monitors provide 1600×1200 resolutions and 16ms response times, which are excellent for video editing and animation work. The 800:1 contrast ratio and wide viewing angle are very nice for sharing your work with your team members. Review Dell’s Precision T3500 provides a good selection of options and performance at entry-level prices. The T3500 is an excellent choice for professional users of CAD, animation, and video editing software. If you spend your day with applications like AutoCAD, SPICE, Maya, Cinema 4D, or Sketchup, Dell’s Precision T3500 could be the perfect machine for you. Follow Us! Rate this article: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ Dell’s Precision T3500 Tower Workstation, 3 / 5 (2 votes) You need to enable JavaScript to vote Mail this article Print this article Last updated 11 March, 2016. Related Posts Zorin OS: Promising, but Still Typically Linux Zorin OS caught my attention through an attractive web site and an interesting video presentation. ... Stephen this workstation can support xeon series like X5550, X5660 or E5645? Search for: Reference Software Tutorials Unit Conversion Practice Tests Web Tools Site Index Audio-Video Databases Electronics File Compression File Conversion Gaming Graphics Hardware Internet IT Management Macintosh Microsoft Windows Mobile Devices Networking Programming Science Security Telephony Unix by Tech-FAQ Copyright ©&nbsp2016 Independent Media | Reference the Tech-FAQ | Privacy Policy | Site Index Reviews Zorin OS: Promising, but Still Typically Linux Dell’s Precision T3500 Tower Workstation } 95 queries in 0.408 seconds.
null
Log in Sign up Login with Facebook Login with Google Go Advanced News Reviews Phones Home News Blog Reviews Comments (111) Post your comment Concept photos? Or actual renders? This could be the long-awaited Surface Phone 05 November 2016 Friday, leak master @evleaks posted a few pictures of a windows phone concept as the way he tweeted it at first, was very vague and unclear as to whether the photos were of an actual phone or of a conceptual design. Powered by a laptop-class Intel processor, would this have blown your mind? he tweets. Powered by a laptop-class Intel processor, would this have blown your mind? pic.twitter.com/0n2yZPvU65 Evan Blass (@evleaks) November 4, 2016 Someone commented that it was a nice concept but nothing more, than that. Thats when Evan Blass tweeted some more photos out, this time of the same phone, but posed in some lifestyle shots. He replies to the comment by saying Much more than a concept. Stay tuned." .@tomwarren Much more than just a concept. Stay tuned. pic.twitter.com/KmPYCPyGV4 Evan Blass (@evleaks) November 4, 2016 Beside the fact that these phones could be powered by a laptop Intel CPU, theres not much else we know. But there must be more that @evleaks knows as he asks everyone to stay tuned for more news from the rumor mill. There is still no news on pricing, availability, specs, or even a time frame of when this could be a real thing. We could be looking at a couple of things: either an early mockup with a conceptual phone used as a place holder, or some fan-made Photoshop art. But given Blass track record with accuracy, we could be looking at the real deal. Via Share Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com All brands | Privacy | Terms | Contact us Desktop version
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu THINK OUTSIDE THE MAC If you don’t want to get the new MacBook Pro, consider these Windows laptops instead Written by Mike Murphy November 05, 2016 What else is there? (Apple) Share Written by Mike Murphy November 05, 2016 Perhaps it was the lack of ports that did it for you. Or maybe it was the removal of the MagSafe power connector. Or maybe it was the weird mini-touchscreen that replaced the function keys for an extra $300. Or maybe you just think Apple is boring now. Whatever the reason, it seems that the new MacBook Pro, announced last week, has been somewhat underwhelming critics and prospective buyers. While the computers are as well-built as any Apple product in recent memory, they seem to be needlessly minimalistic and expensive, removing all the ports, bar four USB-C ports that don’t connect to any legacy Apple products, or even the company’s newest smartphones without buying more cables. They also feature a thin touchscreen that is likely frustrating to use if you’re blind, and last year’s processors. If any of these factors are causing you to reconsider your relationship with Apple’s laptops, this guide is for you. Quartz has complied a list of Windows laptops to consider, as well as Windows programs, to replace the MacBook-shaped hole in your life. Windows laptops There was a time when Apple was really the only company that seemed to be able to pull off well-designed laptops. But in recent years, some of the largest Windows computer manufacturers have shown that they too can produce some great designs, and Windows 10, Microsoft’s latest operating system, is actually not terrible. Here’s a few computers that longtime Mac users may want to consider over the new MacBook Pro: Ones that look like MacBooks ASUS ZenBook (ASUS) The ASUS line of laptops have been getting decent reviews, and the UX303UA model looks like a slightly more angular MacBook Pro. For $900, you get a 13-inch machine with the same basic specs as the new MacBook Pros (an Intel Core i5 processor and a 256 GB solid-state hard drive) as well as decent battery life and a touchscreen. And it comes in rose gold. The UX390UA model, which ASUS is also calling the ZenBook 3, happens to look just like a MacBook, as well, except that it comes in a nifty shade of blue: (ASUS) HP EliteBook Folio. From a distance, it would be very easy to mistake this for a MacBook, were it not for the rather large HP logo just below the screen. The Verge called it a “beautifully designed laptop” (although gave it an underwhelming 6/10 review). For $1,000, you get a 128 GB solid-state hard drive and 8 GB of RAM, but you also get a touchscreen that folds down 180 degrees (for some reason), a biometric infrared eye scanner (like the one in the exploding Samsung Note 7), and a computer that is apparently drop- and dust-proof. HP Envy 13 (HP) CNET said HP’s other MacBook clone was one of computers that ushered in an era where “quality became affordable” in Windows computers. This $850 machine has the same basic specs as the EliteBook Folio, without the touchscreen. HP Spectre (HP) HP’s super-thin flagship laptop, which the company says was built with “artisan materials and striking craftsmanship,” looks rather like a MacBook designed in the 1980s: Replace the silver for black and gold, and you get the Spectre. The computer has a 13.3-inch touchscreen, a battery that can last all day, 8 GB of memory, a 256 GB solid-state hard drive, and will set you back about $1,200. Microsoft Surface Book Microsoft’s first homemade laptop got a specs refresh just last week and is definitely a different machine from the MacBook Pro, even if it looks quite similar. It features a zany bendy hinge, a detachable touchscreen, and works with a stylus so you can draw circles on the screen to your heart’s content. For $1,500, you get the pen, 8 GB of memory, and a 128 GB hard drive. There are lots of upgrade options, all the way up to a $3,200 machine with a 1 TB hard drive and 16 GB of memory, if that’s something you feel you need. Ones that look like something different Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (Lenovo) Lenovo’s ThinkPad design, which dates back to when IBM still produced these laptops, has been around for decades. But this machine features a high-resolution 14-inch touchscreen that folds back to turn it into a tablet. It also has a fingerprint reader, and iffy battery life, according to The Verge. For $1,400, you get a 128 GB hard drive, 8 GB of memory, and that weird little red nub mouse thing that’s been on every ThinkPad computer ever. Lenovo Yoga 900 (Lenovo) Much like the other Lenovo Yoga on this list, this thin touchscreen laptop can contort itself into a tablet setup, but this one comes in a striking shade of bright orange, and doesn’t have the weird nubby mouse. For $1,150, you get a 13.3-inch screen, 8 GB of memory, and a 256 GB hard drive. (There’s also a newer 910 model that costs about $200 more for roughly the same specs and does not come in the same shade of orange, sadly.) Dell XPS 13 (Dell) Many publications, including The Verge, Wirecutter, and PC World, have called Dell’s laptop the “best” Windows computer out there. The screen is wonderfully sharp, and almost seems to bleed onto the edges of the device, as there’s almost no bezel around it. The body is a combination of aluminum and carbon fiber, and would not look out of place in a Christopher Nolan Batman film. The XPS 13 starts at a measly $800, and for that you get Intel’s newest processors, 4 GB of memory and 128 GB of storage. For $1,150, you can get the specs to match the MacBook Pro. Dude, you might be getting a Dell. Razer Blade Stealth (Razer) Gaming-computer company Razer has made some impressive laptops in recent years that are powerful enough to play some of the most processor-heavy video games on the market—something Apple has never striven to do. The Blade Stealth kind of looks like a metal version of the old plastic MacBooks, and for $1,600, you get the newest Intel chips, a 4K touchscreen, 512 GB of storage, and a whole bunch of ports. But you’d also be supporting a company that has recently made some very questionable marketing decisions. Replacements for Apple apps One of macOS’s main selling points over the years has been the suite of (relatively) simple-to-use and often free software that comes bundled with Mac computers. There aren’t direct correlations on Windows, but here are a few programs that could replicate some of the most-used Apple apps: iTunes. There aren’t a whole lot of decent music management programs out there in 2016 (and even iTunes isn’t all that great), but you can use iTunes on Windows machines if you’re sticking with your iPhone. If, however, you want a clean break from Apple, Google’s music management service, Google Play Music, is pretty great. Follow these instructions, and Google’s music manager will trawl through your computer and upload all the music on your hard drive for free, up to 50,000 songs. There’s also always Windows Media Player, but that’s never really been a great choice. Photos. Windows comes with a built-in ability to manage photos, but if you want something a bit more powerful, you can subscribe to Adobe Lightroom for $10 per month. Otherwise, again, Google offers a powerful free solution, called Google Photos. There are Android and iOS apps, as well as a website that lets you upload and catalogue every photo you’ve ever taken, and search them using regular words. You can search for your photos of “cats” or “taxi” or “food” or “France,” and it’ll find all the photos that fit that description using AI. Google Photos also allows users to upload an unlimited number of photos and videos in HD, though not the full resolution of the photo. Yahoo’s Flickr offers a similar service, with 1 TB of photo-storing space for free. iWork (Pages, Numbers, Keynote). This one should be pretty easy to replace: For office productivity software, the unsurprising choice is Microsoft Office. You can buy a home edition online for about $120, or subscribe to Office 365 for about $70 per year, which gives you access to your documents in the cloud (with 1 TB of storage), and auto-updating desktop apps. There are also far cheaper options out there, such as Google Docs, whose web apps work about 90% as well as their Microsoft or Apple counterparts. GarageBand. This is one small area where the Mac ecosystem really shines, as there aren’t many great inexpensive replacements on Windows. You could get an emulator to try to run the Mac program on a Windows computer, but I wouldn’t recommend that. If you’re just looking for a simple voice recording tool, there are options like Audacity, which works exceedingly well for what it does. For more complex projects, there’s the open-source LMMS, which is maintained by a group of engineers for free. Stagelight 3, which looks very similar to GarageBand, costs $10 for the basic software, or $50 for the full package. There’s also more professional software like Abelton Live, which ranges from $100 to over $700. iMovie. Similar to Garageband, there aren’t any direct correlations between Windows and Mac for hobbyist movie-makers. Microsoft does make a program called Movie Maker that is not wholly unlike iMovie, but a version for Windows 10 hasn’t officially been released yet. There are free options like avidemux and the VSDC video editor. If you want something with the utility of iMovie, you’re likely going to have to pay for software like Adobe Premiere, which you can purchase as part of a $20-a-month or $50-a-month subscription bundle from Adobe. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Define your site main menu How to Reset a BIOS Password On PCs, the BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) is updatable computer firmware designed to initialize the computer during start prior to handing control to the operating system. Due to the sensitive nature of the system settings controlled by the BIOS, a password can be set by either the computer manufacturer or the end-user. Some of the most common BIOS producers include AMI, AWARD, IBM, and Phoenix with many manufacturers making their own changes to the firmware prior to selling a computer on the open market. The common methods to reset BIOS password include: Generating a BIOS password using a hash code, entering a backdoor BIOS password, reset the BIOS password using software, reset the BIOS password using hardware, and resetting the BIOS password with vendor specific solutions. How Does the BIOS Work? The computer BIOS is the first programming code executed by a PC when the machine is rebooted or turned on. The computer firmware conducts a power-on self-test of the system which is responsible for identifying system hardware and initializing components such as the CPU, hard drive(s), RAM, video card, mouse, and keyboard. Once the initialization task is complete, the BIOS checks the boot devices in order of configured preference (traditional default setting is the computer’s hard drive). The boot loader software is executed by the BIOS once located, and control of the computer is then passed to the operating system. Functionality that can be changed by the end-user through the BIOS user interface (UI) include setting the system clock, enabling or disabling system hardware, configuring hardware, enabling or setting passwords, and choosing the order of boot devices. Although the BIOS was originally stored on a ROM (read only memory) chip on the computer’s motherboard, today’s computers will store the firmware in flash memory or EEPROM chips that can be updated after the computer has been sold. Once Intel started producing chips for use on non-PC hardware such as Macintoshes, a successor to the legacy BIOS system was required and is called the Extensible Firmware Interface (EFI). Although EFI provides a number of improvements over the traditional BIOS, it has not yet gained market dominance on PC’s. Is There a BIOS on Mac OS X? Prior to the production of Mac computers using x86 or Intel chips during the later portion of the 2000’s and their use of EFI, OpenFirmware was the BIOS equivalent on all Macintosh computers. OpenFirmware provides similar functionality on a Mac as the BIOS and EFI do on other computing systems. It conducts tasks such as locating attached or installed hardware and uses environment variables to direct the boot process for the Mac. To access the interface for OpenFirm, press the power button on the mac for about 10 seconds. While pressing the power button, simultaneously depress the “CMD,” “OPT,” “O,” and “F” keys once you hear an audible “chime.” Once you are done with the required modifications in OpenFirmware, exit the interface by typing “bye”, “boot”, or “mac-boot” (depends on the version of Mac computer you are using) followed by pressing the “return” key. How to Rest a BIOS Password By Using a Hash Code A lot of the major computer manufacturers use a master password generated from a hash code to reset the master BIOS password. This hash code is normally calculated from a unique equipment identifier such as the Serial Number, Service Tag, System ID, or Express Service Code. On many brands of computer, the identifying code will be displayed after the BIOS password has been entered incorrectly three times in a row. On other brands, it may be printed on the computer. On some HP models of computer, the hash code will only display if the “F2” or “F12” keyboard function key is press prior to entering the incorrect password a third time. A free service provided by Tech FAQ (other websites will charge you) is our BIOS password generation tool. The tool is designed to make a BIOS password that will work on many computer brands to include: Compaq, Dell, Fujitsu-Siemens, HP, Samsung, and Sony models. The tool has also worked for many white-label PC’s running Phoenix or Insyde BIOS. Tech-FAQ.com recommends end users that desire to reset the BIOS password for their respective computer try the hashcode generator before paying another company money to conduct the same task. Many times, third party companies will simply charge individuals upwards of $40 USD to obtain the same information provided for free here: BIOS Password Generator Tool Following generated passwords may help: Some Dell laptops and computers require you to press CTRL + Enter and on some is enough to just press enter Finding the Backdoor BIOS Password In addition to creating a BIOS password from a hash code, a number of BIOS manufacturers also implement an explicit backdoor password. This password will work regardless of the presence of a manually set BIOS password. The primary purpose of a manufacturer’s backdoor BIOS password is for maintenance and testing evolutions. These passwords are changed periodically by the respective company and success will vary across brand and age of computer. The reported BIOS backdoor passwords to date include: Manufacturer BIOS Password AMI A.M.I., AAAMMMIII, AMI?SW , AMI_SW, BIOS, CONDO, HEWITT RAND, LKWPETER, MI, Odor, and PASSWORD. Award BIOS ,01322222, 589589, 589721, 595595, 598598 , ALFAROME, ALLY, ALLy, aLLY, aLLy, aPAf, award, AWARD PW, AWARD SW, AWARD?SW, AWARD_PW, AWARD_SW, AWKWARD, awkward, BIOSTAR, CONCAT, CONDO, Condo, condo, d8on, djonet, HLT, J256, J262, j262, j322, j332, J64, KDD, LKWPETER, Lkwpeter, PINT, pint, SER, SKY_FOX, SYXZ, syxz, TTPTHA, ZAAAADA, ZAAADA, ZBAAACA, and ZJAAADC. Russian Award BIOS %øåñòü ïpîáåëîâ%, %äåâÿòü ïpîáåëîâ Phoenix BIOS BIOS, CMOS, phoenix, and PHOENIX. VOBIS & IBM merlin Dell Dell Biostar Biostar Compaq Compaq Enox xo11nE Epox central Freetech Posterie IWill iwill Jetway spooml Packard Bell bell9 QDI QDI Siemens SKY_FOX SOYO SY_MB TMC BIGO Toshiba Toshiba How to Reset the BIOS Password Using Software A popular option for end users to reset the BIOS/CMOS password is to use third party software. CmosPWD  is a free application that can be used to retrieve and decrypt the BIOS password. It also provides backup, restoral, and erasing capabilities. The program is proven to work with the following BIOS types: ACER/IBM BIOS AMI BIOS AMI WinBIOS 2.5 Award 4.5x/4.6x/6.0 Compaq (1992) Compaq (New version) IBM (PS/2, Activa, Thinkpad) Packard Bell Phoenix 1.00.09.AC0 (1994), a486 1.03, 1.04, 1.10 A03, 4.05 rev 1.02.943, 4.06 rev 1.13.1107 Phoenix 4 release 6 (User) Gateway Solo – Phoenix 4.0 release 6 Toshiba Zenith AMI   How to Reset the BIOS Password By Removing the CMOS Battery One of the most common methods to reset the BIOS password is to remove or discharge the battery on the computer’s motherboard. If the power to the battery is lost or drained, the BIOS configuration will be reset to the factory state with no password. System settings made to the BIOS will also be lost. Step 1 – Turn off the computer and ensure it has no external power (ie unplug the power cable. If it has a battery, remove it). Step 2 – Open the computer’s case or box. Step 3 – Locate the computer’s motherboard and look for the white silver button battery on the motherboard. Step 4 – If the battery is not soldered to the motherboard, remove it carefully and wait for approximately 30 seconds. Step 5 – Put the computer case back together and boot the computer. Step 6 – If the “CMOS Checksum Error-Defaults Loaded” error message is displayed, the BIOS password has been reset. In the event the CMOS battery is soldered to the computer’s motherboard, you will want to seek a different method to reset the BIOS password on the computer. Steps to Reset the BIOS Password Using Hardware If the CMOS battery is soldered to the computer’s motherboard, some brands will have a jumper located on the board that can be used to reset or clear the BIOS password. The location of the jumper on the motherboard will be contained in the motherboard documentation. If you can not find documentation on which jumper will reset the BIOS password, some users will guestimate on which jumper is the appropriate by choosing the one closest to the battery for reset. Another option is to short the points of the battery connection pins to the motherboard (when there is no power being applied to the computer). Steps to Reset the BIOS Password Using the Real Time Clock If attempts at resetting the CMOS battery through removal or by jumper fail, another method is to reset the Real Time Clock (RTC) Integrated Circuit (IC) on the computer’s motherboard. This method will work if the RTC requires an external battery. To reset, simply remove the RTC from the motherboard socket with no power available to the computer and reseat. The RTCs reported to require external batteries include: Dallas Semiconductor DS12885S TI benchmarq bq3258S Motorola MC146818AP Hitachi HD146818AP Samsung KS82C6818A If the RTC contains an integrated battery, it can typically be reset by shorting two of the pins for several seconds after power has been removed from the system. How to Reset the BIOS Password Using Vendor Specific Solutions Resetting a Dell BIOS Password For information on how to recover a Dell BIOS password, please refer to How do I reset Dell BIOS password? Resetting an IBM ThinkPad BIOS Password For information on how to recover an IBM Thinkpad BIOS password, please refer to How do I reset an IBM ThinkPad BIOS password? Resetting an IBM Aptiva BIOS Password Some IBM Aptivas can bypass the startup BIOS password if both mouse buttons are pressed repeatedly while booting the system. Resetting an Acer BIOS Password For information on how to recover an Acer BIOS password, please refer to How do I reset an Acer BIOS password? How to Turn Off the BIOS Password Once end-users obtain the master BIOS password for the target computer, a common task to accomplish is making the computer stop asking for the password when restarted or rebooted. Step 1 – Restart your computer. Step 2 – Press the BIOS access key during computer restart (F2 on many models, Tech-FAQ listing of common BIOS access keys). Step 3 – Use the keyboard arrow keys to locate the security tab in the BIOS setup. Step 4 – Locate the submenu that lists menu items similar to: Supervisor password is: set User password is: set Step 5 – Use the keyboard arrow key to navigate to the available options and press the first password setting. Step 6 – Enter the current BIOS password in the subsequently displayed menu prompt. Some BIOS types will ask for the password to be entered twice. Step 7 – Change the password setting to blank, not set, etc. Step 8 – Repeat steps 5-7 for the subsequent password options that indicate they are “set.” Step 9 – Navigate to the BIOS “exit” menu option and choose the “save changes” menu option. Step 10 – Continue to exit from the BIOS setup and restart your computer for the changes to take effect. Please use the password generator tool above before asking for password in the comments. Follow Us! Rate this article: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ How to Reset a BIOS Password, 3.79 / 5 (47 votes) You need to enable JavaScript to vote Mail this article Print this article Last updated 11 March, 2016. Related Posts BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) The computer BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) is found on Windows computers. The BIOS is the ... How to Reset an IBM ThinkPad BIOS Password An IBM ThinkPad laptop can have three hardware password sets: Power-On Password Hard Disk Password ... How to Upgrade BIOS A computer’s BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) is software that sets up the operating system by ... greenzone_560   Hey, idk about your toshiba laptop, but i have a Toshiba Satellite a665 s6070 i7 core…   anyhow, i forgot my pssword too…i looked around the intenet and couldnt find anything, prolly due to it being new.   so the way i reset it is:   1.take out the laptop battery   2. unscrew the lid off the prossesors thing…   3. take out both of the proccessors(or however many you have)   4. there will be a sticker under it, peel it off.   5. on the left hand side there should be two open connections, and by them it should say cmos   6.just take a small wire or a clip or something and connect them.   7.viola! youre done…put everything back together and youre done.   8.just start up the computer and press F2 and there is no pssword 🙂   -hope this helps at least someone, reply if helped   Insyde Man Have no Fear! No more opening the Case or Laptop !!! If you start your PC or Laptop and you are faced with the dreaded “Password” dialog after you pressed the F2 button. The Acer company or any other PC company is in the Business of making money.But they know how to fix the Bios Password Issue too. And I will show you how it is done. The Acer Boys use a DOS Software called “Bios Password Cleaner” It’s on a bootdisk that also has a HDD Lockout Password Generator on it. all you need to remove the Password is the Software. The name is “clnpwd.exe” How do you get it you ask? Here is what you do,and it’s so easy! I encourage you to do this: 1. Google it 2. look for a file called “clnpwd.zip” 3.If you can’t find it here is the link: hxxp://www.mediafire.com/?6g4v2q2yvo173q9 4. download it and unzip the file. 5. You find more Dos files in it that you can use if you want to make a Floppy Boot disk, but most PC’s don’t have a Floppy Drive anymore ,so you will need a Dos 7.1 Bootdisk. It is a MS-DOS 7.10 LiveCD / BootCD for BIOS Flashing Here is a link to the Dos 7.1 Bootdisk iso file: hxxp://depositfiles.com/files/5000144 Download the Password protected file and extract it with Password “123” 1. Use an ISO image editor to open the ISO file (I use UltraISO). 2. Place all your DOS File “clnpwd.exe into the FLASH folder. You may want to delete the folder’s contents first. 3. Burn ISO image to disc. 4. Boot directly to disc. 5. Select option 1 to launch MS-DOS. 6. When “A:\>” appears, type “C:”. 7. When “C:\>” appears, type “cd FLASH\” 8. When “C:\FLASH\>” appears, type:”clnpwd.exe” 9. Follow the on screen instructions to delete the Supervisor and or User Password by pressing 1 or 2. Now reboot your PC and when you press F2 the Password dialog will not appear. “A message given in Fear holds little Truth.” “A message given in Love leads you to the Answer.” Dogbert Laptops are little bit more tricky: in most cases, there isn’t a reset jumper or a working default password. Still, most vendors have implemented bypass mechanisms which I reverse-engineered: http://dogber1.blogspot.com/2009/05/table-of-reverse-engineered-bios.html Ron so Toshiba posts on their web site that commonly the computer will not start due to a password reset issue on the cmos. They state they will no longer repair this under warranty and charge 170.00 for the cmos reset password. Something is wrong with this. Nobody informed us of this issue before we spent our money even though they knew of it.  We appreciate all you have done to help us but short of some Toshiba tech recognizing that the company is acting in poor confidence therefor volunteering the password under the table, I think we have a new target for the kids to shoot at. I will never again support Toshiba. yours in disgust Ron Adam Hi Ron, I’m a broke college student experiencing the same difficulties with toshiba. My laptop is a huge part of my life since so much of our class work needs to be done through the Internet. If you could please help me that would be amazing! My e-mail address is Adam.condon@wallawalla.edu. I attend Walla Walla University in Washington state Thank you for your consideration, Adam Condon Patrick Peacock This worked for me. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCPdsF0HjkY. Laptop was pre loaded with Vista  and bios was password protected. I followed directions on my link and it worked like a charm. Then once booted up nothing but a black screen with a blinking cursor at top left. I then tried to use recovery cd’s to restore but would quit responding on disc one. I then used XP Pro to wipe drive and loaded new partition with XP Pro. My next step then was to use the Vista recovery cd’s again and this time it.   worked. I’m thinking made some registry problems and wiping then putting XP pro fixed and allowed for a clean recovery from cd. Hope this may help someone 🙂   BTW my laptop was not same model as his in video but was lucky enough to have same setup from which i believe would be the case with most models. Limonta fujitsu lifebook v1020, i forget autenticated user passw on bios, please help me, I try to remove cell batery, but still the bios phoenix trustedcore user authenticated prompt. Tks and help me!!!!! jessey cerrillo I have a toshiba satellite A305 and I ‘ve seen that many people have the same problem that I have….bios password activated by error, I send it to repair to the geek squad guys…”they should be called the reapers squad guys….they are charging me 335,73….hehhehe what a joke they are… ” to remove it , or better say erase it…anyways that things its that they said that they need to change the mother board……hehehhehe . those guys are a joke….I rather put the lop top in the garbage…..bye toshiba ….you just loose another customer…..toshiba lop tops are good but you ….toshiba tech guys and Geek squad are a joke……shame on you… adam richardson hi i have managed to sort the problem today, i did get an error code just saying system disabled. for future reference if anyone else has the same problem all i had to do is reset the cmos battery by placing a screwdriver tip over the two conacts labelled rct rest by the memory module and hey presto.. thanks for your help as i only managed it by reading a few pointers on here Demetrius I don’t know if this will help anyone, but I had to reimage my Gateway M- Seris laptop. It now has a BIOS password. Tried all the forum backdoor passwords to no avail. Finally, I just started entering random default passwords. It has a PhoenixBios. 1234 worked for me. Hope it can help someone else. George BIOS/RTC. If you have a non-resettable RTC try putting the IC (NOT THE WHOLE PC!) in the freezer for 12hrs. This works with Texas Instruments RTCs but shoul;d work with any with an internal battery. The cold causes the battery to supply insufficient current to maintain the settings. Allow the IC to warm up naturally before re-installing nicoletta hi, my laptop is hp probook 6560b 4CZ1360VXS hassani TOSHIBA SATELLITE A100-301 MODEL NO.PSAA(E-0PR043N5 SERIAL NO.Z6123562Q Hello please respond to the request if it all started with david please i need help i got 2 laptop from **** with bios password i cant loggin first – hp elitebook 8440p s/n: CZC0236KGY p/n: VQ669E#ABD tag : 3y/3y/0y second – hp elitebook 8440p s/n: CZC0242RKQ p/n: VQ669EA#ABD tag : 3y/3y/0y Tanks in advance Will.Spencer David: The first is e0e17fgshi and the second is e0e17v7bs5. Jason Hi my kid was messing around with my Sony Vaio PCG-71912L laptop and accidently put a bios password on it and he can’t remember what he used, if I try it 3 times I get a code like this K786-V3RT-97HJ-8TH3 Can someone help me on this Thanks. Jason I just noticed I changed after I restarted now it says Key: 2rj6-d9h6-xvh3-v8xp I will leave it on until I hear form you. Thanks Wazzy Clef I’am in need of hardware instructions for clearing bios for Dell inspiron 1000 laptop with service Tag No:7TK0251. Thanks for your help. Will.Spencer Wazzy: Try these: gx1s31q1 4xdsqmrj 441DTLWwmfGi41N7 Wazzy Clef Thanks a lot Will. Ese Hi, Please can i have the BIOS password for a EN TM87 Packard bell laptop, the SNID number is 03722479816 and the serial no is lxbnl0200103736e1e1601. Thanks in advance Lotfi Hi ALL thank you for helpme to find the password for this machine HP 8440P serial: CZC0365Y85 Product :W954AV THX in advance Lotfi Will.Spencer Lotfi: Try e0e1fgqiuq. facebook_jorge.leggis hola, mi laptop es HP Compaq nc6400 s/n: CND7171GCD P/N: RX975EC#ABA Ajay Khule Hi, You can use “BIOS Password Generator Tool” present above in the article. nathanoliver Wow, thank you! Have a laptop that I am working on and someone locked down bios with password and disabled any other boot options. Seems any other method mentioned by Manufacturer didn’t want to work either as I believe the laptop has had a bad virus!. Acer Extensa 5620. Generator worked like a charm though! Allison Hi, I have a Toshiba Qosmio laptop and it’s always worked fine till recently, instead of starting up it goes straight to a screen that says ENTER PASSWORD: ______ … when pressing F2 during the initial startup it takes me to a similar page though it says “Phoenix SecureCore(tm) Startup Utility ENTER PASSWORD: _____ …” I’ve come to understand it’s asking of a BIOS password, but I have no way of disabling bios, and any password I’ve tried has failed me. Three failed attempts and the computer kicks me and shuts off. I’ve tried looking around the web for a few weeks now trying to figure it out, calling tech support etc and well nothing has worked. This is probably the most reliable page I’ve come too yet, but I’m still quite stuck. If there’s any way you can help please message me, I will be very grateful. — allisonbarbas@yahoo.com. Thanks! Daniel Memetic Have you tried the BIOS Password Generator Tool on the page below (box with a white background)? Instructions on how to use it are there too. farney4rump contact toshiba tell them you have an inherited fault. tell them they have a bios problem with your laptop.. they repaired mine as a goodwill gesture.. my laptop was 5 years old.. reason being by law you have 6 year gaurantee but have to prove after a year the fault is inherited at point of purchase. toshiba have a list on their web site with all models involved.. my model wasnt listed but they honoured the fault free at not cost. robotnik I just tried the “loopback” thing on my old Toshiba Satellite laptop (whose BIOS password I have no clue about…). I was very septical at first but I gave it a try,…. It worked! ivanpedrero I just want to say a big “thank you very much!!!” The “BIOS Password Generator Tool” saved my life. It works perfectly in a packrd bell easy note NJ31!!!! Thanks Again. Tony Smyth I’m a little confused. Using the generator above with different codes supplied by my Samsung N150 it keeps coming back with what I believe the BIOS password to be but each time it fails. If the code appears to confirm the password is correct are there any other suggestions? Thank you. As yet I have unable to satisfactorily short the RTC pins Will.Spencer With the Samsung N150, you have have to remove the CMOS battery from the motherboard and wait for a few minutes before replacing it. Robert Davidson Well, I have a Toshiba Satellite L755D-S5204 with insyde h2 bios. When I turn on the computer I tried pressing F2 or F12 to get to bios or the boot manager and instead I’m presented with a black background and a blue box that says ‘Enter Password’ After 3 attempts, it says ‘Verify error!! System is shutting down.’ Then it turns off. No hash codes or any error messages.Would greatly appreciate if anyone has a clue on how to fix this or go about fixing this so I can use my laptop again. Thank you! mehul ples help me my compaq420 bios passawad unlock ples.., help me lancelight I used the password hash generator to reset the bios password on a gateway p 7805u fx. I entered the bios pw incorrectly 3 times in order to bring up the hash (for me it was a 5 digit number), entered it into the hash generator here and used the “Phoenix generic” pw that was generated on the next reboot. It worked awesome, thanx much 😀 sheikh aakib hii… my laptop acer aspire 3620 is bios paasword protected…..how to i remove bios password ….plzzz help me.. thanks in advance tony i have the acer aspire 5920g need to get in to boot from dic but when i go to setup needs password 3 times comes up with 06895 can you halp Wazzy Clef How can I locate sony vaio VGN-NS230E laptop bios chip and how to disassemble the bios chip to remove bios boot password. Any advice will also help. Thanks for your help. Andrey Hi, i need a bios password for my HP EliteBook 2760p. Please Help Anon Ymous The hashcode generator worked PERFECT on the Samsung SF410 Entered in wrong password 3 times It displayed the hashcode BIGGITY BAM! YOU GUYS ARE MY HEROES! Alex Hi, Please can i have the BIOS password to HP Elitebook 8440p s/n:CND0240X6V, p/n: SJ780UC#ABA Thanks! Robert You guys are the greatest! Thanks so much for helping me get into my client’s Bios. now maybe i can fix this computer for her.. I hate to be the one telling that i cannot help and thanks to you guys i don’t have to. Jules Hi, Please can you help with the BIOS password for HP Elitebook 8470p s/n:CZC2481XV8, p/n: B2F95EC#ABA Thanks! Big Papa THE hashcode gen worked for my hp pavilion dv4000 it was the generic phenox that worked thanks guys :)) Alfred Onaghise I have a samsung NP300V5A notebook and I’ve tried three different passwords without luck. At the third attempt, a message is displayed -“system is disabled”. Below this message the following code is displayed: 2789C0600380315CD2 Please I’ll appreciate any help from you to enable me resolve this problem. Thanks timosthenes Excellent work! I had never tried to fix someones box that had phoenix on it…usually I pop in hirens and im done…Thank you so much! tofclaire Hello, I’ve tried your password generator tool but the result not work..It’s for a dell m20 : the screen ask password for #DCXNL1J-595B Thanks a lot for your help L. A. Cole I have an Acer Aspire 7741Z using a Phoenix SecureCore Setup Utility. I used your BIOS Password Generator Tool and it worked on the first attempt upon entering the checksum/hash number. Thank you. Tonic Hello, execuse my english, I need reset password to my HP Compaq nx9005 s/n: C NF34423BZ p/n: DJ260A#AKB Service tag: Cnx9005UA180X430WC N25H Keys “F2” “F12” cannot display Hash Code I tried find jumper on mainboard to reset, I tried remove battery for 20days Can you help me? Thanks Tonic Another specification: Phoenix BIOS 4.0 Release 6.0 HP Notebook PC BIOS Version KAM1.49 BIOS version KT3R T3B71 T3A Rockstar Hi…MAN is my laptop driving me CRAZY !!! I’ve got a BIOS password I can’t break !! I’ve been scrolling, clicking and threading myself to a state of delirium!! Please help me..I have sought out such programs w/ no results..Here is my laptops info.. Samsung NP-SF510-BA68-05408A Service Tag..( I think ) BA68-06297A 11 S/N….CNBA5902849ABIH409C2419 I don’t see anything else..Please see what you can do..234tgf@gmail.com Rockstar OMG !!! It worked !!! I didn’t see option to try it here earlier..just was grazing around not doin much…and there it was..so I typed in my info and…. FAG !!! My password was “FAG” Unfaggin believable !!! Thanx dude !! Donald Weston I have been MONTHS trying to remember (and try) what the pass was for the Phoenix BIOS on a Gateway MX6447. I have been frustrated to death. And I stumbled on your hashcode generator. Worked immediately. GFL!!! A thousand thanks, guys!! And I WAS almost prepared to pay $35 to some company on the net to do the same 10-second task for me. I REALLY appreciate your help. DanielMemetic Awesome! You’re welcome! Jadin S/n: 78293728W I can’t seem to find anything else that you can enter. Ibrahim Younis plz a lost my bios password for Samsang 900X3C serial number is HWU591GCA00015B and the message is 1A0219AD21B99C6000 i have tried the password generator tool but nothing happend Per Person hello. can somebody please help me? been searching google for 4 days now…. im about to give up:( i have a laptop. it is a hp probook 6360b, witch i can`t bootcd or usb from, and need a pw to get in bios to change boot settings. i have removed the small battery under the keyboard but still the same. after typing 3 passwords i get an on screen keybord and have tried pressing f2 and f12, but no hash code or nothing. i have tried to change both hard drive and ram but no change. and so, please! please somebody help me!? Bigupp all the way from Norway!!! if someone can help me with this problem:) Here is all the information i can find on the system info: notebook model: hp probook 6360b product number: wy546av#abn serial number: 2ce12400j4 universal unique identifier: 814e740bf594e011b40148c259000047 asset tag: (blank) warranty start date: 00/00/0000 system configuration id: A0001D02 system board id: 1621 system board CT: PCCJK1B2H0T24O bios revision: 68SCE Ver. F.03 bios date: 04/27/2011 keyboard controller revision: 97.40 Processor type: intel(r) Core(tm) i3-2310m cpu MicroCode Revision: 14 squidbillier first try worked.. thank you so much. very helpful for laptops and you don’t want to take it a part. thanks you very much marshall hi I have dell latitude E6420 and tag is 52hjgs1 and i need hard drive password, hope you can help. thanks a bunch if you can another toshiba guy i also have a toshiba satellite (l300) and i have the same problem: there’s no hash code or message, it also shuts down after 3 attempts. it seems like some 50 people who passe by this site have or had the smae problem, as anyone any clue of what might solve it? another toshiba guy since it was removed, ill repeat my previous message: as everyone else with a toshiba, i have this problem: i can’t find the hash codes or error message i need. the laptop just shuts down, similar to what Robert Davidson decribed. It would help if – instead of deleting a message from someone who needs help (years of work in that thing) – you, what’s the word, helped. is it spam to note that toshiba users still have no clue of how to handle the mess? Please, help me (and others like me) if you can ps: the user name is “another toshiba guy” because i thought many of the unsolved problems exposed here were from people with toshibas, am i wrong? is is spam to have such a name? i don’t know the etiquette in these things. forgive me if it is spam or in any if it anoys anyone. I just want to be able to enter my old pc again DanielMemetic Comment wasn’t removed. It’s still below. Perhaps there’s a Service Number on the back of the laptop you could check? We aren’t official tech support. We provide hopefully useful and helpful content, and try to help with questions in the comments. We also read comments for feedback to improve our articles. Perhaps it would be a good idea to contact Toshiba or their representative about this issue? GONEIL There is a combination of key strokes necessary to display a challenge code on a Toshiba,have done it before but can’t remember.I found the info via Google ie get/find challenge code etc… WillSpencer Apparently it’s [ESCAPE] and then [F1] on some Toshiba’s and [CONTROL][TAB][CONTROL][ENTER] on others. Skyjaxxx Hello! I have an Acer 5320 with the password of bios that prevents me from reinstalling windows and makes the PC unusable. I entered the error code result after 3 entries in the dialog refused BIOS Password Generator Tool, and with the generated code I unlocked the bios on the first attempt. Now I’m installing Windows. A thousand times thank you! Jim Dell Inspiron BIOS reset = Worked Like a Charm!!!! Thank you so much! After 3 months of tinkering I tried your BIOS reset and now I have a laptop that actually works Scott Heffner Thank you sooo much! been working on this laptop for months and until i found your site i was lost. first password this page generated worked!! sherrie Dove Hi, everyone I’m having a problem with my daughters inspiron1018 mini dell tag #241c4r1 she got it for the school program, where if your poor and get free lunches in school you get this laptop for $65.00. Daniel maybe you can help? it says to enter an HDD password. WillSpencer Sherrie: Our password generator says to try these: if59hdat ey4v4ie9 1cDdeDWEWMEQeaIL Robtronic Dell Latitude E6420: CKCCFS1-1D3B Generator dosnt seem to work for this one.. Any got any guesses? WillSpencer Have you tried just the first part of that number? It generates these passwords: kn1s1wiq z7q4vb7o yZzXJedHjR4C56a7 WillSpencer Robtronic: That’s an Express Service Code. The generator needs your Service Tag. I rewrote the text above to make this more clear. tazpaul hello , I have tried the above generator but it wont do anything , just keeps showing what I typed in. #93v0ch1-595b. any help please thanks WillSpencer tazpaul: It is showing me this: lotra658 GONEIL Hi,no action in the generator with Vaio VGN-CS36GJ challenge code DT2D-XKR7-J8TF-3R96 that I have entered.Help appreciated,thanks WillSpencer I don’t think that the generator will work with news Toshiba’s. You’ll likely have to call Toshiba tech support and give them the Challenge Code. What is the model number of your Toshiba? Limonta i have fujitsu lifebook v1020, i forget autenticated user passw on bios, please help me, I try to remove cell batery, but still the bios phoenix trustedcore user authenticated prompt. Limonta hellp me with that laptop, please!!!! my bios dont have failed code H3llas What error does it say: System disabled… some number, which number? Limonta not system disabled error display, only after 3 time write bad password, on screen display “User Authentication failed, The number of authentication retries has been exceeded,the System has been halted” and continuously beep active. Please help me, my friend H3llas This is from your computer user manual: Remember your passwords! If you set and forget your User and Master hard disk passwords, Fujitsu Computer Systems will not be able to reset it. You may lose data and have to replace your system board or hard disk drive. Though it looks like some people found workaround http://www.bestlaptoprepair.com/productshow.asp?smallclassid=2&id=14740 Bad thing is it is not free. I am clueless without having hand on your specific model. Limonta H3llas my friend, here is all the specification of my laptop: Lifebook V Series Model: V 1020 Product No: FPC03257AK Part No: CP352920 Reg No: V 1020 You are my latest hope, help me and Tks. H3llas That is much newer laptop, Sony probably changed password algorithm. Did you tried contacting support? joe i had a message that system protection failure how do i go about it? WillSpencer What was the exact message? Where did it appear? joe am loosing laptop toshiba statellite pro A120 WillSpencer Joe: What was the exact message? Where did it appear? babak help me hdd password??? laptop dell L502X EROOR PASS:08070 S SERVIS TAGE:BF38YP1 WillSpencer Babak: Please try these passwords and let us know the results: 3remobq1 dlibh9sg 2XSwQ6K3a2k2V74j mike you`re a legend,you just saved me about 3hrs taking laptop apart to try cmos battery removal.thanks so much Krishna Please help me..My model is Samsung RV410. when i enter hashcode in generate, it doesn’t show anything…. WillSpencer In that case, you’ll either have to contact Samsung for the code or open your PC to find the pins to short. SALEH Hi, i need a bios password for my ASUS S400CA VIVO WillSpencer Saleh: With your ASUS, it looks like you’ll have to open up the notebook and use the Clear CMOS jumper. Unfortunately, the at ASUS do NOT include instructions on how to do this in the User Manual: http://dlcdnet.asus.com/pub/ASUS/nb/S400CA/E7598_eManual_S400CA.pdf So… you’ll either have to open up the device and look around or you’ll have to contact ASUS support. AHM I forgot Bios password I need reset Password samsung NP355E4X-A02MY SN: HYA498FCAA53KPP System disabled 57C818894D68993000 please Help ahm10000@gmail.com WillSpencer Ahmed: Neither of those codes seems to be generating a password. Our generator worked with Samsung PC’s in the past. It *may be* that Samsung has changed their BIOS password algorithm. Unfortunately, Samsung did not publish a decent manual with this notebook. Here’s all we get: http://downloadcenter.samsung.com/content/UM/201303/20130314150729559/Dos_Manual_eng.pdf Because of this, the options are either to open the notebook and look for a RTC reset jumper or to call Samsung support. Macius Please, generate a password Phoenix BIOS 1.04 for Laptop Active Book L55RI0 or L55R10 After entering the password three times, an error pops block number: The Disabled [65534] Motherboard Model: HannStar J MV-4 94V-0 0737 WillSpencer Macius: I’m not familiar with that model. You’ll have to figure out how to coax a hash code out of it. Then, you can put that hash code into the BIOS password generator above. Who is the manufacturer of that device? Macius Active Book is a manufacturer and it comes from China has ARNO How to extract hash code? perhaps what is says on the label tailgate Laptop: 63GL55015-20 CM-2 SZSL55RI074400122 <—barcode WillSpencer Neither of those are recognized by our BIOS password generator tool. You might be able to get a hash code by entering the wrong password three times. Macius [65534] WillSpencer That’s the error number, not the hash. 🙁 dennis help me generate a Bios password for Dell latitude D52 service tag; HC9BG2J express service code; 377-465-444-11 WillSpencer Dennis: Did you try our BIOS Password Generator Tool above? It generated these BIOS passwords for you: 08ycukr2 iuoxgq1d lkt6O283VR4d58WD Walisson Silveira Please help me! Password for Toshiba Satellite M115 – S3094 SYSTEM UNIT MODEL NO. PSM0U-015007 SERIAL NO. Y6348914Q Thank you so much! WillSpencer Toshiba’s can be tough. Here is our article specifically on Toshiba’s: http://www.tech-faq.com/reset-toshiba-bios-password.html You’ll likely end up opening your Tosh to try to locate the CMOS battery. To do that, start at Toshiba Support for documentation: http://support.toshiba.com/support/modelHome Flying Boy I need a bios code for Bios A14. and service tag F661BL1 WillSpencer Try these passwords generated from your Service Tag: 8i0o6j4r hkr9ubpc 2dCNoWmyN3322T7g Mikeuccino Help Please! Password for Advent 7113. After 3 failed attempts at the password a message comes up saying “System Disabled [05071]”? WillSpencer Probably you will have to open the case and short the CMOS chip. Advent supplies a user manual for the 7113 on the “Notebook Utility CD” that came with your system. Do you have that CD? Advent doesn’t seem to have a web site where you can download the manual, but since the Advent 7113 is just a rebranded Uniwill L5II you can download the manual here: http://www.uniwill.com/UserDownload/l51ii/l51ii.php Emilio Cerón Excuse me. For unlock BIOS ‘One Time Password’ of Sony Vaio Model VPCZ110GL? WillSpencer Emilio: What is the code that your Sony prints after you enter the password incorrectly three times? Put that code into our tool above and it will generate a working password for your Sony. omar PLZ COD BIOS BELL latitude X1 le cod is : #3KK8D2J-595B WillSpencer Omar: Can you post a screenshot of your Service Tag? Your Service Tag should be a 7 digit number. If your Service Tag is ‘3KK8D2J’, try these passwords: pzy9xucc iz91qb08 tYN52UGCbqgYaB1z Will Matt I need to locate CMOS jumper for Toshiba A355-S6935 since the battery is soldered, I need to reset CMOS jumper. I’ve located the battery as in the immage below, but I don’t know where the jumper is. Thank you WillSpencer Instead of searching for a jumper, I’d remove the battery to delete the BIOS settings. Read the article section “How to Reset the BIOS Password By Removing the CMOS Battery” for tips. Matt Well, I didn’t want to unsoldered it. Anyway, thank you for your suggestion. WillSpencer Ahh… from the picture I could not see that it was soldered on — it looked like it was held on just by a pressure clip. How about shorting the points of the battery connection pins to the motherboard (when there is no power being applied to the computer)? Matt I did unsoldered the battery and solder it back… and also shorting the battery points, but didn’t work. Still my laptop is “dead” WillSpencer What do you mean “dead”? Matt Won’t power on. WillSpencer I am confused. “Won’t power on” is not a symptom of a BIOS password problem. Matt IT was working fine until I started to update BIOS and it took a long time. I left it on the table and when I came back it was off. Since then, it won’t turned on anymore. WillSpencer The common slang for systems which crash during BIOS updates is “bricked”. It means the motherboard is now “functional as a brick”. I see a replacement motherboard on eBay for $68.95: http://www.ebay.com/itm/NEW-Toshiba-Satellite-A350-A355-Intel-Motherboard-K000069530-KTKAA-LA-4571P-/390592312203 H3llas Try this: look for the B500 or XXX jumper, it should be somewhere around ram memory. Short one of those out for a couple of second… Those worked on old Toshibas. Matt I will try this one as the last attempt to power on my laptop. Thank you for your suggestion. H3llas Since you can’t power on your laptop, judging about comments bellow, I can say this will not work for sure. If your computer stuck while updating bios then you will need professional help to fix it. Oinam My laptop is singtech i forgot bios password and hash code is F34D5973 , plz tell me the password WillSpencer Oinam: Try 14415100. H3llas Hmm. I think that one is tricky. You will need bios password unlock chip for it. Try searching on ebay, you can find those for 15-30$. Paul Help me with my HP MINI code is CNU8471RX7 H3llas Did you tried one of these: e9luvx3b4x e9luvx3brx bearklan I cant find hash code on the back of acer aspire one zg5 and when I enter password incorrectly 3 times, it just tells me: (system will halt!! press any key) Thanks in advance for any help.I will continue researching more..been this netbook for the past 2 years off and on. thank fully I am on work comp so now I have plenty of time. WillSpencer bearklan: Please refer to our Acer BIOS Password page for details: http://www.tech-faq.com/how-do-i-reset-an-acer-bios-password.html Marko Zivkovic I have Fujitsu Siemens Amilo pa2510 . I was try to reset paword with jumpers and remove batery but nothing. Always says : pasword ! Bios is Phoenix ! I can`t go in Bios , and when skip bios , computer say again pasword ??? I also tried many combinations of the codes I found on the internet but nothing. Any comment is welcome . p.s. copmuter informations: L53RI0 P/N : 72G115266-70F SZXF3700-74603246 5323FBC1 00030D80CC52 H3llas Did you tried SKY_FOX password? Did you tried to short out jumpers when you turn on your notebook? Marko Zivkovic HI H3llas, SKY_FOX not work 🙁 Also i tried to short-on cmos jumer and start up laptop but same situation. When i start computer i got this screen (nr.1) . When i press setup i go to bios but need bios pasword : picture (nr.2) or when i go to resume i need other ( i dont know which) pasword.. When i try 3-times wrong pasword i got message: System Disabled 65534 ! I tried shortly to explain my problem ,thanks in advance for your patience.. 🙂 H3llas Does your Amilo has battery like in this video? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WSlvq2VMEgk Marko Zivkovic Yes, i just tried this metod feww times .. but same situations , after i again got screen like picture nr.1 … all is same … I slowly lose my temper . WillSpencer Marko: I’m confused. The picture you posted doesn’t show a BIOS password problem. It shows that your BIOS configuration has been lost. Press F2, confirm or configure your BIOS settings, and the message should disappear. Marko Zivkovic When i press F2 ,i got picture nr.2 , where need bios password . i cant configure or confirm BIOS because always looking paswswod. When i press F1 i got picture nr.3 . very strange 🙁 JAVIER DOMINGUEZ Best Regards friend I congratulate you as excente work. and I think you could help me, I have a samsung latop MODEL NP300E4C-A08CO and I need the password to enter the setup. Code: 1F73DB8D69B5B4DE00 thank you very much for helping me. blessings. WillSpencer Marko: You could also try the password from our password generator: 69944425 Marko Zivkovic Hello Will Yes i tried this pawsord …. Nothing… after 3 times i got message System Disabled 65534 . Do you know something about master or power-up pasword , maybe is that problem ? kayemi Hi i have a smsung n150 and the code is 46A00F988952000000 H3llas On a Samsung n150 netbook you reset the bios by shorting out small contacts called RTC Reset while you turning on your computer. Computer will then restart. RTC is located on the right side of the RAM memory utors as you can see on the picture. Another easier way is to remove battery and wait some time kayemi thank you it works Johnny D hey will.. i hav a toshiba sttllte a300 dat sumon borrwd and returnd wid sum sort of passwrd!? i hav data on d laptop dat hasnt been backd up and dnt wana pull it apart or hav incorrct attempts cz i.dnt wana lose anythn frm hd. cant find hashcode, dnt knw biosdesigner, Toshiba dsnt work, need help. wud b forevr gratful…. Johnny. model no.: PSAG0A-02Y009 serial no.: 58087713Q WillSpencer Johnny: Toshiba has always been a major hassle for BIOS password recovery. We have a page dedicated to Toshiba BIOS password recovery tricks, but… you’ll likely have to contact Toshiba support and they are likely to tell you that you will need to send your Satellite in for service. Our page: http://www.tech-faq.com/reset-toshiba-bios-password.html Their page: http://support.toshiba.com/ Mikeyg11111 Hey guys, Any help with my laptop, got a dell latitude e6430? Quite a new model and cant get past the pre windows boot up with the bios password H3llas Do you get any numbers when it get stuck on false passwords tries? What is the serial number and model number? mikeyg11111 No, no numbers when the password is wrong, but i get three attempts then the system boots down. Mikeyg11111 Mikeyg11111 The service tag is 3NXKRY1 but the message that comes up on the pre windows boot up is #3NXKRY-1D3B WillSpencer Mikeyg11111: Have you tried the auto-generated passwords: 8vmaa32l isa41tp2 zTb3cxZ5j3zs8Qi8 Adis Hello I have problem bios password with gericom laptop after 3 times entering wrong pass massage is: system disable (11552) i try generator, removing cmos batery but nosthing bios is phoenix 2.07 is there any chance for removing this pass H3llas Which Gericom model do you have? Adis supersonic force H3llas This worked on another version of Gericom so maybe you can try it: Disconnect your notebook from power. Keep cmos battery. Remove the RAM cover, and on the underlying DIP switch (S3) put switch number 4 to ON for about a minute. Adis this model dont have dip switches this is newer model with petium dual cpu T2050(i think) H3llas Hmm there is in total 12 supersonic models. Other then contacting support on consumercareg@gericom.com I am clueless for Gericom models. daniel Fantastic … for my Samsung 900x – hash OPEN worked, i was able to clear BIOS password some moron set on my laptop. Mickey please help samsung np-r519 only boots up to bios password it lets me put password in 3times and comes up with this code 232889FOA2OOOOOOOO WillSpencer Mickey: Are you sure that all of those are O’s and none of them are 0’s? If I convert the O’s to 0’s, I get a usable BIOS password for your machine. Your password is: tray Mickey omg thank you so much it worked your brilliant WillSpencer It’s good to hear that your PC is back in production! 🙂 Paul I have a Samsung NP300E5C with locked BIOS. The Hashcode after 3 times wrong password input is: 363A2BE68E00000000 Is there a masterpassword available? Thanks! Paul H3llas If you missed two zeros your password is: 30803080 Matt I’m looking for bio password for Dell E6230 Service Tag HKY6CS1 WillSpencer Matt: Have you tried these passwords which the BIOS password generator created from your Service Tag? 2d51f55v u3w2y1eo Slt15yJqvQNjE8Na lisas looking for password for bios for Samsung notebook np300v5a forgot how to get by password WillSpencer lisas: Try to get into the BIOS three times. Eventually it may give you a hash code that you can enter into our password generator tool above. If not, you’ll have to remove the CMOS battery or short a couple of contacts on the motherboard. Pedro I have a E-System 3089 UK with phoenix bios, can i get some help? The code after 3 attemps is 05703! Regards, Pedro WillSpencer Pedro: Our password generator tool above generated these passwords for you to try: jfz kzpjdan 628145 14733 98644 88644 15239 Pedro 15239, worked for me, so many thanks 🙂 Vladimir Is there a possibility to unlock the bios for dell e6520.I have the ability to go into Win 7, but ycan not access the BIOS to change ide in AHCI,Is there a tool with which I can reboot the bios from Windows or DOS.Thanks to everyone who answers,Sorry for the bad English.Vladimir WillSpencer Vladimir: Just enter your Dell Service Tag into our password generator here: http://www.tech-faq.com/reset-dell-bios-password.html Vladimir Will,thank you for answer, I tried but fail, my Service tag is 6MY6BS1. I tried : lno3wf31 thhedgzi 6IF00BL0QcQO9bu3 but without success, please, can you help me. Best regards Vladimir WillSpencer Vladimir: Unfortunately, if those don’t work you will have to call Dell Technical Support at (800)624-9896. WillSpencer Alternatively, if you’re comfortable opening your machine, take a look at page 35 of the E6520 Owners Manual. It should be easy to temporarily remove the coin cell battery, which will erase your CMOS settings. ftp://ftp.dell.com/Manuals/all-products/esuprt_laptop/esuprt_latitude_laptop/latitude-e6520_owner%27s%20manual_en-us.pdf Limonta i have fujitsu lifebook v1020, i forget autenticated user passw on bios, please help me, I try to remove cell batery, but still the bios phoenix trustedcore user authenticated prompt. Hellp me please Sorry my bad english Tks H3llas I was checking your manual and this is incredible: [quote] Remember your passwords! If you set and forget your User and Master hard disk passwords, Fujitsu Computer Systems will not be able to reset it. You may lose data and have to replace your system board or hard disk drive. [/quote] Anyway when you misstype password 3 times you get some message and code on Siemens computers? Can you get us those message and numbers you get? Limonta no message, only negative answer, im a sad person, after 3 times display a message User Authentication failed! and turn on the beep noise continuosly, please hellp me, im dead if the problem not solve, beacuse that notebook is from my boos. IM really dead. Any sugestion are well, any solution, perhaps hardware, i dont know. Hellp Me please!!! Limonta lets me tell you, i access too that user pass, but my boss, wont want that password when he access, and i configured blank password for all option on that, after that the prompt password for user bios, steel appears, and the old password are useless. I crazy with that machine. alex666ia Hi!!, I have a Samsung NP300E4C and I can’t unlock the BIOS password, I’ve tried many ways but none works:( Can you help me please!!, I got this: System Disabled! 1DB97BDA4C9C610000 WillSpencer Alex: What have you tried so far? That code doesn’t appear to be valid. Please check it, making certain to note which characters are O’s and which are 0’s. Also double-check 1’s and I’s. If the hash code can’t be sorted out, you’ll have to remove the CMOS battery or short a couple of contacts on the motherboard. darwin please dell e6420 #994x2q1-1d3b WillSpencer Darwin: What happened when you put that Service Tag into our Dell Password Generator Tool above? Did it show you these possible passwords for your Dell? For Service Tag: 994x2q1 2lzexmkb i1pb5czq i1A23f0qKbldGT0l For Service Tag: 994X2Q1 4s1ioz20 iyyhj3va do21n1jsGtJ09Vse Did you try them? What did you see? H3llas Can you try 62423080 or 20233080 tony Hi!!, I have a Samsung Samsung NP350E7C and I can’t unlock the BIOS password Can you help me please): System Disabled! 011ADC2731C434D6C0 thank you WillSpencer Tony: That doesn’t appear to be a valid hash code. Please check it, paying special attention to O’s and 0’s and 1’s and I’s. tony other hash code: 1768E6E4983143DA18 061ADC2731C434D6C0 200DB9C94C62346B06 331ADC2731C434D6C0 5586B9C92631A1DA81 Thank you H3llas Can you try these: 39230323 43000595 69456820 73506879 tony He does not work none of your codes Other hash code 4686B9C92631A1DA81 Thank you H3llas I think you will need pre-programmed bios chip soldered to your motherboard. There are people selling those chips online. Other then that maybe you can contact Samsung support or a store where you bought it for warranty. H3llas p.s. Does your model have RTC reset pins near the ram utors like on this picture. http://mediacdn.disqus.com/uploads/mediaembed/images/637/5314/original.jpg kimberely i used the tool above none worked for me… its a dell latitude 6410, i previously dismantled the whole system into several parts trying to find a specific chi to short, never found the thing, wild goose chase. I went to dell and they refuse to help me because ownership was never transferred last year when we purchased it from a private party…who I only know his first name and cannot seem to find anyone that knows his phone number…what can I do? also, do you know why a bios password would just appear after 8 months? H3llas What is the service tag for your Dell? Did you tried our Dell Bios Password generator at http://www.tech-faq.com/reset-dell-bios-password.html tj Hi, I’ve got a samsung R519 that is asking for a bios password. I tried 3 times and got the system disabled message with code 318C10060000000000 . I tried the generator and got 2 codes ‘Samsung’ and ‘p12’. Am I doing something wrong. I’ve tried both but they don’t work. Any assistance would be appreciated. H3llas It’s just p12. Do you get different code or the same one when the system is disabled next time? tj I got a different code the first time. It was 233201180000000000 but the generator gave me the same password p12 and it didn’t work tj Hi, Just got it sorted. The password ‘p12’ was correct. It was the keyboard that was faulty. I connected a usb keyboard and typed in the password ‘p12’ and it worked fine. The bios password has now been cleared. Thanks for the advice. H3llas Great to hear you sorted it out. Char Brown Hi I have a hp pavilion dv2000 and the disabled code is 01982 I brought off a person online and iv tryd to contact the for the password but they wont contact me back so if you cauld help me out that would be great WillSpencer Char: Try putting the serial number from your HP into our BIOS password generator. The serial number is printed on the underside of the notebook. If that doesn’t work, you’ll have to open your notebook and temporarily remove the CMOS battery. Instructions for doing so can be found in section 5-5 (page 125) of the HP Pavilion dv2000 Notebook PC Maintenance and Service Guide: http://h10032.www1.hp.com/ctg/Manual/c01035657.pdf Char Brown Willspencer..thank you I tried putting the serial number in and it came back with 2 codes but they r both too long..and the cmos battery is fastend to the laptop and I cant figure out how to get it off without breaking it WillSpencer Char: What is the serial number? The picture on page 125 of the service manual shows you how to remove the battery. Char Brown The serial number is 2CE64 H3llas How about these: HP/Compaq Mini Netbooks 7emgvx747b 7emgvx7r7b Santiago Hi I have an hp dv9000 that I rescued from a recycling plant. The bios is asking for a password at start and the pass word genorater generated a code that was too long my S/N is CNF645258N Pleas help me as I need this for school. jeandedieu shonda i need a password this tag service: #BP4MRY1-1D3B please me. my PC is DELL LATITUDE E6430 H3llas Did you tried any of the passwords our tool generated: nnnnneee t9t54eek ing8or0e kLtjVuu2Dhz53w7K v3dtau6d Try typing those with external QWERTY keyboard. Jay Jay anyone know the bios password for a advent 7302- model number:AL-096 No # code comes up with bios password at all. H3llas It looks like that model is writing password on EEPROM. This means that you can clear it if you can boot from CD or to OS. Try getting Ultimate Boot CD iso and burn it on CD. It used to have few password clear tools. Jay Jay Thanks, i actually put a new hard drive in with vista preloaded so can just go on it that way have now got the password taken off was a real pain as normally this is no issue for me, very greatful for the help 🙂 Donald Watson hi there I have a Lenovo ideapad z850 please could you help me I forgot my bios password my s/n – qb05036340 and p/n – 59338534 would be much apriciated H3llas What is the service tag for that Dell? Donald Watson Hi its A Lenovo idepad Z850 please tell me you can help me? KMCTech My Dell E6420 has code: 5W33VR1-1D3B, I need some help, please post answer, thanks, KMC H3llas Try one of these: kjzg8kkx ivhq87cd 1qiwID6tMJQYn1NG dj646a88 CKdelta Delta 6 DAYS AGO , THIS WORK AND GOOD FOR MY BIOS,THANK YOU (y) Kenneth Merritt Customer has a satellite l755d-s5150, I have removed the battery, cmos battery and shorted g2 with no success. Can you help me to figure how to reset the bios. I am 2 days into this with no luck H3llas Can you see are there two small contact near each other somewhere around bios chip. If yes shorten them out for a few seconds and see did it worked? kamil33 Dell E6330 #JSSPX1-1D3B kamil33 Hello I hope all of this site to help unlock code in the device with all the best Dell E6330 #JSSPX1-1D3B H3llas Are you sure this is correct number? kamil33 #JSSPNX1-1D3B kamil33 I’m sorry that the correct number and I hope to reconcile DELL E6330 #JSSPNX1-1D3B H3llas Can you try these: veoho429 he6v2a8n rGwgbt9h6B0WL3oJ hrerodtb flamur hello,i need your help with my fujitsu amilo Xi2528-P75IM0 with this hashcode 14542 H3llas Does these works: Fujitsu-Siemens Phoenix 2294 Fujitsu-Siemens (model L) Phoenix 2285477 Fujitsu-Siemens (model P) Phoenix 5244 Fujitsu-Siemens (model S) Phoenix 5649 Fujitsu-Siemens (model X) Phoenix 633779 kamil33 Hello my brother, I thank you for the effort and the secretary succeeded in Largo Open More #JSSPNX1-1D3B Slave Hey there. i have an HP probook 4510s. i havent used for 2 years. now i am using it, but dont rembmer my password. is there a backdoor password? H3llas Does your BIOS give any error code when you hit wrong password 3 times? dan Great site – Can you help me with this one….Samsung slate tablet PC: 46B65B888DC7885FC6 I can’t get the tool above to return any values…Thanks!!!! H3llas What bios does that thing have? Marius If some one could help. My system disabled code is 08018. Phoenix BIOS. Advent k100 Laptop. Big thanks. Generator doesn,t work. kamil33 Hello my brother, I hope you have Almsaeidi in the open in your code Hdd-0 Hard-drive #50853645324-1D3B H3llas Can you please rephrase your sentence? Nijanthan Nija hi frnds i also have the same problem my service tag is BD8XVS1-1D3B Any one pls help how to remove this Matt Just wanted to say Bios password Generator worked fine. Thank you so much for providing a useful to people for free. kamil33 Hello, my brother in Hardsk Kudo please help Hard-drive #50853645324-1D3B Dell E6330 H3llas Your service tag looks wrong. pierjfrantz I forget my password bios asus X401a kamil33 Hard-drive #50853645324-1D3B Jessica Could someone please help me ? Dell Latitude E6420 – Service Tag HKYCS1 H3llas That looks like a wrong code. Can you recheck. Jessica Sorry, HKY6CS1 Thanks for your help. H3llas Can you try these: 2d51f55v u3w2y1eo Slt15yJqvQNjE8Na Jessica none of those worked, do you happen to have anymore ? appreciate the help kamil33 Hello my brother this code from the computer please help heather chavez I have a samsung laptop model np355e5c-a01us. serial# HY2N98FCCC1XPKH and forgot my password and it gave me this code 150297EC67D8990000 it gave me Bad hash and ive tried any and all listed on this page and none works please help? H3llas Can you try 17623080 If that does not help then you will need to try physical methods numbered in the article above. primitivefigurative I was given a laptop which is asking for a BIOS password. The laptop is a Gateway MODEL No. MG1……….MODEL P-6831 FX (not sure which os the model type to identify it by). Can anyone provide some assistance? H3llas Do you get any error code when you mistype password 3 times? Paul HP ProBook 4730s. Code i think is CNU2036GMP. Thank you H3llas Password is e9l71fgh42. Behind 9 is small letter L (l) and behind 7 is number one. Joseph Montiero hp elitebook 8460p. no code showed up just a message to restart the computer serial # CNU2090Q75 product # SN107UC#ABA H3llas Did you tried this one: HP/Compaq Mini Netbooks e9l71o15xq herickjuan Laptop cce win what’s the password ? JohnH hello i have a fijitsu lifebook U772 serial number DSDAO18237 need my bios passwoord arg… H3llas When you miss password 3 times what code do you get? Lyanne Hi my daughter has a Samsung NF110 netbook, when I try entering bios it asks for a code… Help H3llas When you miss password 3 times do you get any code? Dinesh Dawrani Unfortunately My Laptop is locked by bios password. Now whenever i power on my laptop it is asking “Enter Bios Password”. But unfortunately i don’t know what is the password. Any one can help me how to break/remove/clear this password. There is No CMOS battery in Motherboard & No any Reset Jumper… please help me to solve this issue. Toshiba Satellite M30-742 PART NUMBER: PSM30E-7100V-EN MEMATI BIOS PASSWORD FOR SAMSUNG NP300V5A Child Hit the wrong password 3 times. When you get error code insert it in the tool above then use the generated password. MEMATI I want bios password Default samsung np300v5a plz MEMATI yes I wanted to change the password bios But after I came out of the bios Restart my computer, and I did not have access Please help me I want to password samsung NP300V5AA01DX S/N; HPYT93QBC00800D Ouriel Siemens amilo pro pi1536 system disabled 14586 plz help H3llas Try one of these codes: Fujitsu-Siemens Phoenix 94649 Fujitsu-Siemens (model L) Phoenix 31254 Fujitsu-Siemens (model P) Phoenix 24489 Fujitsu-Siemens (model S) Phoenix 863178 Fujitsu-Siemens (model X) Phoenix 8899 Michael I picked up a Dell laptop that was broken from a pawn shop in my area. I repaired it and the last thing I needed was to gain access to the BIOS. I registered my computer with Dell and still they could not/would not help me!! Service Tag 8L0T6P1 with a “System disabled” code of 06227. Any help would be greatly appreciated!! H3llas Try one of these: bfp7tpl8 iqbw93ot xfKWbe4dWXXf04J0 Clyde Davis BIOS password needed for HP pavillion ze4230 CRVSA-02T1-75 series. Serial number is CN30200258 H3llas e9f17117qu Clyde Davis I need to upgrade the BIOS, the system is acting up, dont see the hard drive and the video card is retard. Harcharan Chun Pala Hi i need a bois password for a Toshiba Equium L40-17M Model No: PSL49E 00C005KS SERIAL No: 28013143R If you need anymore info just let me know. H3llas Try the KeyDisk program. Put it on bootable cd or usb stick and follow instructions of the program. Harcharan Chun Pala Thanks for the advice but the bios is locked to boot to HDD so your advice will not work. Thanks all the same. Joel Stoner HP ProBook 4525s SN: 2CE1290BQW product: QT121US#ABA H3llas 7em37o1p5d jim I NEED A PASSWORD FOR A TOSHIBA SATILLITE A-215-S-4747 H3llas Try the KeyDisk program. Put it on bootable cd or usb stick and follow instructions of the program. Jim It won’t boot to windows I only get the toshiba logo then it goes to enter password mode 3 try’s then it will shut down Domm Fujitsu ESPRIMO PC. When I miss the password 3 times the only code that always appears is “D8” H3llas Any serial number on the sticker behind? Domm Yea 🙂 Serial Number: “YLHW087263” (without braces…) Is there any password generator tool for serial numbers? H3llas One in the article above but it does not work for Fujitsu with serial number. It should give bigger code then D8. Domm After three attempts, there is just the locked password screen, where I can’t type in anything any more, and “D8” in the bottom right corner with blue background… Domm so no further ideas? :/ WillSpencer Our decoder thinks that is an HP/Compaq Mini Netbook with a backdoor password of: sikzd1ux7gf Domm I already tried that one, but it doesn’t work … Any other Ideas? :/ Denim Hi i need a bios password for a HP compaq 6730s sn: CNU9024KB5 pn: NN377ES#ABZ H3llas e9lo17vspq Denim Thanks but password isn’t working. Do you know any other way to get rid of administrator bios password? WillSpencer Denim: Doublecheck the SN and PN. Were they both in all UPPERCASE? Are looking for a BIOS password or a Windows administrator password? Denim SN end PN is fine. I am looking for BIOS administrator password. Brad Cole I tried the tool above and it did nothing, I need a password for a HP 2000 Notebook P/N D1E80UA#ABA S/N 5CG31802QW Williams BIOS password needed for Samsung NP-R480-JV01CL Serial numeber is ZV5293DZ9000148J H3llas When you hit password 3 times wrong you will get message System Disabled and some number. Can you enter that number into our generator tool in the article above and tell me what happens? Mactech Worked great for a samsung R480 that I was working on, the first number returned nothing but the second number I entered returned a word that worked. THANKS! Routers GREETINGS.. PLEASE HELP ME .. I NEED PASSWORD FOR TOSHIBA SATELLITE C640 .. CANT BOOT ANYTHING. ITS DIRECTLY TO THE PASSWORD WHEN STARTING.. H3llas I have no clue for Toshibas. I guess new bios chip or Toshiba support might help you… Sami Alam Need your help H3llas, been at this for days. I have a Sony Vaio PCG-71912L (VPCEH1AFX) which needs a BIOS password. I’ve tried the password generators for the older Sony Vaio but they don’t work on mine, I can’t seem to get any help(even from Sony). Using the last 7 digits of the S/N doesn’t work on mine, that is for older models. After 3 failed attempts I get a 16 digit(4×4) code that needs to be converted into a one time password. The code I currently have up is 7T73-2J6J-FP98-R7T3. Please tell me you have the new script to convert this. Any help will be greatly appreciated. Sami Alam That last 4×4 code is no longer valid because I had to shut down the laptop. If you or WillSpencer can help then please contact me and I will generate a new code the same day you reply. As you know the code changes every time you reboot. Thanks. superdave007 Hi Sami, Any luck yet? I’ve got a newer Sony with a similar 4×4 code for onetime password that I’m stuck on. Did you get a private message with assistance or are you still stuck too? Sami Alam Didn’t get any assistance with it but it turns out that the previous owner had set a personal BIOS password and I was able to get that from her. I hope someone is able to help you with yours, sucks not being able to do anything because of BIOS password. TJ Hey man, thanks for the Article. The Bios password generator worked for me. 😀 Acer Aspire 5335-2552 Phoenix ScureCore. Thanks! wendy I have a Gateway laptop NE56R41u that I need to BIOS for. when I put in a wrong password 3 times it says password check fail, when you hiy enter it the stares System will halt!! press any key, and when you do the screen goes blank, and a small white line is in the upper left corner. nothing else happens even when you press the keys on the keyboard SuperDave007 The code generator is not working with my one time key for my Sony PCG-71111L. The code is: 2F3P7673VPRTJ7K2 Any help? Ali Abour Cañadas The code generator worked for my friend´s Advent 711***,just typed the hash number 04599 and gave back 711531,typed it and it worked!!!!!!!!!!! thanks a lot,great page….keep up with this excellent work!…………greetings from Spain. Mehtuus The generator above does not seem to work with 4×4 key hash’s, and I have tested the back door passwords too. Specifically, I am working with a Sony VGN-SZ model laptop with the hash key: 3FR6-9R87-FRFR-DTJD Any chance of retrieving a One Time Password? JuliodaviD Thanks to the password generator developer, unblocked succesfully the bios password of my acer aspire; excelent work and contribution. Damaris Hey there. Nothing seems to work for me. The code it gives me is 09387. Please help me. I’m losing my mind over here. Alastair Dick Your password generator worked first time. Have accessed the BIOS on this ancient HP Compaq nx9010. Have now completed the first phase of usng it as a PC (virtual) oscilloscope. Thanks guys! Sachin Does this work for SONY i5 Model no. VPCEB46FG ? I am really stuck from the vendors they cant even do or if they claim to do would charge very much …ergggg Guest I need password for hp omnibook 7150 Paulie help please need bios password for dell inspiron model=PP41L service tag= 9v34ch1 express service code = 21470734117 thank u much Tony burghezi Need password for a toshiba satellite L455 Tony burghezi 15557 FAYKA AD293187 FLAVIO i need the password for my dell latitude e6330 SYSTEM NUMBER 66D53V1-1D3B Zeljko Ascic 4e2jzls8 7xh4wmgi W9Vj8N9kn94p9ct6 4p2z2r3w Gerald Hi I have a friend with a Acer Travelmate 5530 g with bios password that he has forgotten after trying three times it gives a code 06647 but the code generator in your article does not respond to this number. Can you help Quake Drast Hello, forgot my pw, i think it was easy but it after 3 years not using I forgot already. sku: XY697AV; SN: CNU2260S4H HP 8760w Zeljko Ascic Do you get any code when you miss password 3 times? Quake Drast no, i do not receive any code, it says, access denied. please turn off the machine BFOJ Dell Studio 1558, service tag H0F4CN1, code 05546. Help! Zeljko Ascic 2ku0qenv aqy1omtd 5M1n72GSS4dvrkKL Paulie Help! I asked for a bios reset code 12 days ago and no one has answered. I really need help please! here is my laptop info again. dell inspiron model=PP41L service tag= 9v34ch1 express service code = 21470734117 thank u much Zeljko Ascic Try each of these: s2g837c5 j3gpmc3u QhsX5qrE07cYrRjt Hit ctrl + enter once you enter password. Paulie thanks for answering but i tried all 3 and it didnt work. Any other suggestions? i do not get any codes nor locked out after 3 tries. lets me try numerous times but not unlocking it Zeljko Ascic You don’t need to get any codes on Dell after 3 tries. Do you have qwerty or qwertz keyword? In last password after E is zero not O. Paulie qwerty Zeljko Ascic so holding the ctrl while pressing enter once or twice did nothing? some people comment it only works like that… Paulie tried everything you said, it still isnt working…grrrrr Ivica Udovcevic Hi, i need a bios password for a HP ProBook 4330s sn: CNU1231V0K pn: LW774ES#UUW Pop Need a password for BIOS in ASUS laptop X70Z!! Please help, i can’t reinstall system without it!! AC Hey, I have a Toshiba satellite P775D-S7144. I changed the first password but now it’s asking for a 2nd password. Part no: PSBZ1U-04P01Q Serial no: 1C194459K Thanks Bill This is a bit different. I have a GE DVMre CT II with an unknown installers pw. I can’t get to the factory reset as I need to have installer level access. I picked up this unit at a used electronics outlet and no info was with it. I pulled the battery out of the MOBO and though it might reset but its probably on a bios chip…Is anyone familiar with this unit and if its possible to short out the bios to reset it…. ron help please i have bought a packard bell netbook ze6 and askes for a bios password can u help please Tim Hi. Have tried generator above but nothing happens. Can you help at all? Dell Latitude E6220 … #28FPGT 1-1DEB … thank you Zeljko Ascic Try one of these: h2sh6fot whns83tn YGtkU61bqdPcquk0 dfa484qj Tim Thanks, they didn’t work but thanks for trying. nico Laptop ASUS K52 DR AMI BIOS Rescue password please 🙁 nico Sorry ASUS K52DE Please help. everett82 Please help. Generator above does not work. zBook 17 S/N CND41520QC PRODUCT D5D93AV marius please help asus F550CC SN: DAN0WU08339342A AR5B225 THANKS kamil hej er fujitsu siemens Celsius h series H700 BIOS Password Zeljko Ascic Hit password wrong 3 times. Your system will be halted but Siemens will give you some code. Insert that code into our generator and then use the password next time you turn on computer. GHANITEC Hi i need a bios password for a acer travelmate 5620 S/N LXTGU0Z03871204F2A2000 SNID 71202026620 Zeljko Ascic If you hit password 3 times wrong do you get any error code or error number? If yes can you write it here? GHANITEC Yes, drawn up by 3 times and wrote to me bios deactivated carlon comment Urs My laptop has been disabled, I think the model is ADVENT 7109B﻿ and the system disabled code is : [06305] It has a few attempts of me typing in the password, which I have no CLUE what it is. Then it goes onto system disabled code [06305] Please help! dirt2 Help !!!! Packard bell Easynote TJ65-AU-500RU S/N: LXBFG08002015B1E6F2200 SNID: 01572868722 FAIL CODE: 11180 Zeljko Ascic gxsy ztoty 554456 99895 1723129 11536 99995 Anton your generator tool doesn’t work… Gateway P7805 System disabled code 13521, can you help? please reply Zeljko Ascic Try one of these: lwpsm huczpkx PPucho No code is generated for Samsung NP300E5C-A07US. Nothing else works to reset the BIOS password. Can I get help? Thank you much. Zeljko Ascic Can you hit ctrl or f10 or f2 before 3rd try? Does it say anything then? Neville TRIED CODE GENERATOR BUT NO RESULTS, have an HP Compaq 8710p Ser No CND8082JQS p/n GC100EA#ACQ Service Tag C8710pTT7300F7X16GIBNF10Qe It asks for Power On Password which I cannot remember and I wish to donate the Laptop to my daughter for school. Can you Help? Thank you in advance. Zeljko Ascic What happens when you hit password 3 times wrong? Do you get any code? geoff need a password for system 3102 error code is 04031 nothing happening on your generator geoff sorry thats an Esytem 3102 hash code 04031 Zeljko Ascic Do any of these work? jflvqy mmbi 15778 817381 31629 713379 7115886 Joy Hi Zeljko Ascic, my Hashcode is: 0274-0542-0143-7030-0283-6754 in a Fijitsu Celsius H series. Do you know, is the generator result a one time passcode? Thanks! CHRISTINA I NEED A ADMIN BIOS PASSWORD FOR DELL LATITUDE E6420 SERVICETAG#CS9XBS1-1D3B Zeljko Ascic Try one of these: tnxo6vc6 60w9x2xq x9fWNKJ1Ek528l2n 36bi6yx9 america Hello, I have a lenovo c460. it has a supervisor password already set and I need some help reseting it. Lenovo wants to charge me 650 dollars for it. I need some help cracking the supervisor password. It won’t let me boot from CD or thumbdrive. Zeljko Ascic What happens if you miss password 3 times do you get any number or error code? America Haileselassie it locks out Mohsine Hello, please the admin password for Dell Latitude E6420 #2V7HCS1-1D3B THANKS Zeljko Ascic Try one of these: xiz8t9an j33lxalp F3qq0MQQB5y5Bswi dkzodyr5 Jeanny Hello i can not write my bios password. I have sony vaio notebook. Modelname VPCEJ1L1E. After 5 times i got a number in red: 7623-VXK2-7RPR-FDJX. Generate didnt work. Pls help me Jeanny Its the machine password i need. Sorry i did gorget to mention Matt Hi I have Fujitsu H700 and when entering password wrong 3 times I don’t get any checksum, just loud beeping:) Do you have any solution? BTW Great blog! smic18 try to enter these three specific passwords “3hqgo3″,”jqw534″,”0qww294e” Nighter I have a GIGABYTE GA-F2A55M-HD2 CHIP MATX FM2 MOTHERBOARD. And while I was in the BIOS settings, somehow I accidentally set a BIOS password for it, while apparently requiring me to enter it right when I power it on. Meaning I can’t get to Windows, Can’t get to the BIOS settings, or well anything else. Right when I turn it on, it shows “Enter Password” and a box under it to enter. Nothing else shows up, at all. And the only thing I’ve found that does anything to it, is “CTRL+ALT=DEL” which all that does is reset’s it when I’ve typed on 3 password guesses. I’ve tried removing the CMOS battery already, didn’t work. Can’t find any other type of thing like the 3 pings, cause they aren’t there. I have found the “CLEAR CMOS” and all that other stuff on the Motherboard, and a bunch of places where the pings are post to be, but aren’t, and are just blank. If you were to give me a method on how to fix it, it’d be really helpful for me. baptist HI, All, I have Compaq 6735s laptop.. it is having bios password. help to remove the same.. kamil Hi, i need a bios password for a HP dv6-3004so Ari Hello I would appreciate very much if I could get Admin password for Dell Latitude E5510 (CZZJHP1-2A7B). Thanks in advance. Best regards ! PS I don’t understand what is Checksum or hash? kamil need a bios password for a HP dv6-3004so key: 94477929 Melody I am locked out needing forgotten password for my HP Pavillion dv2000. The system disabled code I get is (02292) Can you help? Hasan ilikhan Samsung np300e5c-a02 system disabled! 004EB60BAD61B1C900 THANKS This password does not work ‘mamal’ gaetmaeul My Dell Service Tag is 9J48CP1-1F5A Help Me Dell Master Password Zeljko Ascic Try one of these: sffpvc15 jqez61vf gdcNv6w1Mfy4rJXy 5ssr4405 Jduverge I can’t find MosinNagant2 I have a Fujitsu Lifebook t730 I bought off ebay. When I received it the BIOS had a password set so I disassembled the laptop and unplugged the CMOS battery. After doing that I have two issues I need to fix. The first one is after the initial boot after removing the CMOS battery I am able to access the BIOS without needing a password but after rebooting it asks for a password again. The second issue is when I try to boot into windows 7 I now get a BSOD 0x0000007B (perhaps it is a setting in the BIOS causing this). Anyone have any ideas? Brandon Hardin I need the bios for a Toshiba satellite L305-S5907, if you could please help thankyou Krissthor HI ! some help for a FUJITSU LIFEBOOK AH530 with any error code after 3 times ? Just “System Disabled” and a long beep… Thank you very much ! Riccorbypro same problem… 🙁 wally Hello, and happy new year !! Can u help me with bios reset password for Sony Vaio SVF15N1S2ES FHV3-87TV-HDHT-J89R Thanks Angelo Vandamme can you help me please for the code please? toranj Hello, and happy new year !! Can u help me with bios reset password for Acar Aspire 4750 Steven Petrov Zeljko Ascic can you help me with DELL Latitude E6420 I need master bios password ! System number is 8R87DS1-1D3B Please !! Jerry can you help me plz? i am locked out. ive tried all the passwords on the Generator. no luck. i ahave a dell inspiron 17r. service tag 6RFVZW1. express service code 14719967857 will Hi would you be able to provide a master password for a dell latitude e4310, the service tag is: 84ZGZN1-2A7B Nguyen Thomas t9omg88r fcyvjwr3 6e083E3mRODzgeoh jhcn0a1e KARAOKE Hi, ok I am hoping that reading your info you are the man to help me. I have a Windows 8 Samsung NP450R5E Laptop with bios password problem Hashcode produced after 3x enter :- 009AB0736C69D15E81 I am asking for your help as your generator dosn’t seem to be working. Appreciate your time and effort Regards Nguyen Thomas Dear I has a laptop dell latitude e6320 but bios blocked Help me unlock it please Code: 7RZG1Q1-1D3B Thanks shaun need bios password for pakard bell easynote tk87-gn-051uk chris Hey we have a Problem with a Samsung NC 215. How can i delete the Bios Password? THX wudy Hello! Need help with Gateway NV52L laptop Bios password please! It have InsydeH2O Bios manufacture. And after trying typing 3 times wrong passwords it shows: System will halt! Cant do anything after that. Please help guys!! Todd Harhager Hi I have a Toshiba L775-S7114 S# 4C174936R I have tried all the tools and still have BIOS Password. I need BIOS Password. Thanks. ROBERTO I has a laptop dell latitude e6420 but bios blocked Help me unlock it please Code: 873PKQ1-1D3B Martin anybody had Luck With HP Elitebook ? I have 8470p and need to reset BIOS password . Will it work to type password wrong 3 times and put the hashcode here? Will typing 3 times wrong make the Laptop not boot into Windows? CC I had to enter wrong password twice, and then, on the third try, instead, I hit F12 and got a number. But the code generator isn’t doing anything – not sure why, unless it’s this old XP box. pillz gateway model Q5WJC, help I need to bypass the bios password, please Nichole I have a Dell Inspiron 15-3521 and getting 7F92B620D532A223. Locked out of BIOS and HDD passwords needed Nichole I just posted before model CHK20X1 Nichole any ideas??? no1 Hi Do you know if it’s possible for dell 1D3B right now By the way i can access the OS, it’s Windows 7 Thx. Rick Springer Samsung R540 system disabled [46268B710302288250] Andreas Hi Help me please for the code please… My Phoenix SecureCore Tiano system locked = 6FCAAB2D Thanks Kevin hi have the following problem notebook has a paswort’m not there more need a paswort he will not boot without this stupid password Model Name: Qosimo x300-13E Model NO: PQX32E-00J01WGR Nosipho Hlophe Hello Guys Please hell i need a admin password for Dell Latitude D420 service tag is : J6VBW2J express service code : 417-742-843-15 the system number : J6VBW2J-595B Please help RAY need bios password for dell latitude 3330 service tag 669FRT1 express ser code 13439343493, please help Dux Help. Dell e6400. FY11M4J-1F5A Giuann Hi!! i need Bios Password for a Sony Vaio, Service Tag:C606FUV6, S/N 27531163 5000080. Thanks for help. GJHGFHGH 62LJFS1-1D3B CAN ANY ONE HELP ME BIOS PASSLOCK Jeff KEY: 85211264 Model:PAWF6 This is a acer aspire 5734Z Help PLleeeeasssseeeeeee or my Girlfriend will kill meeeeeeeweeewewewewewewewe amb contact me on whatsapp +22996101920 or skypr: ston_100, mention the information you put here and you will have you unlock code. thanks Alex please i need bios password for a Dell Latitude E6440 4V0ND12-1F66 thanks Chidam Baram i need fujisu ah530 bios password Marco i need dell latitude 5520 #DYBG5S1-1D3B. THX Ambroise TESSI hi I’m Ambroise TESSI, if you still need the bios pass code please contact me; whatsapp: +22996101920, skype: ston_100, or email at ston_100@live.fr I can help you john hp pavilion x360 2in1 touchscreen.please I need administror or power on password Łukasz Zawiślak hi Can u help me with bios reset password for Sony Vaio SVE1711T1E please:) Jeremy Ziller Yes I have a Toshiba satellite L455D-S5976 don’t know where to find the jumper for the bios password Papa Jay please can anyone help me to remove a bios password from my Hp Elite book 8470p laptop Zeljko Ascic Only way of removing password on that one is to purchase BIOS chip on ebay and resolder it. Price for new bios chip is ~20$. Alex VN Hi toshiba portege m750-135 Challenge code = YTEFN-ACEMD-C9ULD-WF1LU-XW3HD Réponse code = Thanks in advance Best regards Alex Or if tout have URL or file for pwgen cause I had stop pc Thés Alex james p Hi could you help me with my bios password on a dell inspiron e1505 the numbers on the screen are #87zsp91-595b . I tried the box above but it did nothing . Thank you for your help Дж Ин It was only a request for assistance dmanga hey,,,,mine doesnt give me the code….elitebook 8470p…please assist Morgan Fox Please Help with Dell E6320 ASSET : 4HSDFS1-1D3B thanks ! Patrick probably a little late to the party.. Just contact dell. Give them your service tag number and they will send you the master key. Jenn can someone please give me the password for my Dell Inspiron 14… service tag:S/N is JZN7932.. any help or info will be greatly appreciated. Thanx in advance! Patrick Just contact dell. Give them your service tag number and they will send you the master key. Fırat Karakuş Hey. Three days ago i wanted to delete my bios password.I went in to bios,Entered my current password and leaved blanks on the “Enter new password” ,”Confirm new password” parts and just clicked enter.After i restarted my pc,it asked for a bios password.I thought i forgot to save the changes and entered my password again.It did not work.Tried again,but no.So i realized that im in big trouble.I’ve been trying to reset the bios password for three days.I’ve done everything what internet says but nothing works. I’ve removed CMOS battery for several times,i have tried to generate or find backdoor passwords but when i fail my password trying to enter to the bios,it doesnt give me any “hash code”.It just says system will halt and shuts down the computer.I have tried to generate a backdoor password from my serial number.It worked but the password i got didnt do the trick.Im about to go crazy. So,i cant do anything.I have an Acer Travelmate 8372.Bios is Insyde H2O . Does anyone have any idea?Please help,i’m dying here! moira hi all have a major problem my toshiba satellite m200 will not let me get past the main password ive tried to get into the bios system but it wont let me it wants a password which i didnt put on , it did .PLEASE HELP ME Khaled ALassbahi Hi all i have problem with the biospassword . Dell insprion 4050 . Service tage is 9NBVGP1 . I ask for halp otnas Phoenix failsafe 16 code key I turned my Samsung laptop on in the morning and it came up with a black screen asking me for a 16 code key, i haven’t installed the failsafe software, what is the key!! model code: NP-N150-HAZ1IT Samsung S/N:ZP4M93BZ203109B feb.2010 Please, 16-digit code to unlock. thank you Oluwashina Omo Egba 54F65D25 Boss Please help me bios password.. key VFVJ-RVJTHV9K-DTK3 Search for: Reference Software Tutorials Unit Conversion Practice Tests Web Tools Site Index Audio-Video Databases Electronics File Compression File Conversion Gaming Graphics Hardware Internet IT Management Macintosh Microsoft Windows Mobile Devices Networking Programming Science Security Telephony Unix by Tech-FAQ Copyright ©&nbsp2016 Independent Media | Reference the Tech-FAQ | Privacy Policy | Site Index BIOS How to Solve “PXE-E61 Media Test Failure, Check Cable” Error BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) How to Reset a BIOS Password How to Access BIOS How to Upgrade BIOS How to Access the BIOS for Sony Vaio Laptops How to Reset a Toshiba BIOS Password? How to Reset an IBM ThinkPad BIOS Password How to Change BIOS Settings How to Reset a Dell BIOS Password How to Reset an Acer BIOS Password } 159 queries in 0.967 seconds.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Hot Stocks > Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock’s Leaders Should Consider a Breakup Intel needs to separate manufacturing from design By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Nov 4, 2016, 12:32 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Has a New Path to Bigger Profits Walt Disney Co Is Cutting Its Own Cord (DIS) Recent Posts: Selling Home Depot Inc (HD) Stock? That’s Just Silly. Buffett Bails on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Stock. Should You? Fight Deflation With United States Steel Corporation (X), AK Steel Holding Corporation (AKS) View All Posts Moore’s Second Law sucks. Everyone knows Moore’s Law. The idea, first propounded in an Electronics Magazine article 50 years ago by Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) co-founder Gordon Moore, is that semiconductors can get twice as dense, and twice as fast, every 18 months, doubling their price-performance. Source: stargazer2020 via Flickr Moore’s Law drives the technology economy, but few acknowledge what I call Moore’s Second Law, which is that the cost of the gear needed to make chips will also multiply as circuit densities increase. Moore’s Second Law has driven the vast majority of chip companies out of the manufacturing end of the business. It needs to drive Intel out, too. The way to do that would be to split the company into two parts. One would be dedicated to designing and selling semiconductors, which is mainly a function of software and dealing with customers who design products. The other would be dedicated to making them, which is a function of capital and dealing with customers that need chips. It’s the one logical step Intel management has fiercely resisted … that it has flatly rejected. 9 Shiny New Dividend Stocks You Can Trust in the Long Run Shareholders have suffered enough. Consider ARM Holdings ARM Holdings plc (ADR) (NASDAQ:ARMH) competes directly with Intel in microprocessors, but doesn’t really compete with it at all. The British company was acquired by Softbank Group Corp (OTCMKTS:SFTBF) in September for $32 billion, but for many years before that it had been running rings around its larger rival, delivering shareholders a 10-year gain of over 950% while Intel’s performance ware barely half that of the NASDAQ Composite. The secret of ARM’s success was that it only sold chip designs. Other companies, like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), bought the designs, tweaked them to their specifications, then had companies like Samsung (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) manufacture them. The customers got a custom design for a competitive price. INTC stock had similar problems in the mobile space, where Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO) ran rings around it for years. Intel tried to sell chips and showed Chinese OEMs software that would work with the chips. Broadcom sold designs the OEMs could quickly get to market and sell. Since Broadcom, like ARM Holdings, wasn’t responsible for the economics of manufacture, it wasn’t selling a one-size-fits-all solution. As PCs have become less important, INTC has suffered from its lack of flexibility. Profit margins have plummeted and debt levels have increased. INTC stock has become a yield stock, one bought for its dividend, currently yielding 3.1%, but for the quarter ending in July, that dividend ate an alarming part of Intel’s earnings. A crisis is at hand. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/intel-corporation-intc-stock-breakup-ipmedia/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Blog Support Store Developer Get Involved Archive Switching from macOS: Hardware This is part 4 of an ongoing “Switching from macOS” series. Yesterday I wrote about elementary OS for Creative Work. In the Apple world, you have one choice for hardware: whatever Apple makes. With elementary OS, your options are far more vast; you can get anything from a tiny thin low-power notebook to massive powerful workstation and use elementary OS. Existing Mac hardware The simplest option if you are switching from macOS, however, is to use your existing Mac hardware. Apple’s modern MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Mac Mini, iMac, and Mac Pro are all Intel-based computers and should work well with elementary OS. Avi Romanoff, an elementary contributor has written up a guide for installing elementary OS on a Mac. Dedicated Vendors If you are looking for new hardware and Apple’s latest doesn’t interest you, there are several companies shipping great computers with elementary OS out of the box. Tuxedo sells several machines with elementary OS, and their InfinityBook is probably the closest to a MacBook Air or Pro: thin, light, aluminum, and backlit. It comes in 13” and 15” options which both look great. Another option is Slimbook, who offers a couple of similarly thin, light, aluminum models that can ship with elementary OS out of the box. Obsidian PC has several models as with an elementary OS option as well. Likely to Work Well There has been an uptick in recent years of companies making and shipping computers with Linux-based OSes out of the box. System76 is probably the biggest and most popular of these; I’d be comfortable recommending any of their laptops or desktops for an elementary OS user. Because elementary OS is Ubuntu based and System76 fanatically supports Ubuntu (with hardware selection, firmware development, and driver tweaks specifically designed to work perfectly with Ubuntu), it works great. Other companies ship and support Linux-based OSes around the world like Dell, Entroware, and many others. If they’re excited about supporting Linux and support Ubuntu or Ubuntu-based OSes, elementary OS should work as well. General Hardware Suggestions If you’re wanting or willing to spend the time researching several companies or even building your own computer to run elementary OS, there are a number of guidelines we recommend you follow. Modern 64-bit Intel-based processors (Core i3, i5, and i7) and Intel HD graphics are your best bet. While NVIDIA and AMD may have Linux drivers, they can be more hit or miss than Intel. We recommend at least 1 GB of RAM, but realistically 4 GB is a good minimum for a modern computer, and more is always better. Some WiFi cards can be hit or miss; again, Intel is typically your best bet, but if it works with Ubuntu or more broadly, Linux, it should work perfectly in elementary OS. Otherwise, if you’re unsure about specific hardware support, searching if it works with Ubuntu is a good bet. Since elementary OS is based on the same core and hardware stack as Ubuntu, hardware support is almost identical. You can see all of our official hardware recommendations at our Installation Guide. Tomorrow I’ll be back with another post in the series, so stop back by! elementary os linux macos 12 notes cassidyjames Nov 4th, 2016 Open in app Facebook Tweet Mail Permalink shanesemler liked this awesomekalphill liked this veerarjunsingh liked this volpedellenevi-blog liked this piratefache liked this lodedespues liked this alperslog liked this wholocked-shurtugal liked this irohust liked this manere liked this akzel liked this lord-mt liked this elementaryos posted this Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus

This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Staples Black Friday ad leaks with cheap Windows laptops, Amazon Fire tablet PC deals The office superstore joins BJ's Wholesale in offering the 7-inch Amazon Fire for $33.33, but it also continues the trend of no Apple iPad sales so far. By Sean Portnoy for Laptops & Desktops | November 6, 2016 -- 22:39 GMT (14:39 PST) | Topic: PCs No Apple iPad deals in the Staples Black Friday ad this year. As Black Friday draws within three weeks, the ad leaks are starting to pick up in pace. For tech buyers, the Staples Black Friday ad leak may be the biggest so far, and it provides further evidence of an early trend: It's the latest retailer not to promote any deals on that former Black Friday stalwart -- Apple's iPad tablet. Part of that is due to Apple's stinginess on discounts in general, and part is due to the fading appetite of consumers for new tablets. Nevertheless, Staples still has the most tablet deals we've seen from a Black Friday ad this year, including matching BJ's Wholesale with a $33.33 special on the Amazon Fire 7-inch tablet. It goes one better by also having an Amazon Fire HD 8 slate on sale, but this is a case where a little research shows it's not as good a deal as advertised. Staples hypes the sale price of $79.99 as $50, but there are two oddities in the listing. First, Amazon itself lists the price of the Fire HD 8 as $89.99, not the $129.99 regular price Staples is claiming. Even more egregiously, the Fire model shown in the ad has only 8GB of storage, whereas the current base Amazon version comes with 16GB. In other words, Staples is trying to sell an older model with less storage for a mere $10 less than the current version, but touting massive savings. You've been warned. Black Friday 2016 CNET 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft preview promises deals on Surface devices, Windows laptops Hhgregg ad has 12.9-inch iPad Pro deal Office Depot/OfficeMax ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop Best Buy ad reveals $100 Windows laptop deal, $125 iPad Air 2, Pro savings Walmart ad features $199 Apple iPad mini 2, $119 Chromebook deals Target ad has iPad Pro for $449, iPad Air 2 for $274 HP ad leaks with PC deals from $250 Staples ad leaks with laptops, tablet deals Costco ad leaks with laptop, desktop, tablet deals Ads for Dell Small Business leak BJ's Wholesale ad features $33.33 Amazon Fire tablet Sam's Club ad leaks with HP laptop, desktop deals Dell's ad leaks with $100 laptop, desktop deals Instead of iPads, the stores with Black Friday ad leaks have thus far listed Samsung Galaxy Tab discounts. Unfortunately for Staples, its specials are undercut by rivals: Its $99.99 price on the 7-inch Tab A is $10 more than in BJ's ad (and BJ's also throws in a 16GB microSD card), while its $129.99 price on the 8-inch Tab A is $10 more than in Costco's ad. Unlike its competitors, however, Staples has a sale on the budget-friendly 7-inch Galaxy Tab E Lite; at $69.99, it's actually $50 off the current price Samsung has on its site. But it's less successful with its $799 Surface Pro 4 pricing, which is $50 more for the same configuration as BJ's (though still $200 less than Microsoft's current price). As with Costco, Staples has a large number of Windows laptop deals for Black Friday, highlighted by a $229.99 HP 15-ay061 with Intel Pentium N3710 CPU, 8GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, and 15.6-inch display. That's $90 less than the current price, not $190 as the ad states. In fact, this is the case with many of the PC sales Staples list: The price currently on its website is already reduced, meaning the savings are less whopping than its ad suggests. While there is no $100 laptop like Dell has for a doorbuster, there are four additional notebook specials for under $300: The Dell Inspiron I5555-0012 (AMD A8 processor, 6GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, 15.6-inch display) for $269.99; a Dell Inspiron (Pentium CPU, 4GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, 11.6-inch display) for $299.99, the HP 15-ay065 (Core i3-5005U, 6GB of RAM, 1TB hard drive, 15.6-inch display) for $299.99, and the Lenovo IdeaPad 100 (also Core i3-5005U, 4GB of RAM, 500GB hard drive, 15.6-inch display) for $299.99. In addition to those sales, there are 11 further laptop deals that Staples is advertising: $349.99 -- Dell Inspiron i5559-1350SLV (Core i3/6GB/1TB/15.6-inch) $389.99 -- HP Pavilion 14-al062 (Core i5/12GB/1TB/14-inch) $399.99 -- HP 14-al061nr (Core i3/8GB/1TB/14-inch) $399.99 -- HP 17-x061 (Core i3/8GB/1TB/17.3-inch) $449.99 -- Dell Inspiron 13 I5368-2405GRY (Core i3/8GB/500GB/13.3-inch full HD touchscreen) $449.99 -- Dell Inspiron i5559-3349SLVV (Core i5/8GB/128GB SSD/15.6-inch) $479.99 -- HP Pavilion 15-au062 (Core i5/8GB/1TB/15.6-inch-inch) $499.99 -- HP Pavilion 15-au063 (Core i7/12GB/1TB/14-inch) $499.99 -- Lenovo Flex 4 (Core i5/8GB/256GB SSD/14-inch full HD touchscreen) $599.99 -- Lenovo Ideapad 510 (Core i5/8GB/1TB/15.6-inch full HD) $629.99 -- HP Pavilion x360 15-bk010nr (Core i5/8GB/1TB/15.6-inch full HD touchscreen) There are also a half-dozen desktop deals split between towers and all-in-ones. The tower sales start at $279.99 ($70 less than current price) with the HP Slimline 260-p026, which comes with a Core i3-6100T processor, 8GB of RAM, and terabyte hard drive. Jumping up to $399.99 ($180 off) is the HP Pavilion 510-p026 with Core i5-6400T quad-core CPU, 12 gigs of RAM and 1TB hard drive, while the Dell Inspiron 3650 features a faster Core i5-6400 chip, 8GB of RAM, and 1TB of hard drive space for $449.99 -- though note you can get it for that price right now from Staples. As with the towers, the three all-in-one PC specials comprise a pair of HPs and a Dell. The HP 22-b016, with Intel Pentium processor, 4GB of RAM, terabyte hard drive, and 21.5-inch full HD display, is $299.99, or $80 off the current price, while the Pavilion 24-b016 comes a Core i3-6100T, 8 gigs of memory, 1TB hard drive, and 23.8-inch full HD screen for $449.99, or $50 less than the current price. Finally, the Dell Inspiron 5459 also includes a 23.8-inch display, but adds touchscreen capabilities, along with a Core i5-6400T processor for $699.99, or $200 off the regular price. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung gives Black Friday sneak peek of laptop, Galaxy tablet deals Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday preview promises deals on Surface devices, Windows laptops Enterprise Software Of course a Microsoft partner would consider Windows 10 a better choice for Munich Hardware Hhgregg Black Friday ad includes 12.9-inch Apple iPad Pro deal × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Michael J. Fox Played Guitar With Dave Matthews Band: Rock On, McFly Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News Basketball, News 2016-11-15 NBA Rumors: Anthony Davis To The Boston Celtics? News 2016-11-15 Denver Cannabis Law To Make Marijuana Use Legal In Public Opinion 2016-11-15 Dear America, Donald Trump Winning The Presidential Election Is Not A License For Racism [Opinion] News 2016-11-15 Oklahoma City Airport On Lockdown: Southwest Airlines Employee Killed, Suspect Still On Loose Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access Gaming 2016-11-15 Sombra Boops Into ‘Overwatch,’ New Hero, Map, And Arcade Mode Now Live Technology 2016-11-15 2016 MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Gets Mixed Reviews: Is The New Microsoft Surface Book Better? Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Final Fantasy XV’ Spoilers: Conan O’Brien Pans ‘FFXV’ While Elijah Wood Plays The Game On Clueless Gamer [Video] BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Gets Major Challenge From Lenovo Miix 720 Technology 6 0 0 November 6, 2016 Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Gets Major Challenge From Lenovo Miix 720 Daryl Deino The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 is still the ultimate laptop/tablet hybrid. It’s a device that Tech Radar says is iterative in the best sense. “Has Microsoft at last crafted a tablet that can reasonably, without considerable compromise, replace your laptop? Short of going back to the drawing board on the battery, this looks as close as it’s going to get.” The Surface Pro 4 has received unanimously excellent reviews. [Image by Daryl Deino] The review especially praises the Surface Pro 4’s screen, the vastly improved Type Cover, and the improved Surface Pen. The only major criticism is the battery life, which a lot of others have complained about. There have been many Surface Pro 4 clones to hit the market recently, but the Lenovo Miix 720 may finally be the one that stands up strong to the Surface Pro 4. iTech Post has the news. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="375" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/oaRXDVW4dhE?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> “The Mixx 720 features Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor available in i3, i5 or i7 configurations (2.4 to 3.5 GHz with turbo boost), 4-16 GB RAM, 128 to 1024 GB storage, a 12 inch high-resolution 3:2 2880×1920 pixel display with Gorilla Glass 4, multiple USB ports, a stylus with 2048 pressure levels and Windows Hello via an iris scanning infra-red camera.” The article adds that a keyboard cover with a backlight will also be available. It will also come in both gold and black versions. The Verge isn’t sure when the Miix 720 will be released. “We still don’t know when the Miix 720 will release, or how much it will cost, but with this much information already leaked out, it probably won’t be too long before an official unveiling from Lenovo,” says columnist Chaim Gartenberg. There is certainly some excitement for Lenovo’s new device on Twitter. Somebody leaked @Lenovo Miix 720 info – USB-C port & Higher-Res Display coming soon! https://t.co/y7eJqArTHg pic.twitter.com/HMiW3gtMlA — Laptop Mag (@laptopmag) November 4, 2016 I am SO EXCITED for the Lenovo Miix 720. I'll get that instead of the Surface Pro 5. — Chad Goldberg (@Goldberg1Chad) November 6, 2016 Lenovo recently released another device called the Yoga Book, which some said was a Surface Pro killer — at least for the very low-end version. The Verge was one of the first sites to report on the device. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/RRYbGtkg-gA?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> “But Lenovo, which has made a bunch of these convertible creations, has come up with something that not only makes sense, but nudges the category forward with a completely new kind of keyboard. It’s called the Yoga Book, and it’s an incredibly thin and light tablet-like machine with a flat, touch-sensitive surface that lights up into a glowing keyboard.” The article added that the lower panel on the Yoga Book also doubles as a Wacom digitizer surface, which means you can use a stylus pen to draw on it as well. Although critic Lauren Goode is fascinated with the device, she says the keyboard comes with a learning curve. Engadget wasn’t as impressed. The Lenovo Yoga Book, available in Android ($500) and Windows ($550) versions, is inventive. But Lenovo claims that the Yoga Book is the ‘ultimate tablet for productivity and creativity,’ and that’s where the company is wrong,” claimed columnist Cherlynn Low, adding that there are many well-intended elements such as multi-window support, but these enhancements never truly add up to anything productive. Apple’s next MacBook may be a tablet hybrid. [Image by Daryl Deino] Those who aren’t fans of Microsoft or Lenovo and want a laptop/tablet hybrid might want to wait until the release of the next MacBook. According to iTech Post, the design of the 2017 MacBook will be different in terms of color options. But the biggest difference is that Apple may add pencil support on the MacBook. Apple fans have been waiting for digital inking support on an OS X device for years, even though Steve Jobs was against it. If you need a laptop/tablet hybrid and can’t wait for the MacBook, the Lenovo Miix 720 or the Surface Pro 4 may be your best choice. But if you can just hold on a little longer, the Surface Pro 5 and the updated MacBook should be released next spring. [Featured Image by David Ramos/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: 2016 MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Gets Mixed Reviews: Is The New Microsoft Surface Book Better? Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Lenovo Miix 720, macbook, Surface Pro 4 Comments LATEST HEADLINES Teresa Giudice Implies Jacqueline Laurita Is Mad Over Her Close Friendships With Siggy Flicker And Dolores Catania ‘Deadliest Catch’ News: Arrest Made In Attack of Jake Harris Dream Kardashian: Grandmothers In ‘Bitter Battle’ After Birth Of Rob Kardashian, Blac Chyna’s Baby? WWE News: The Undertaker Returns To Smackdown Before ‘Survivor Series’ To Deliver A Message NBA Rumors: Anthony Davis To The Boston Celtics? History’s ‘Vikings’ Season 4B: New Trailer Shows A Severely Despondent Ragnar Lothbrok 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions ‘Westworld’ Snags Season 2 Renewal for 2018: Series A Bigger Hit Than ‘The Walking Dead’ And ‘Game of Thrones’? ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access WWE News: Goldberg Reveals The Real Reason He Returned To WWE — Ready To ‘Kill’ Brock Lesnar Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 56k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 30.7k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.6k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 24k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 11.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Deadliest Catch’ News: Arrest Made In Attack of Jake Harris 2 0 0 Dream Kardashian: Grandmothers In ‘Bitter Battle’ After Birth Of Rob Kardashian, Blac Chyna’s Baby? 0 0 0 History’s ‘Vikings’ Season 4B: New Trailer Shows A Severely Despondent Ragnar Lothbrok 0 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 7 0 0 ‘Westworld’ Snags Season 2 Renewal for 2018: Series A Bigger Hit Than ‘The Walking Dead’ And ‘Game of Thrones’? 35 0 0 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access 1 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans VA Home Loans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health Forum RSS Feed Email Newsletter Sign-Up Download VT Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT Radio & TV Channels YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) Medical Disability Benefits PTSD Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Economy & Business Education Environment Food, Wine & Travel History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Humor Of Interest Peace, Causes & Activism Personal Finance Religion Media Military Heroes Support the Troops Politics Civil Liberties and Freedom Corruption Election 2016 Foreign Policy Government Legislation Veterans Benefits Regional Top 10 VA Home Loans Veteran Service Organizations Veterans Affairs WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Custom Weapons Download Apps VT Polls Career Center VT Books Contact Editorial Board-Staff Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal ‹ › Michael Shrimpton is a barrister, currently suspended of course, called to the Bar in London in 1983. He is a specialist in National Security and Constitutional Law, Strategic Intelligence and Counterterrorism. He has wide ranging connections both in Western Intelligence agencies and amongst ex-Soviet Bloc agencies. The late Generaloberst Markus Wolf, of the Stasi and DVD, was one of his contacts. Michael has earned respect in the intelligence community for his analysis of previously unacknowledged post-WWII covert operations against the West by the German DVD organization based in Dachau, near Munich, Germany, and its British, French and American client agencies. These continue to the present day, as politicians and the media are too nervous of standing up to them. Michael was formerly an Adjunct Professor of Intelligence Studies in the Department of National Security, Intelligence and Space Studies at the American Military University, teaching intelligence subjects at Masters level to inter alia serving intelligence officers. He has represented US and Israeli intelligence officers in law and briefed in staffers on the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and the Joint Congressional Inquiry into 9-11. In the wake of that murderous attack he addressed panels on terrorism in Washington DC and Los Angeles organized by the respected Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs. Fellow panelists included a former head of Special Operations Command and a former Commander of the US Atlantic Fleet. Michael's active assistance to Intelligence and Law Enforcement agencies in the Global War on Terror produced some notable successes, including the exposure of the Abu Ghraib 'hood' photograph as a fake. His work on strategic intelligence took him to the Pentagon and he has also met with senior advisors to the President of the Russian Federation, in Moscow, in November 2005. He participated in the Global Strategic Review conference in Geneva in 2005 and was a speaker at both the Intelligence Conference (Intelcon) in 2005, and the Intelligence Summit in 2006, each at Crystal City. In 2006 he was flown out to, and flew off from, the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Enterprise (CVN-65), as part of the US Navy's Distinguished Visitor Program. She was then working up her air group off the Eastern Seaboard of the United States, before operational deployment to the Persian Gulf. It is comparatively unusual for a foreign civilian to complete a carrier landing and launch cycle. Michael's ground-breaking, 700 page intelligence text "Spyhunter: The Secret History of German Intelligence" was published in England by June Press in April 2014. It features on a number of intelligence syllabuses, as does intelligence analysis prepared by Michael, e.g. on the brutal 2003 assassination of British weapons scientist Dr David Kelly CMG. In their unlawful raid on Michael’s home in Wendover, Buckinghamshire in April 2012 Thames Valley Police officers seized the manuscript of Spyhunter and all of Michael’s onshore backups. Publication was only possible because the draft had been backed up offshore. The police hung onto the seized copies long after it was decided not to use them as evidence. In November 2014 Michael was convicted at Southwark Crown Court by a tampered-with jury panel on two bogus bomb-hoax charges. Prior to bringing in the police the British Ministry of Defence, after consulting with the Cabinet Office, destroyed their recordings of Michael’s initial contact and qualified intelligence briefing re a DVD operation to target the Opening Ceremony of the 2012 Olympics using a stolen Russian SS-N-19 warhead. Happily the NSA intercepted both Michael’s call to MOD and their call to him (on a number he had provided) and the intercepts are now in the hands of MI5. As Michael’s distinguished Veterans Today colleagues Gordon Duff and Ben Fulford have confirmed on this website, his intelligence briefing to MOD was substantially correct and two warheads, both off an SS-19, were recovered by the US. After inspection the Department of Energy estimated their yield at 20KT. View Latest Posts >>> Looks like Hillary will be Trumped By Michael Shrimpton on November 6, 2016 I’m calling this one for Trump and the GOP! I think the Democratic donkeys are going to be trampled under a herd of Republican elephants. Even the latest ABC poll only has Hillary leading narrowly. Since they had her leading by 12 points a week or so ago that should tell you something. So far as I can tell ABC only polls registered Democrats. The way I see it, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Florida, North Carolina, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, Utah and Colorado, all states supposed to be in play according to the MSM, are going for the Trump. All talk of Pence pulling out or the pro-German wing of the Republican Party doing a Trump dump has ceased. There was even talk this week of the Democrats dropping Hillary at the last moment and going with the Jesuit, ‘Father’ Kaine, presumably on the basis that Kaine is able not about to be indicted. Since the States of New York, Illinois and California appear to have rejected the principle of free and fair elections and do not propose to count the votes fairly, there is no way Donald Trump can win them. Even if he were to obtain a majority from living American voters, it would be outweighed by the dead voters, the Mexican vote and Democrats allowed to vote twice, or three times in the case of Illinois. In those circumstances I can’t see him winning by a landslide, but I think he’ll win comfortably. I see that Dick Morris is of the same view, and his opinions on the US political scene are always worth reading. He is drawing a comparison with 1980, when Ronald Reagan broke late and won by a landslide. The Democrats are trying to cheer themselves up by saying that the prospect of Trump winning is energising their supporters. That works both ways, however – I imagine Republicans (real ones that is, not RINOs) are feeling pretty energised right now. Contrast of Trump Clinton rallies The big difference lies in the enthusiasm of Trumpy’s supporters. Hillary is not generating the same level of interest. I suspect the donkeys are worried about turnout amongst the young and African-Americans. The big issue now is whether the Secret Service can protect the president-elect from the DVD, or indeed whether they will even try. President Kennedy trusted the Secret Service, which was a fatal mistake, with respect. The withdrawal of Secret Service protection from the Lincoln was the first sign that an assassination was going down on that shameful day in 1963 in Dallas TX, when Germany bloodily changed the face of America forever. With the Secret Service no longer independent and under the rigid control of the badly-penetrated DNI, Trumpy may need to be careful. Since the Secret Service are unreliable and have shown a willingness to withdraw protection from presidents the Germans want to remove, President Kennedy being the prime example, Donald Trump will need to consider supplementing the Secret Service with his own people. Hillary and the Fibbies Looks like the FBI have obtained a copy of that DNA report I advised on Barack Obama! The key to the independence of law enforcement and intelligence agencies from political interference is intelligence. It’s not what you know or who you know, it’s what you know about whom. I’m hearing all sorts of stuff – links to China, dirty dealings at the Clinton Foundation and some very interesting emails. My take is that the Fibbies, sensibly, have been talking to Meade, the Pentagon and the Virginia farm boys. Don’t forget, we live in a post Spyhunter world. Intel agencies now know that Germany has been interfering in the democratic process for 150 years, bribing, blackmailing and murdering her way to influence. That works both ways – corrupt candidates backed by the DVD can be exposed by the INTELCOM. Looks like the Good Guys have finally stopped sitting on the side-lines and joined the fight. This is the Super Bowl and the place to be is on the field, not sitting in the stands munching hot dogs and complaining about the score. _________ The Betrayal of Brexit You heard it here first! I was talking about establishment/German attempts to betray Brexit shortly after the vote. As I predicted there has been a desperate effort to keep the UK trapped inside the so-called Single Market, to allow European dumping of exports and labor on our more flexible and vibrant economy. We are to the EU what the US is to Mexico. Soros This week saw the judges weighing in, with an absurd and illogical ruling that the government can’t withdraw from the Treaty on European Union without primary legislation. It is being reported here that the case was bankrolled by the notoriously anti-British George Soros, named by Dr Robert Kaplan in his very good book on Soros as a German agent. The court, presided over by a committed Europhile, Lord Thomas, who very frankly should have recused himself, said in effect that the Royal Prerogative can only be used to accede to EU treaties, not withdraw from them. I was junior counsel to the late Leo Price QC in the early stages of the Rees-Mogg case, where the court upheld the use of the Royal Prerogative to sign up to the bitterly controversial Maastricht Treaty. With respect to the court, the proposition that the Prerogative can be used to sign up for a treaty but not withdraw from it only has to be stated for its absurdity to be apparent. The ruling is internally inconsistent, as well as being inconsistent with earlier, binding precedent, such as the Rees-Mogg case. In one paragraph it says that Parliament is supreme. A few paragraphs later, the court says in effect that Parliament is not in fact supreme and that its statutes can be ‘set aside’ by the courts! The Divisional Court also treated the Metric Martyrs case as rightly decided, which it wasn’t, and as a binding precedent, which it isn’t. The judges in Metric Martyr only came up with the ‘super-statute’ idea after argument was heard, reaching their decision in secret. What they should have done, with respect, was to relist the case for further argument. Had they done so I would have been able to point out that none of the cases they had come up with was in point, as none dealt with implied repeal. We don’t have super-statutes in Britain, as we don’t have a written constitution, thank goodness (look at the mess the Supreme Court has made of yours!). It follows that community law in Britain could never be supreme, as Parliament remained free to pass legislation in breach of community law. In Metric Martyrs I relied upon the Weights and Measures Act 1985, which allowed the martyrs to sell in pounds and ounces, i.e. in proper measurements. The prosecution relied upon the European Communities Act 1972, which required the use of French revolutionary measurements, like the kilogramme. Since the 1985 act was later, the 1972 act was impliedly repealed to the extent of the inconsistency. The judges got around this by refusing to apply the 1985 act and applying the 1972 act. In so doing, with respect, they acted unconstitutionally, as the courts are bound by acts of Parliament. Fortunately, since they didn’t hear argument on the point on which they decided the case, their decision wasn’t binding. For the claimants in the Article 50 case to assert that they were defending the rights of Parliament, at the same time as saying that Parliament’s statutes can be ignored by the court, was the height of hypocrisy. Fortunately the government has exercised its right of appeal. The decision should be overturned by the Supreme Court next month. Although none of the judges on the Divisional Court was a particularly good lawyer with respect, the Supreme Court contains some of the finest legal minds in Britain. The judiciary are now whinging about the savage political backlash, but what did they expect? Their decision can’t be justified on legal grounds, with respect, indeed it is barely reasoned at all. It was in effect a political decision. Having entered the political arena the judges will have to fend for themselves. Even the Lord Chancellor, Liz Truss, has refused to come to their aid, and rightly so. Judges should stay out of politics. When they become political, as they have on the EU, they risk losing the respect of the public and politicians. The Vienna Convention Theresa May Theresa May is badly bungling Brexit. She didn’t want it, hasn’t thought deeply about it and wasn’t familiar with the arguments. She’s also house-trained and over-dependent on her civil servants, including the hated and notoriously Europhile Cabinet Secretary, Sir Jeremy Heywood, whose knighthood was effectively awarded by himself, since the Cabinet Office controls the honors system. She should have used Article 50 straight-away. Even better she should have ignored Article 50 altogether, as it’s a trap, and gone with the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties. This implicitly allows withdrawal from a multilateral treaty on 12 months’ notice, and expressly allows withdrawal on three months’ notice only, when there has been a fundamental change of circumstances. The referendum result was clearly one of those. _________ THE ASSASSINATION OF MAX SPIERS Max Spiers I have been somewhat remiss in not condemning this outrage before. I never knew Max, although we were due to meet at the Bases Conference in Pewsey, Wiltshire, on the weekend of August 13-14, where we were to be fellow speakers. Tragically, Max never made it, being assassinated in Poland in June. The Poles are claiming that he died of ‘natural causes’, indeed they put that on his death certificate. Who do the Poles think they are kidding? Had Max lived to speak at the conference I doubt I would have agreed with everything he had to say, although he and I were working, entirely independently, on similar subjects, like the DVD, for which he had a different name. He had a right however to hold his views and to speak his mind. He also had the right to live, although the connivance of the pro-German Polish government in his assassination shows how worthless that right is in the EU. Our own Foreign Office has backed down, sadly, and is going along with the Polish cover-up. The Munich Mentality is alive and well at King Charles St, the arrival of Boris Johnson notwithstanding. Warsaw needs to look out for itself. Agreeing to the assassination, probably by the DVD, of a prominent British conspiracy theorist on Polish soil was an unfriendly act towards Her Majesty. We’re not going to invade Poland, but neither are we going to lift a finger if the Russians do. If Warsaw wants military help against the Russians it can ask its friends the Germans to send a few panzers. Jerry knows the way to Poland. Before you even ask, yes I was told before driving to the conference that one of my fellow-speakers had been assassinated in Poland and no, I did not pull out. Indeed the Bases Project are making a DVD of the speeches and will be putting out a YouTube video. There are far too many speakers, if you ask me, pulling out of conferences at short notice these days on flimsy pretexts like another speaker being assassinated shortly before the conference. _________ KMS Prinz Eugen and HMS Hood Prinz Eugen There were some interesting comments in response to my column last week. One commenter wanted to know what the correct terms for the Germans are. The short answer is that the Germans can be referred to properly as the ‘Huns’, ‘Fritz’, ‘the Boche(s)’, ‘Jerry’, ‘the Jerries’, or, on more formal occasions, simply as ‘the Germans’. The expression ‘the Hun’ as a description of the Germans seems to have come into common usage in 1914, following the invasion of Belgium and Luxembourg by our community partner the Kaiser. ‘Jerry’ came into vogue in 1939, after our community partner Adolf Hitler invaded Poland. A most fascinating fact emerged in the discussion – the Prinz Eugen used High Explosive (HE) ammunition for her main battery during the Battle of the Denmark Strait, which saw the tragic loss of the beautiful and mighty battlecruiser Hood. The source given was Prinz Eugen’s logbook. I think that holds up and that our community partner Kapitän zur See Helmuth Brinkmann did indeed order the use of HE. Why? In order to start a few small fires, that’s why, in order to cover the detonation of an IED in Hood’s magazines by radio-control from the Bismarck. Given the lack of a trajectory for any of the shells from the Bismarck which would explain penetration of Hood’s well-protected main magazines, some naval historians have alighted on the possibility of a shell from Prinz Eugen as having delivered the fatal blow. As I point out in Spyhunter this doesn’t make sense. Prinz Eugen was only a 16,000 ton heavy cruiser, not a mighty 44,000 ton battlecruiser. Her main battery was equipped with 8”/60 cal. guns, scarcely powerful enough to punch through three inches of armor plate at combat range. Redesigned in the light of the painful experience of the Battle of Jutland, Hood’s main deck armor was basically designed to resist incoming supersonic 15” shellfire. Hood’s powerful 15”/42 cal main battery guns could throw out shells the size of Volkswagens at about Mach 2. No warship afloat today could sustain being hit by a broadside from HMS Hood – a nuclear carrier would probably fireball, as the shells penetrated her aviation fuel tanks or bomb and missile magazines. Prinz Eugen’s small 270 lb shells would basically bounce off 3” deck armor, if they even got as far as the main deck (a lot of their energy would be spent penetrating the steel shelter deck). If they were HE, not APC (i.e. armor-piercing) they wouldn’t even penetrate the strong shelter deck. They would explode on impact, causing havoc with ship’s boats, unprotected AA positions and possibly funnels, but they wouldn’t sink a capital ship. The Hun assassinated the Lord Kitchener in World War 1 using an IED, sinking the armored cruiser HMS Hampshire, which was carrying the great general to Russia. Looks like he pulled the same stunt again, this time using radio control rather than a timer. Lloyd George, of course, had wanted Lord Kitchener out of the way, and the Hun still hadn’t forgiven him for whipping his allies the Mad Mahdi (a religious nutter who today would be in ISIS, or the Democratic Party) and the Boers. I have discovered another fact this week about the Prinz Eugen, which confirms my analysis. She was equipped with sonar, and detected Vice-Admiral Holland’s battle squadron at 0500 hours on May 24. The British ships were over the horizon, but they were thundering towards the enemy at high speed, with their Battle Ensigns flying. Hood’s powerful steam turbines gave out 144,000 shaft horsepower, indeed when commissioned in 1920 she was the most powerful moving object yet constructed in the history of mankind. HMS Nelson The next British capital ships, the battleships Rodney and Nelson, had less than a third of Hood’s power. HMS Prince of Wales’s turbines also gave out over 100,000 SHP. The sonar operator on Prinz Eugen would have heard the screws of nearly 100,000 tons of warships (at full load displacement), pushing out nearly a quarter of million horsepower, charging directly towards his ship at 1,000 yards a minute. Under ordinary circumstances we would have expected Jerry to flee. Our community partners the Kriegsmarine had a firm policy of declining combat with a superior enemy, and Admiral Holland’s squadron packed 8 15” and 10 14” main battery guns, plus the 16 8” guns of Real-Admiral Wake-Walker’s cruisers, against Admiral Lutjens’s 8 15” and 8 8”. Why did Admiral Lutjens not withdraw whilst he had the chance? Because he knew the Hood was going to blow up, that’s why, indeed he actually ordered Brinkmann to swing his guns onto Prince of Wales BEFORE poor Hood blew up. He also knew that the treacherous and despicable Cabinet Secretary Sir Edward Bridges, a truly loathsome individual, was going to use the defeat as an excuse to force out Winston Churchill and install the pro-German Lord Halifax as Prime Minister. He also knew that Deputy Führer Rudolf Hess had taken the details of the plan to place an IED on board Hood and sortie the Bismarck to Britain two weeks before. He had of course allowed his ships to be photographed in a Norwegian fjiord by an RAF Spitfire, indeed he ordered his AA gunners not to open fire, to make sure the photos got to the Admiralty. _________ My Reading This Week Political treachery was the subject of my main reading this week (it’s only 512 pages, so obviously I was reading other stuff as well), Liberty’s Last Stand, by Stephen Coonts. Bringing his two heroes, Rear-Admiral Jake Grafton and Tommy Carmellini, together, the novel has a cracking plot. An evil, Muslim, socialist, black man called Barry Soetoro, who actually believes in global warming and hates whites, wins the presidency in 2008. By August 2016, after nearly 8 years in office, the Democratic candidate, a Mrs Hinton, is facing defeat in November. I wonder on which politicians Barry Soetoro and Mrs Hinton might be based? My goodness me, it’s a brain-teaser. I’ll leave you to guess. Soetoro then arranges some Islamic terrorist atrocities and declares martial law, planning to postpone the election. Jake Grafton is arrested by FEMA and flung into a FEMA concentration camp in West Virginia. Civil war ensues, as Texas declares independence. Other states follow. Liberty’s Last Stand moves at a tremendous pace, making serious political points along the way. Lots of FEMA guys get whacked, so it’s a fun read. The plot, moreover, is credible. In his blog about the book, Stephen makes some pertinent observations about the overreach of federal judges and bureaucrats, and the impotence of Congress. Huge swathes of American life are governed not by statutes or the Constitution, but by federal regulations, applied by a bureaucracy which manages to be both heartless and mindless at the same time. There will be a lot of work for President Trump to do. _____________ Related Posts: 1.8 Million Votes Behind, Trump Goes Neocon while voters stats suggesting “hack” are suppressed Prediction: Party of Lesser Evil will win US Election Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) Adelson boosts Trump with $25 million to defeat Clinton TRUTH DIED at the Hands of Katherine Frisk The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Michael Shrimpton on November 6, 2016, With 7566 Reads Filed under Of Interest. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 21 Responses to "Looks like Hillary will be Trumped" JS  November 11, 2016 at 3:37 pm The article comments about Secret Service being unreliable, and Trump should supplement with his own people. Yes, Reagan did this, got his own people after he was shot. I am concerned about the potential of violence at the protests this weekend and onward. If it’s imperative for Trump to have good protection, ditto ditto ditto for President Obama until Trump is sworn in. There is no room for complacency now. I will never forgive what was done to the King family along with the Kennedys, but let there be no repeat. Log in to Reply JS  November 11, 2016 at 11:06 am Remembrance Day today, always a hard day for me. My family always wore the poppies early. I got several of them last Saturday at a funeral, and I put one in the casket. It was appropriate for the wife of a WWII veteran. Max Spiers’ assassination in Poland… I want to echo Mr Shrimpton’s sentiments about Poland. I also feel betrayed. Most of the time, because of my family’s sacrifices for France, Belgium, Holland, and the UK, in both WWI and WWII, those are the countries whose politicians offend me. I will continue to pick on France. I see that there are some efforts on their part lately, to finally honor a few people with the Legion of Honour medal, one of which was handed out very recently to a 97-yr old Canadian woman who is alive to tell her story. But medals will NOT buy redemption. They need to clean up their act. Log in to Reply JS  November 10, 2016 at 7:08 am Russian Duma clapped spontaneously when given the election news. We have pulled back from the brink, and they know it. I will be blunt: the nuclear clock has been turned back, and they know it. Log in to Reply Michael Shrimpton  November 9, 2016 at 6:46 am OK, so I was wrong about New Mexico, Colorado and Nevada, but hey, I’m a Limey! I did however call it right, not just predicting a win, but a big win for Trumpy. Great telegram from dear old Pooters in Moscow. I know I am breaking the habit of a lifetime and blowing my own trumpet, but nobody is else is blowing it, as it were, so I’ll have to blow my own! Log in to Reply jensingr  November 9, 2016 at 11:28 am The writing has been on the wall… only a few seem to be able to read it! Others tried to obscure it! JS  November 10, 2016 at 6:05 am MS, you got 6 of 9 swing states, not bad. The 3 western states were possible also, but they are also full of illegal aliens. The biggest new win is Pennsylvania, which I knew was going to happen. PA put Trump over the top. The pollsters, pundits, and so-called elites are now desperately trying to spin about why they got PA wrong. But they would have known the truth in advance, if they had left their ivory tower offices and walked around talking to real people on Main St. in small towns. JS  November 9, 2016 at 5:56 am Financial markets had a heart attack last night, right about the time the NYT election odds pendulum swung past 50% for Trump. DJIA futures fell 500 points, but later recovered, and are now down about 200. But on the opening bell of the NYSE 40 minutes from now, I expect the markets to blast off higher than the close yesterday. Why? We have a GOP trifecta revolution, getting the White House from an incumbent Dem, as well as getting both houses. And I don’t know the last time such a thing has happened. Maybe the 1950s? It’s insanely bullish for business in general, not just here in the US, but around the world. You heard it here first. Log in to Reply JS  November 10, 2016 at 6:41 am Well, I was right in that comment, made 34 minutes before the opening bell! Markets did blast off, with the Dow making a record high yesterday afternoon, before pulling back a bit. Markets and economies should get better and better over the weeks and months as the reality sinks in, that the election results were a “hat trick” (for those who like sports) or “the full monty” if you will. But there is no room for complacency. The Senate majority is razor-thin, and I would advise ALL Senators and Senators-elect to stay out of small airplanes for a while. Ditto for Trump and Pence! In addition, it is vital that the members of both houses be briefed about the national security situation, and that they put their personal agendas aside long enough for there to be real cooperation and horse-trading to pass or repeal bills, going forward, on the issues that are good for America. “Minor sins” will need to revealed and then forgiven, so that these people can’t be blackmailed for their pasts. JS  November 9, 2016 at 5:46 am Well, it has happened. Trump won. Apparently, Canada’s immigration website crashed last night around 8 pm ET, from the sudden flood of Hollywood celebrities trying to hedge their bets. Very funny! I am offering to teach these guys some Canadian English terms if they are serious. We’ll start with just a few words that start with M: Métis, mukluks, muskeg, moose. Log in to Reply JS  November 9, 2016 at 6:12 am Incidentally, I was in Canada over the weekend, and heard a lot of serious comments about the upcoming US election, as well as voting advice. Some representative comments, from different people: This election will affect the Canadian economy drastically, but we don’t have any say in it… US elections are too long, and too dirty… We feel so sorry for you; you get to choose between a-hole A and a-hole B… If Trump wins, I will close my US bank account because I won’t want to go visit there… Election advice: Make sure you vote for Hillary (accompanied by laughter)… Vote for Trump, he is God’s wrecking ball (no laughter)… JS  November 10, 2016 at 6:52 am In case there is doubt, I did not vote. I am not a US citizen, not yet. I am waiting for Washington DC, NYC, Chicago, and Hollywood, to be cleaned up quite a bit first. I hope Hollywood takes their cue from Vogue UK: less cleavage, and more class, would be nice. jensingr  November 7, 2016 at 3:28 pm Thank you for mentioning the murder of Max Spiers. Another truth seeker they absolutely feared and poisoned. So many have died who exposed a bit of the large picture of corruption that they control with their bloody hitmen, I hope things change for the better soon! Log in to Reply Michael Shrimpton  November 7, 2016 at 12:49 am That was the Germans, Worker Bee! We’re the Good Guys. No surprises re the FBI trying to help Hillary at the last minute. They’ve trashed their reputation to no good purpose, I suspect. Log in to Reply Trakkath  November 6, 2016 at 8:51 pm About Trump both candidates are the 2 sides of the Jesuits coin. Forget about election, all is selection. Log in to Reply Trakkath  November 7, 2016 at 1:00 am BTW my reading this week is Gifting the United Nations to Stalin ht tp://w ww.hallettreport. com/Gifting-the-United-Nations-to-Stalin.html Worker Bee  November 6, 2016 at 3:54 pm “We’re not going to invade Poland, but neither are we going to lift a finger if the Russians do.” – MS Just like 1939 then, eh? Log in to Reply Laura Green  November 7, 2016 at 6:39 am As to Poland invasion ( like 1939 then ???). That depends who has written your history. The victory over German Nazis is also twisted, and is stolen by Anglo -American coalition in spite of the knowledge that it (coalition) joined Russians against Germ. close to the end of war. Michael Shrimpton  November 6, 2016 at 2:31 pm Indeed, we do not have administrative law in England as understood in Europe. The SI Act really only codified the arrangements for SIs. They still had to be intra vires or lawful. The concept of supremacy of community law sits uneasily with our concept of the supremacy of Parliament. Log in to Reply Pyotr  November 6, 2016 at 12:58 pm A good read Mr Shrimpton, thank you. In particular I am fascinated by the whole EU congame being played. But one point I would really like to see clarified is the interface between EU law which is I believe Administrative Law, and British Law Practices which rely upon Common Law: I comprehend that the statutory instruments act in (1946/7?) is supposed to render legal Britains takeup of continental Administrative Law; but does it? I remember reading a long time ago in Halsbury’s Law that Administrative Law is not legal in Great Britain. Might you write upon the convolutions: Probably unlawful, that are relied upon to seemingly regularise this? Log in to Reply Aziz Khalfan  November 6, 2016 at 11:57 am It is not Germany baba, it is the perfidious Israel. Log in to Reply Peter Johnson  November 7, 2016 at 4:55 pm Michael Shrimpton’s job is to confuse people. You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times US Media Reports of anti-Trump protests are unreliable at best Restaurant denies free Veterans Day meal to black veteran after man in Trump shirt accuses him of lying Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab Too Little Too Late for Merkel: Germany Begins Roundup of Erdogan Terror Cells Obama tours Europe to soothe fears over Trump’s stance on NATO, TTIP deal Balochistan Blasts and the Issue of Pak-Afghan Border Syrian War Report – November 15, 2016: 500 Militants Were Killed in Clashes in Western Aleppo PART III: Neoconizing the Just War Doctrine in the service of American empire Empowering Veterans – Rebuilding the American Nation Army Special Forces soldiers killed in Jordan were working for the CIA SouthFront: Turkey Seizing More Syrian Territory while Russian Fleet Readies for Attack 1.8 Million Votes Behind, Trump Goes Neocon while voters stats suggesting “hack” are suppressed Israeli ministers okay draft bill to legalize Jewish settlements on private Palestinian land Iran Ready for Joint Military Drills with China Trump Asks to Postpone Fraud Trial until after His Inauguration Most Americans Go to Polls in History But Voting at Lowest Level Since 1996? Today in Trumpland, Life on the other side of the mirror Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network (78621) Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) (23412) Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup (15732) Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? (15221) We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? (13480) Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) (10945) Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies (9176) 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor (9171) Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans (8498) Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? (8217) Worker Bee: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” Simpsons Donkey: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” James Robertson: A Nation of Utter and Complete Morons Actually Believes Black-Box “Election Results” George Bowling: Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Vladimir Putin to Donald Trump: Did you get my beautiful letter? Dr. Abu-Bakr Susta: Obama, Clinton, helpless at Russian election grab LC: Exclusive: The US is up for uneasy times JS: Election Wrapup LC: Making America Great Means Ending the War on Islam and the People of Afghanistan VT Readers Poll Should USA break up into (2) separate countries, one Whites Only and other Everyone Else? Yes No Not Sure View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Dr. Ashraf Ezzat Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jack Heart Jack Speer-Williams Jane Rosenstein Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Katherine Frisk Kevin Barrett Michael Shrimpton Muhammed Ali Carter Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Richard Edmondson Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 It’s All Bullish in the End as Stocks Post Best Week Since 2014 We Should Take Our Cues From the Market — Not Politicians In personal finance, there’s a gender divide How to Streamline Your Business Using Video Conferences Short Term Investments for Veterans National News View all Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Brown students tore up, threw out American flags at Veterans Day ceremony Chili’s under fire after manager takes free meal from vet on Veterans Day US, British ‘Clean House’ to Delete Syria Terror Links Leftist Loons Want a Civil War EU Holds Meeting to Discuss Trump VA Home Loans View all Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels Mortgage Rates Rise to Near Pre-Brexit Levels How Can A Little Strategy Help You Win Big Eight Reasons to Invest in the Forex Market 7 guidelines on how to finance small business Veteran Affairs Renews Contract with Black Knight Career News View all 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now 9 High-Rated Companies Hiring Veterans Now MDRC Joins HireVeterans.com! Kohler Joins HireVeterans.com! Former sergeant channels years of guilt into hope for veterans How You Can Pay Veterans Back With a Job Network News View all Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT Expose Journalists Elizabeth Gould and Paul Fitzgerald Join VT VOTE: Message from VT General Manager John Allen James Hall – Former Political Operative Joins VNN Sherwood Ross: Award-Winning Reporter Joins Veterans Today Writers Staff Rag Radio host Thorne Dreyer Joins VT Radio VT LIVE Radio TV Video Media   Listen Live Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: Dr. Preston James is the guest Short End Of The Stick with Mike Harris: John Denugent and Kevin Barrett TCK Radio: Josh Tolley “Post Election Prognosis, Putin & Preparedness” RAG RADIO: ‘The Resisitible Rise of Donald J. Trump’ with Jonathan Tilove & Glenn W. Smith Freeing our Minds to Reclaim our Nations: Radio Free Kanata TRUTH JIHAD: Gordon Duff on Trump’s election theft TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH Breaking/Exclusive: Comey Lied: FBI “Synced” Weiner Laptop Under Misused Terror Warrant – Updated Australian 60 Minutes exposed the Worldwide Satanic Pedophile Network “Lock Him Up” Trump Faces Possible Jail for Insurance Fraud Breaking/Exclusive: The New 9/11, Information In, Israel Rigs an Election (updating) The City of London’s ReColonization of America The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) Rodrigo Duterte: I am officially through with the New World Order BREAKING: Comey Admits to Fabricating Email Investigation, Rigging Election in FBI Secret Memo Time to take down the flag as most Americans surrender to a foreign backed coup Yes, the election WAS stolen – so who “sent” Trump? Why the Red Poppy Holds Valuable Symbolism for War Veterans Wikileaks Tracked to Haifa, Trump’s Real Campaign Headquarters and more, much more We “conspiracy theorists” won – so why aren’t I celebrating? Israel makes ‘Hail Mary’ move to influence US election – FBI commit treason? Vladimir Putin Is Morally and Intellectually Destroying the New World Order LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog II Top 10 reasons to be a holocaust denier VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Who Towers Behind Trump? Rodrigo Duterte to New World Order agents: “I’ll humiliate you” New World Order, Weiner and Revelation Trump is the Anti-Obama, Just Like Obama Was the Anti-Bush (But It’s All a Con Game) Disclosure: Beyond the Burning the FBI, VT Breaks New Ground(part IV) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election LUCIFER in the Temple of the Dog I Tying it together, Wikileaks, the FBI and the Mob Part V 1933: Trump Elected Chancellor Russia petrifies the New World Order and its agents—again Qatari princess having sex with seven men Disclosure: Hillary Campaign Knew Trump Aided by Intel Agencies Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) FBI “Insurrection” to Scuttle Director, Rig Election: part 2 NEO – Mosul Offensive Reveals Larger Geopolitical Game Plan Admiral Kuznetsov Carrier Group Saved Syria From US Cruise Missile Strikes Rose McGowan: I was raped by a studio head in Hollywood Will the Powers That Be assassinate Donald Trump? Press TV: Duff Buries the Trump/ISIS Lie Machine Loser of the Day: Porn Star Turns Down $10k Trump Offer Looks like Hillary will be Trumped Armageddon Proportions Western Media attacks Aleppo with Guided Missile Lies Vladimir Putin to George Soros: Thank God we kicked you out of Russia Assad: New World Order agents (like John Kerry) have no political or intellectual teeth The Fall of the Saudis, the Battle after ISIS Power, Pedophilia and the US Government Confirmation: British Pegida leader is an Israeli op American Nightmare: Tyranny Under the FBI, an American Reality (Part III) October Boomerang COINTELPRO II: The FBI Informant Army and Donald Trump VI (updated) The New World Order is melting in the heat of its own contradiction Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video Download Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Affairs | Net Radio | Veterans Jobs | Career News | VA Home Loans | Money | Forums | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In NRI More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance NRI US & Canada News Middle East News Other News NRI Achievers Citizen Journalists About Citizen Journalists Citizen Journalists Reports Apply FAQs Editorial Guidelines Videos News Entertainment Celebs Movies Lifestyle Sports Tech Business Auto Funny ALL News Home » NRI » US & Canada News India inflicts heavy damage on Pak posts after unprovoked shelling killed 2 soldiers MP: Scolded over uniform, student fires at school principal Watch: Farmers burn stubble despite government's ban Watch: Crocodile rescued from residential compound Watch: Team India celebrates Virat Kohli's birthday Watch: Trump's son takes part in 'aarti' ahead of polls 'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky in Congressional run Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda.PTI | Nov 6, 2016, 10.02 PM IST Rohit "Ro" Khanna (Image: twitter/RoKhannaUSA) WASHINGTON: Backed by top IT companies of the Silicon Valley, Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda to represent the 17th Congressional district of California, whose residents stretch from Tesla Motors factory in Fremont to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino--taking in Intel, Yahoo, and eBay along the way. In the primaries, early this summer, Khanna received more votes than eight-term incumbent Honda. California electoral system allows the top two winners of the primaries to proceed to the general polls, even if they are from the same party. Khanna narrowly lost to Honda in 2014 Congressional polls. "From what I hear a lot of internal polling shows that he is six-eight points ahead," M R Rangaswami, a Silicon Valley investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist told PTI. But based on his experience, he is not taking for granted and is campaigning hard in his constituency. "He would be a fantastic face to the Silicon Valley," said Rangaswami, a leading Indian-American figure in the Valley. Rangaswami said having Khanna represent California would be one of the best things for Indian-Americans, who have a quarter-million presence in the Valley. "He is going to be a go-to guy, because he is a person who really understands technologies. He is going to be fantastic," he said. Among others, Khanna has been endorsed by former president Jimmy Carter, California Lt Governor Gavin Newsom and San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo. Khanna's commitment to public service was inspired by his grandfather Amarnath Vidyalankar, who told him stories about his participation in Mahatma Gandhi's Indian independence movement and spending years in jail to promote human rights. "He was my early inspiration," Khanna said in an interview. He became involved in politics while attending the University of Chicago, where he worked on the campaign of the then Illinois State Senator Barack Obama. Khanna was born in 1976 in Philadelphia to parents who migrated from India. He also interned for Jack Quinn when Quinn served as the Chief of Staff for Vice President Al Gore. The San Francisco Chronicle has identified the 17th Congressional District as one of the top three most important races outside of the presidential race. Like 2014 elections, local media is predicting a close race in this Congressional district. "Six weeks ago I would have picked a free and clear victory for Khanna. But now I'm not so sure," said Larry Gerston, professor emeritus of political science at San Jose State. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular UK announces new visa crackdown on non-EU nationals Legal quagmire looms as Clinton, Trump run neck-and-neck With only about 100 hours to go before Election Day, more than 100 million American voters who are yet to exercise their franchise are being bombarded with messages that paint of dire picture of the United States if they make the wrong choice: Tata group employees' new problem — How to manage two bosses Fighting intensifies in Iraq, more civilians flee Mosul Hundreds of civilians fled on foot from their homes in the south of Mosul as Iraqi special forces pushed further into Islamic State group-held territory. Hong Kong rally against Beijing intervention Thousands of people rallied in the streets of Hong Kong to protest against Beijing's interpretation of an article in Hong Kong's constitution, known as the Basic Law. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreTesla Motorssilicon valleyObamaMahatma Gandhijimmy carter Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Indian-American publication endorses Hillary Clinton for president Indian teen arrested in US for cyber attack choking 911 lines 8-month-old Indian-origin boy killed after being struck by van 1'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky in Congressional run 2Indian-American publication endorses Hillary Clinton for president 3Indian teen arrested in US for cyber attack choking 911 lines 48-month-old Indian-origin boy killed after being struck by van About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 BSF Air Pollution US Elections 2016 US Election Results Google Pixel XL One Rank One Pension Ceasefire Violation by Pakistan Delhi Pollution Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Mobile   /   Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone       Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-11-06 Print               The chip maker set another world record last month by putting 500 of the drones into the sky at the same time and controlling them from a single PC. Drones are an important part of Intel's growth plans, and the chip maker continues to expand its presence in the nascent space. Drones have become a consistent presence in keynote addresses and showroom floors during such events as the Intel Developer Forum, the company has bought and invested in a number of drone technology vendors, and CEO Brian Krzanich chairs an advisory board to the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) created to help the agency create regulations for drones. In August, Intel unveiled its Aero Platform aimed at developers and the Aero Ready to Fly drone that is coming at the end of the year. Last month, Intel introduced the Falcon 8+, the company's first branded drone built off work done on the Falcon 8, a commercial eight-rotor drone developed by Ascending Technologies. Intel had worked with the startup before buying it earlier this year. Intel officials see their products—from processors to software like the 3D RealSense technology—as good fits for drones. The company also has shown how drones can be used for entertainment purposes, setting a world record earlier this year by putting 100 drones into the air simultaneously, all of which were controlled by a single pilot. Now Intel is taking that aspect of drones even further. The chip maker on Nov. 4 unveiled a new drone designed specifically for such light shows, and announced that the company in October had set a new Guinness World Record by having 500 of the drones—called the Intel Shooting Star—in the air at the same time, again being controlled by a single pilot. Most drones currently being used for commercial purposes are focused on such work as inspections and mapping, according to Natalie Cheung, director of marketing and light show business development in Intel's UAV (Unmanned Aerial Vehicle) Group. With Shooting Star and the demonstration in Germany with the 500 drones, Intel officials want to show how drones can be used for entertainment purposes, Cheung told eWEEK. "It's a very different perspective of drones," she said, adding that it was "mind-blowing" to see what 500 lit drones looked like lighting up the night sky. In a post on the company blog, Anil Nanduri, vice president in Intel's New Technology Group and general manager of unmanned aviation systems for the Perceptual Computing Group, wrote that "with this drone, we will be able to demonstrate that drone light shows can redefine entertainment and create amazing new experiences in the night sky." The Shooting Star quadcopter is fairly unique, Cheung said. It's been designed for safety—it's made of foam and plastic, uses LED lights, has cages around the propellers and uses geofencing to limit where it flies. It weighs about half a pound, and is about 15 inches long and just over 3 inches high, she said. Intel uses algorithms to place the drones and determine flight paths. The drone market—for both consumers and business users—is expected to grow rapidly. In a recent report on the general state of aviation in the United States, the FAA earlier this year predicted that by 2020, about 4.3 million UAVs will be sold to consumers and another 2.7 million will be sold to businesses for commercial use. Cheung said Intel officials can see multiple commercial uses for the Shooting Star drones, from fireworks-like displays during large public events to in-sky advertising. Along with the Shooting Star drone and new world record, Intel this past week also announced it bought MAVinci, a German drone company known for its flight planning software. "With this transaction, we are gaining expertise in flight planning software algorithms and also fixed-wing drone design capabilities that complement the technology and knowledge Intel previously acquired from Ascending Technologies," Nanduri wrote. "This new acquisition will play a key role in providing solutions for industries such as agriculture, insurance, construction, mining and more."           LATEST MOBILE ARTICLES   Apple And PayPal Enable Payments Through Siri Voice Commands Revamped Google Play Music to Use Machine Learning to Suggest Songs Google Rebuts EU Complaint About Android Bundling Charges GoPro Recalls All 2,500 of the New Karma Drones Sold to Customers Google Gives Gmail for iOS Major Overhaul                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Nouveau Needs Help Testing Their New Atomic Mode-Setting Support Written by Michael Larabel in Nouveau on 6 November 2016 at 08:42 AM EST. 4 Comments A few days ago I wrote about Nouveau atomic mode-setting and DP MST patches while now DRM subsystem maintainer Ben Skeggs is soliciting more testing from the open-source NVIDIA community for trying these big changes to the Nouveau KMS driver. Ben wrote Friday on the Nouveau mailing list, "As the atomic modesetting transition is basically a rewrite of the KMS portion of the driver, I would be very grateful for any additional testing that people could provide (even as simple as just booting and making sure you get a display is valuable)." If you have some time this weekend or in the week ahead and don't mind building an experimental kernel, fire it up. The Nouveau code continues to be developed on GitHub. Nouveau's atomic support trails the Intel driver which has good atomic support since Linux 4.9 while is coming out sooner than the AMDGPU code that depends upon DAL and haven't seen any atomic work for the mature Radeon DRM driver. Atomic mode-setting allows setting output modes more cleanly and straight-forward by either being able to succeed or fail in one-go while also being able to test a desired mode in advance of the commit operation, reducing possible flickering situations while being faster. The DisplayPort Multi-Stream Transport (DP MST) allows for powering multiple monitors off a single DisplayPort connection while is also used by some higher-end displays. So far the comments from this test request on the mailing list do indicate some regressions, including miniDP to DVI adapters not working. Hopefully the Nouveau atomic support will be ready to go for Linux 4.10. 4 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Nouveau News Nouveau Exposes Performance Counters For Maxwell Initial NVIDIA GP102 Support In Nouveau DRM Nouveau Atomic + DP MST Support Already Staged For Linux 4.10 Via DRM-Next Nouveau DRM Driver Progressing With Atomic Mode-Setting, DP MST Initial Nouveau DRM Changes Queued For Linux 4.10 NVIDIA Maxwell Support Patches For The Nouveau X.Org Driver Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Click here to navigate Beauty & Fashion Food Technology Travel & Leisure Health & Wellness Home & Garden Money Saving Tips 8 Best Things to Buy in November November 4, 2016 ♦ Alyssa Miles ♦ Money Saving Tips ♦ 0 Comments Tweet Like Plus Pin It Share What’s the first thing that comes to mind when you think of November? If you’re a shopper, Black Friday and Cyber Monday might be on par with that other day when people eat turkey — what’s it called again? And it’s the month when you’ll find some of the best deals of the year. The good news is you don’t have to wait until Thanksgiving night to find low prices, especially if you shop online. Here are some of the best deals to track this month. TVs and Electronics Just about anyone with a screen has seen viral video of the fights that break out over big screen TVs. Yes, the prices are that good; but this year skip the madness, spend turkey day with your family, and order online on Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016. Among the most popular electronics items are HDTVs, especially 4K. Go with this highly rated Samsung 55″ LED 2160p Smart 4K Ultra HD TV. Best Buy Coupon Codes Computers and Tablets ‘Tis the season for new desktops, laptops, tablets and smartphones. The best news? With Intel’s faster new Skylake processors released in September, there’s a glut of last generation models on sale. These computers and software work just fine for the average family. Apple lovers know that the best the brand can usually do is offer a gift card with purchase. Buy online at big box stores to save the most. For example, you can expect to shave about $200 off a MacBook Pro 13.3-inch notebook at Best Buy. Best Buy Coupon Codes Discount Cookware Rarely are good deals and necessity so perfectly aligned. If you have a crowd to cook for over the holidays, get your oven mitts on cookware, bakeware and small appliances. Some of the most popular appliances this season are upscale blenders and food processors and the Instant Pot, a programmable pressure cooker, rice cooker, steamer and warmer. It’s achieved cult-like status among busy moms and whole foods aficionados alike. Walmart Coupon Codes Hardware and Tools Get going on those last minute home improvement projects, or replace the old drill that was on its last thread in August. You’ll find November deals on both power and hand tools. And the handy person in your life will probably thrill to see a new miter saw under the tree. Save the most by ordering online and picking up in the store. Popular this year are cordless stick drills and this brand new, adjustable length screwdriver by Klein Tools. Buy direct from the company or use a coupon code for Amazon. Amazon Coupon Codes Popular Toys Toy sales on Black Friday have outshone December sales for three years now. Plan to shop Black Friday for the major wants, and pick up extras in December. Every year has an I-gotta-have-it gizmo. This year, the “it” toy is the Star Wars collection, hands down. The hottest: Legendary Jedi Master Yoda with voice recognition, the ability to speak 115 phrases, and 360-degree motorized movement. Walmart Coupon Codes Clothing and Accessories Everyone knows Black Friday is one of the best times to snag a new outfit, especially what’s on-trend right now. Sometimes it’s important to eyeball the fabric and cut; but some things, like hoodies, jeans, and things you’ve bought before, are easier and cheaper to buy online. This is a good time to stack coupon codes with markdowns for an even better deal. In demand: a faux suede moto jacket from the limited edition LC Lauren Conrad Runway Collection at Kohl’s. Kohl’s Coupon Codes November Travel Deals The dollar’s strength makes for some incredible European travel savings. Book now and enjoy a steal of a deal on holidays abroad, or get rock-bottom prices on a summer 2017 vacation. Look around and you will spot European cruises for under $1,300 a person, or six-night stays with airfare in Ireland for less than $900. Closer to home, Las Vegas hotels also offer some of their best rates of the year this month, too. Cheap Tickets Coupon Codes Halloween Candy and Costumes News flash:  the trick-or-treat candy you’ve shoved in the back of the closet is now half off in stores.  If it’s not something worth stashing away for next year, like chocolate, indulge your sweet tooth now. You might need the pick-me-up during shopping marathons. Costume Halloween retailers are also eager to get rid of costumes, yard animatronics and other decorations. Think ahead and get some for next year, like this Gaseous Fog Zombie Animatronic. Spirit Halloween Coupon Codes Retailers are predicting a strong season to parallel a strengthening economy and lower unemployment. Perhaps you’re just ready to flex those shopping muscles, too. If so, November is the perfect time to fire up the computer and go for it. No related posts. Alyssa Miles Student, Cat-Mom and Social Media Spaz Related Posts Buy Like Buffett: Save Money on Cell Phone Plans Most of us could not make it through our daily… The Tech-pert: MagicJack and Other Options for Cheaper Smartphone Calling Plans I’ve often said it’s not the price of smartphones that… 8 Budget-friendly Holiday Gifts for Co-workers Got a Secret Santa gift exchange coming up at the… Leave a Reply Cancel comment reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Find Us On Facebook https://www.facebook.com/EZPZLifeHacks/ Recent Popular Comments The Superfecta of Shopping: Black Friday, Small Business Saturday, Cyber Monday, and Free Shipping Day: Black Friday, Small Business Saturday, Cyber Monday and Free Shipping… Top 4 Tips to Stay Fit and Healthy Over the Holidays: Fall is upon us, and that means gathering and sharing… 45 Restaurants with Veterans Day Specials: If you have served our country, plenty of restaurants are… I Resolve to Start 2010 on the Right Foot: Hopefully y’all are enjoying the first day of 2010 without… Regretsy’s Crafter School Special: Make Your Own Snooki Mask: When Savings.com asked me to create a weekly DIY tutorial… The Tech-pert: 5 Things You Should Know About the Kindle Fire, Amazon’s New Tablet: The word “game-changer” gets thrown around a lot, but that’s… Kaitlyn: All of these are so neat! The concrete slabs are…... Kristen Schwarz: oooooh! Delicious deals! :D... Discount Ink: Will you Skip the Crazy and forgo Black Friday to…... Categories Beauty & Fashion Everything Else Food Giveaways Health & Wellness Holidays & Events Home & Garden Infographics Money Saving Tips Newsworthy Personal Finance Shop Smarter Spotlight Deals Stuff We Like Technology Travel & Leisure Uncategorized Next Post: How To Style Up Your Home – 50 Washi Tape Ideas → ← Previous Post: How to Get Healthy, Clear Skin (Hint: Avoid These Bad Foods) Go to Savings.com ©2016 Savings.com
null
null
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Smartphones Microsoft Surface phone images leak; when will Windows 10 mobile flagship be unveiled? The Windows 10 mobile OS-powered Surface phone series is expected to make its debut either at CES 2017 or MWC 2017. Rohit KVN   November 6, 2016 16:12 IST 4 Shares 4 Shares Microsoft Surface phone images leak; Windows 10 mobile flagship phone launch imminent?Evan Blass (aka @evleaks) via Twitter Microsoft launched the mid-range Lumia 650 in February 2016. But since then, the company has not launched any smartphone, leading many to believe that the Redmond-based company might be working on the rumoured Surface phone series. And now, images of the speculated device have leaked online, hinting that the launch is just around the corner. Popular spy Evan Blass (@evleaks) has shared three images of Microsoft Surface phones powered by Intel's PC grade processor. This apparently led to a raging debate on social media platforms over the authenticity of the Microsoft phone. Some claimed it to be a concept phone and others suggested it was Dell's rejected phone model. Why advertise with us? Related New image of HTC Bolt with attractive black shade leaked ahead of launch Verizon rolls out Android Marshmallow to BlackBerry Priv Blass, in a bid to end the confusion, released a few more pictures this time with promotional snapshots of the fully working smartphone and confirmed it was a real deal. So far, Microsoft has not made any official comment on the Surface phones, but going by the leaked images, it looks like the company has completed the prototype testing and finalised the model for mass productions. That being said, Microsoft is unlikely to unveil Surface phone series this year, as it is a bit late. We are already in November, penultimate month of the year, and all the rivals — Samsung, Google, Apple and others — have all launched their respective flagship phones of 2016. .@tomwarren Much more than just a concept. Stay tuned. pic.twitter.com/KmPYCPyGV4— Evan Blass (@evleaks) November 4, 2016 Microsoft Surface phone images leak; Windows 10 mobile flagship phone launch imminent?Evan Blass (@evleaks) via Twitter If Microsoft really wanted to launch a phone, it would have used the October 26 event, but it chose only to showcase the Surface Book and the Studio desktop series, hinting that the company has a strategy in place to make a big splash to get consumers' attention. Also read: Samsung buys AI-developer Viv Labs, owned by original Apple Siri creators; Will Galaxy S8 come with AI-assistant? We believe, Microsoft is most likely to use either the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) 2017, Las Vegas (January 5-8), or the Mobile World Congress 2017, Barcelona (February 27-March 2), as a launch pad to unveil the Surface phone, where former OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) Nokia and reigning leader Samsung are also slated to unveil new Android-powered flagship phones. Also read: Nokia confirms participation in MWC 2017; Finnish company poised to return with a bang Watch this space for more updates. Also read Xiaomi Mi Mix units gets sold in just 10 seconds Huawei launches Samsung Galaxy Note7 alternative Mate 9 with Leica dual-camera Quick Links Microsoft Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Multiple value-for-money phones in US found to transmit confidential user data to Chinese servers: Report 9 minutes ago By Rahul R Mafia 3: Lincoln Clay DLC and more now live across Xbox One, PS4 and PC platforms 41 minutes ago By Rahul R Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular OnePlus 3T round-up: What we know so far The upcoming OnePlus 3T is expected to come with several upgrades in terms of processor, camera and more, over the original OnePlus 3 model. Battlefield 1 Fall Update now limiting multiplayer gameplay temporarily You will not be able to play Multiplayer mode for an hour when the Battlefield 1 Fall Update is deployed. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod custom ROM on HTC One (M8). Steps to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod CM 14.1 ROM on LG G4 Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM on LG G4 Mafia 4 could feature multiplayer and more upon release If you think about multiplayer and more save slots in Mafia 4, you are on the right track. Black Friday 2016 date announced: Microsoft Surface Pro, Oculus Rift, Xbox One and more on sale Microsoft's Black Friday sale goes hand in hand with Best Buy, Office Depot and others. Xiaomi's affordable 3D printer will bring new tech to the masses Xiaomi's 3D printer might send waves of interest to other tech companies. Photo Gallery Kabir Khan launches Vivo V5 smartphone Photos of Kabir Khan launches Vivo V5 smartphone. Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja Photos of Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Sci/Tech 500 flying drones in Germany break Guinness world record (guinnessworldrecords) Shares46 Sun, 6 Nov 2016-02:30pm , Berlin , PTI All 500 drones moved as a single fleet, and was operated by one pilot, with a laptop. A new Guinness World Record has been set for the most Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) flying simultaneously, as 500 drones performed a flawless routine together and put on the spectacular light show in Germany. The record challenge featured a new UAV, weighing just 280 grammes and electrically operated with a rotor for flying, specifically designed for putting on dramatic lightshows. All of the 500 drones moved as a single fleet, operated by one pilot with a laptop. Guinness World Records adjudicator Lena Kuhlmann officiated the attempt, counted the drones and ensured they all remained airborne for a minimum of one minute. Intel Corporation put on the light show produced by hundreds of individual drones each fitted with an LED light in a football field in Germany. The company first achieved this Guinness World Records title in 2015 with 100 drones. The UAVs flew in a formation and drew the number '500' and then the company logo. "These drones are able to fly as a fleet, this is the first time ever we can show it works so well with so many drones!" said Daniel Gurdan, Intel Engineering Lead. "We're showing regulators around the world that UAV technologies used the right ways can help shape new rules for manned and unmanned aerial vehicles," said Natalie Cheung, Intel Light Show Business Lead. TOP TOP < AAP govt diluting environment protection laws: Congress   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Tinder's new update is transgender-friendly Sci/Tech Google's PhotoScan app turns old photos into digital memories Sci/Tech Gionee launches S9 with dual rear camera in China Sci/Tech Vivo V5 launches in India with 20-megapixel front camera, for Rs 17,980 Sci/Tech After massive public request, Whatsapp video calling reaches India tonight! Sci/Tech War on black money: This app can help you find an ATM that actually has cash! Next Article > Did you know how Sooraj Pancholi wished Athiya Shetty on her birthday? < Previous ArticleNext Article > AAP govt diluting environment protection laws: Congress Next node Did you know how Sooraj Pancholi wished Athiya Shetty on her birthday? Related Watch cute Chinese robot walk its way to Guinness world records Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags Guinness World Records Unmanned Aerial Vehicles UAVs Lena Kuhlmann Intel Engineering Lead UAV technologies Intel Light Show Web Exclusive trending Drones Intel Intel drones SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Pakistan holds military exercise close to Indian border Winter session: PM says govt is ready to discuss all issues 100 feared dead in Mediterranean after migrant boat capsize Indonesia police pursue blasphemy case against Jakarta's Christian governor as tension simmers Newly elected Indian-Americans lawmakers aim to work together to achieve common goals Sport Jurgen Klopp has given Liverpool winning mentality: Philippe Coutinho ATP Finals: Novak Djokovic digs deep to repel Milos Raonic onslaught #INDvENG: James Anderson's inclusion will definitely make England stronger in Vizag: Anil Kumble Lionel Messi leads Argentina team ban on talking to media Australian decline heading West Indian way? Brian Lara believes so Entertainment Scoop: Irrfan Khan roped in for Salman Khan's next production No bikini for Priyanka Chopra in 'Baywatch'! Another award in Sonam Kapoor's kitty for 'Neerja'! Shocking! Ranbir Kapoor and Ranveer Singh make fun of Katrina Kaif on Koffee with Karan! Kissing scenes in "Befikre" will offend no one, says Ranveer Singh Money CPI inflation may fall below 4% in Nov-Dec: Citigroup Sensex erases initial gains, still up 173 points Chaos, long queues continue at banks; most ATMs out of cash Demonetization: RBI issues guidelines for use of indelible ink Rupee gains 19 paise against dollar in early trade Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
rediff.com Rediff News News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » News » US election: 'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky US election: 'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky November 06, 2016 14:06 IST Backed by top IT companies of the Silicon Valley, Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda to represent the 17th Congressional district of California, whose residents stretch from Tesla Motors factory in Fremont to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino—taking in Intel, Yahoo, and eBay along the way. In the primaries, early this summer, Khanna received more votes than eight-term incumbent Honda. California electoral system allows the top two winners of the primaries to proceed to the general polls, even if they are from the same party. Khanna narrowly lost to Honda in 2014 Congressional polls. "From what I hear a lot of internal polling shows that he is six-eight points ahead," M R Rangaswami, a Silicon Valley investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist said. But based on his experience, he is not taking for granted and is campaigning hard in his constituency. "He would be a fantastic face to the Silicon Valley," said Rangaswami, a leading Indian-American figure in the Valley. Rangaswami said having Khanna represent California would be one of the best things for Indian-Americans, who have a quarter-million presence in the Valley. "He is going to be a go-to guy, because he is a person who really understands technologies. He is going to be fantastic," he said. Among others, Khanna has been endorsed by former president Jimmy Carter, California Lt Governor Gavin Newsom and San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo. Khanna's commitment to public service was inspired by his grandfather Amarnath Vidyalankar, who told him stories about his participation in Mahatma Gandhi's Indian independence movement and spending years in jail to promote human rights. "He was my early inspiration," Khanna said in an interview. He became involved in politics while attending the University of Chicago, where he worked on the campaign of the then Illinois State Senator Barack Obama. Khanna was born in 1976 in Philadelphia to parents who migrated from India. He also interned for Jack Quinn when Quinn served as the Chief of Staff for Vice President Al Gore. The San Francisco Chronicle has identified the 17th Congressional District as one of the top three most important races outside of the presidential race. Like 2014 elections, local media is predicting a close race in this Congressional district. "Six weeks ago I would have picked a free and clear victory for Khanna. But now I'm not so sure," said Larry Gerston, professor emeritus of political science at San Jose State. © Copyright 2016 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. Tags: Khanna, Silicon Valley, Rangaswami, Mike Honda, Jack Quinn Share this Write a Comment Print this article   MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED PHOTOS: The Rs 500 crore big fat Reddy wedding WTF News! It's Weird, True and Funny Cash Crisis: Day 8: Aaj ki Taaza Khabar! Should India retain Mishra for the Vizag Test? Ensure ink for money deposit does not create problems for voters: EC to Centre Days after 'surgical strike' on graft, babu gets new notes in bribe Ready for Supermoon tonight? War on cash, India-Japan n-deal: Modi bends like Beckham Have more projects in mind to fight graft: PM PM claims demonetisation win; says the corrupt are sleepless now Zakir Naik's NGO outlawed by government for 5 years Ban on notes will turn out to be a huge scam: Rahul Now, a citizens' petition for Ram temple AND mosque in Ayodhya Ready to work with CPI-M to save country: Mamata on note ban 'Extremely cheap': Opposition slams PM's emotional speech Stars spotted!  What's this? Spotted: Shatrughan Sinha in Kuwait Reader Kazi Abdul Karim sent us a photograph. More stars spotted Met a celebrity? Email us photos & videos Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz News India  |  Latest News India  |  Bollywood News  |  Indian Cricket Score  |  India Business News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2014 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Coffee exports up 18.6 pc to 2.14 lakh tonnes in Apr-Oct Telangana plans to use services of prisoners with good conduct Business Standard 'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky in Congressional run Press Trust of India  |  Washington  November 6, 2016 Last Updated at 12:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJ94Tq Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Obama signs into law new restrictions on Syrian antiquities Obama asks Turkey to 'act within the rule of law' Male loos in US to have baby change facility; Obama signs law Obama signs major overhaul of toxic chemicals rules into law Obama slams 'testing' Muslims in US as 'repugnant' Backed by top IT companies of the Silicon Valley, Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda to represent the 17th Congressional district of California, whose residents stretch from Tesla Motors factory in Fremont to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino-taking in Intel, Yahoo, and eBay along the way. In the primaries, early this summer, Khanna received more votes than eight-term incumbent Honda. California electoral system allows the top two winners of the primaries to proceed to the general polls, even if they are from the same party. Khanna narrowly lost to Honda in 2014 Congressional polls. "From what I hear a lot of internal polling shows that he is six-eight points ahead," M R Rangaswami, a Silicon Valley investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist told PTI. But based on his experience, he is not taking for granted and is campaigning hard in his constituency. "He would be a fantastic face to the Silicon Valley," said Rangaswami, a leading Indian-American figure in the Valley. Rangaswami said having Khanna represent California would be one of the best things for Indian-Americans, who have a quarter-million presence in the Valley. "He is going to be a go-to guy, because he is a person who really understands technologies. He is going to be fantastic," he said. Among others, Khanna has been endorsed by former president Jimmy Carter, California Lt Governor Gavin Newsom and San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo. Khanna's commitment to public service was inspired by his grandfather Amarnath Vidyalankar, who told him stories about his participation in Mahatma Gandhi's Indian independence movement and spending years in jail to promote human rights. "He was my early inspiration," Khanna said in an interview. He became involved in politics while attending the University of Chicago, where he worked on the campaign of the then Illinois State Senator Barack Obama. Khanna was born in 1976 in Philadelphia to parents who migrated from India. He also interned for Jack Quinn when Quinn served as the Chief of Staff for Vice President Al Gore. The San Francisco Chronicle has identified the 17th Congressional District as one of the top three most important races outside of the presidential race. Like 2014 elections, local media is predicting a close race in this Congressional district. "Six weeks ago I would have picked a free and clear victory for Khanna. But now I'm not so sure," said Larry Gerston, professor emeritus of political science at San Jose State. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Honda | Barack Obama | Law PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online 'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky in Congressional run Backed by top IT companies of the Silicon Valley, Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda to represent the 17th Congressional district of California, whose residents stretch from Tesla Motors factory in Fremont to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino-taking in Intel, Yahoo, and eBay along the way. In the primaries, early this summer, Khanna received more votes than eight-term incumbent Honda. California electoral system allows the top two winners of the primaries to proceed to the general polls, even if they are from the same party. Khanna narrowly lost to Honda in 2014 Congressional polls. "From what I hear a lot of internal polling shows that he is six-eight points ahead," M R Rangaswami, a Silicon Valley investor, entrepreneur and ... Backed by top IT companies of the Silicon Valley, Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda to represent the 17th Congressional district of California, whose residents stretch from Tesla Motors factory in Fremont to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino-taking in Intel, Yahoo, and eBay along the way. In the primaries, early this summer, Khanna received more votes than eight-term incumbent Honda. California electoral system allows the top two winners of the primaries to proceed to the general polls, even if they are from the same party. Khanna narrowly lost to Honda in 2014 Congressional polls. "From what I hear a lot of internal polling shows that he is six-eight points ahead," M R Rangaswami, a Silicon Valley investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist told PTI. But based on his experience, he is not taking for granted and is campaigning hard in his constituency. "He would be a fantastic face to the Silicon Valley," said Rangaswami, a leading Indian-American figure in the Valley. Rangaswami said having Khanna represent California would be one of the best things for Indian-Americans, who have a quarter-million presence in the Valley. "He is going to be a go-to guy, because he is a person who really understands technologies. He is going to be fantastic," he said. Among others, Khanna has been endorsed by former president Jimmy Carter, California Lt Governor Gavin Newsom and San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo. Khanna's commitment to public service was inspired by his grandfather Amarnath Vidyalankar, who told him stories about his participation in Mahatma Gandhi's Indian independence movement and spending years in jail to promote human rights. "He was my early inspiration," Khanna said in an interview. He became involved in politics while attending the University of Chicago, where he worked on the campaign of the then Illinois State Senator Barack Obama. Khanna was born in 1976 in Philadelphia to parents who migrated from India. He also interned for Jack Quinn when Quinn served as the Chief of Staff for Vice President Al Gore. The San Francisco Chronicle has identified the 17th Congressional District as one of the top three most important races outside of the presidential race. Like 2014 elections, local media is predicting a close race in this Congressional district. "Six weeks ago I would have picked a free and clear victory for Khanna. But now I'm not so sure," said Larry Gerston, professor emeritus of political science at San Jose State. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 'Ro' Khanna hopes he is second-time lucky in Congressional run Backed by top IT companies of the Silicon Valley, Indian-American Rohit "Ro" Khanna hopes to get second-time lucky in his effort to enter the US House of Representatives against Democratic Party's sitting lawmaker. A Yale law graduate and a former official of the Obama administration, Khanna, 40, is pitted against his own party's Mike Honda to represent the 17th Congressional district of California, whose residents stretch from Tesla Motors factory in Fremont to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino-taking in Intel, Yahoo, and eBay along the way. In the primaries, early this summer, Khanna received more votes than eight-term incumbent Honda. California electoral system allows the top two winners of the primaries to proceed to the general polls, even if they are from the same party. Khanna narrowly lost to Honda in 2014 Congressional polls. "From what I hear a lot of internal polling shows that he is six-eight points ahead," M R Rangaswami, a Silicon Valley investor, entrepreneur and philanthropist told PTI. But based on his experience, he is not taking for granted and is campaigning hard in his constituency. "He would be a fantastic face to the Silicon Valley," said Rangaswami, a leading Indian-American figure in the Valley. Rangaswami said having Khanna represent California would be one of the best things for Indian-Americans, who have a quarter-million presence in the Valley. "He is going to be a go-to guy, because he is a person who really understands technologies. He is going to be fantastic," he said. Among others, Khanna has been endorsed by former president Jimmy Carter, California Lt Governor Gavin Newsom and San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo. Khanna's commitment to public service was inspired by his grandfather Amarnath Vidyalankar, who told him stories about his participation in Mahatma Gandhi's Indian independence movement and spending years in jail to promote human rights. "He was my early inspiration," Khanna said in an interview. He became involved in politics while attending the University of Chicago, where he worked on the campaign of the then Illinois State Senator Barack Obama. Khanna was born in 1976 in Philadelphia to parents who migrated from India. He also interned for Jack Quinn when Quinn served as the Chief of Staff for Vice President Al Gore. The San Francisco Chronicle has identified the 17th Congressional District as one of the top three most important races outside of the presidential race. Like 2014 elections, local media is predicting a close race in this Congressional district. "Six weeks ago I would have picked a free and clear victory for Khanna. But now I'm not so sure," said Larry Gerston, professor emeritus of political science at San Jose State. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Surface Phone would rock laptop-class Intel processor The first Surface Phone will be for the enterprise, should rock laptop-class CPU By: Anthony Garreffa | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 1 week, 3 days ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Microsoft will reportedly be launching two Surface Phone smartphones next year, with the higher-end enterprise-class Surface Phone reportedly rocking a laptop-class processor from Intel.     Notorious mobile leaker Evan "@evleaks" Blass said that the purported Surface Phone would arrive in two versions, with the consumer-focused handset receiving a normal SoC, and not the laptop-class processor that the enterprise/higher-end handset would use.   There's not much known on Surface Phone apart from the leaks and concept art, but it's an exciting time for smartphones right now - especially since Microsoft blew their chances multiple times with Nokia and the Lumia handsets. NEWS SOURCES:Vr-zone.com Recommended for You iPhone 7 could come out in a new - Jet White color Samsung Galaxy S8 will ship with an AI digital assistant... Golden Dreams' carbon fiber iPhone 7 costs $17,000 Huawei unveils its latest flagship - the Mate 9 >> NEXT STORY: 'The Simpsons' renewed for a further 2 seasons << PREVIOUS STORY: LG's new 4K and 5K displays are now 25% cheaper Related Tags Intel Surface Phone Microsoft Surface Surface smartphone Microsoft Nokia Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Stocks to Watch in Virtual, Augmented, and Mixed Reality Confused about all these different digital realities? Here are the top things you should know about the growing VR, AR, and MR markets. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 5, 2016 at 3:04PM There's been a lot of buzz in the tech world about virtual-, augmented-, and "mixed"-reality devices. All this talk about different digital "realities" is exciting, but it can also be confusing for investors who haven't been following these next-gen markets. Therefore, let's take a moment to review what those three markets actually consist of. Image source: Getty Images. Virtual reality Virtual reality (VR) devices immerse a user in a virtual world, which mostly blocks their view and perception of the outside world. Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital estimates that this market will grow from nearly nothing today to $30 billion by 2020. The hardware market mainly consists of tethered, mobile, and standalone devices. Tethered VR headsets, such as Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift, HTC's Vive, and Sony's (NYSE:SNE) PlayStation VR, must be connected to a high-powered PC or gaming console. These devices generally offer the highest-end VR experiences and track a user's head position with optical sensors and lasers installed in "base stations" around the room. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently revealed several new tethered VR headsets that can track a user's head position by using internal sensors instead of base stations -- making it easier for multiple users to share the same physical space. Mobile VR headsets, such as Samsung's Gear VR and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Cardboard, use smartphones as the "brains" of their devices. These devices are cheaper and less powerful than their tethered counterparts, but users' movements aren't restricted by wires or their proximity to a PC or console. Google Cardboard (L) and Gear VR (R). Image source: Company websites. Standalone VR headsets aren't widely available yet, but they could strike a balance between the power of tethered headsets with the convenience of mobile ones. Oculus VR's upcoming Santa Cruz headset will free the Rift from PCs for a fully wireless experience. Augmented and mixed reality Augmented reality (AR) devices project digital overlays over real-world objects. Niantic's Pokemon Go, which projects Pokemon into real-life environments with the smartphone camera, is an early example of AR gaming. Digi-Capital believes that the AR market could be worth $90 billion by 2020, thanks to the growth of AR apps on mobile devices. In the near future, depth-sensing cameras will probably accurately place digital creatures onto real-world surfaces such as tables and floors -- paving the way for all new gameplay possibilities. Google Glass was also an early attempt to "augment" a user's reality with digital information, but it flopped because of privacy concerns. Looking ahead, the most closely watched AR device is Microsoft's HoloLens, which detects surfaces and projects holographic images on top of them. Microsoft has already showcased how the device can be used for tabletop Minecraft, the creation of 3D designs, or even projecting a hologram of another person into your room. The development version of the HoloLens still costs $3,000, but it should cost a lot less when it's finally released to the general public. Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is also trying to reduce the price of these next-gen AR devices down with Project Alloy, an open-source standalone headset that also projects virtual objects onto real-world ones. That device is powered by Intel's RealSense depth-sensing camera and a sixth-generation Core processor. Mixed reality (MR) is a newer term that's often used interchangeably with AR. Headsets such as the HoloLens and Project Alloy are often called MR devices because they "mix" VR features of head and motion tracking with AR features of digital overlays on real objects. Nonetheless, they can still simply be called AR devices because they "augment" users' reality without immersing them in a "virtual" world. Watch the ecosystems and the suppliers As these markets grow, battles between ecosystems will erupt. Facebook is already expanding its Oculus Home platform on the Rift and Gear VR, Google is introducing its rival Daydream platform, and Microsoft plans to turn Windows 10 into a holographic platform for its upcoming VR headsets and HoloLens. Suppliers will also engage in fierce battles to provide the components. InvenSense, STMicroelectronics, and Bosch are battling each other to supply the gyroscopes and accelerometers that track users' movements. AMD and NVIDIA are already making gaming GPU cards much cheaper with low-end "VR ready" cards. A $120 billion market opportunity If all goes well, the combined VR and AR market might be worth about $120 billion by 2020. However, mainstream adoption could be tough if VR and AR devices are merely considered pricey toys for hardcore gamers and tech enthusiasts. Therefore, prices will need to drop and killer apps (on par with Pokemon Go) must emerge to pique the public's interest. If that happens, the VR market could become a new pillar of growth for many of the companies mentioned here. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Facebook, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 5, 2016 at 3:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.16 up $21.94 (2.91%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.87 up $1.14 (1.97%) Sony NYSE:SNE $29.61 down $0.38 (-1.27%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $117.20 up $2.12 (1.84%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $86.19 up $2.55 (3.05%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $6.97 up $0.18 (2.65%) STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.23 up $0.11 (1.21%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $7.82 up $0.10 (1.30%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $758.49 up $22.41 (3.04%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Slows Its Fiber Roll Apple Inc. Officially Ditches This Intel Corporation Technology in the 15-inch MacBook Pro Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Stocks to Watch in Virtual, Augmented, and Mixed Reality Confused about all these different digital realities? Here are the top things you should know about the growing VR, AR, and MR markets. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Nov 5, 2016 at 3:04PM There's been a lot of buzz in the tech world about virtual-, augmented-, and "mixed"-reality devices. All this talk about different digital "realities" is exciting, but it can also be confusing for investors who haven't been following these next-gen markets. Therefore, let's take a moment to review what those three markets actually consist of. Image source: Getty Images. Virtual reality Virtual reality (VR) devices immerse a user in a virtual world, which mostly blocks their view and perception of the outside world. Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital estimates that this market will grow from nearly nothing today to $30 billion by 2020. The hardware market mainly consists of tethered, mobile, and standalone devices. Tethered VR headsets, such as Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift, HTC's Vive, and Sony's (NYSE:SNE) PlayStation VR, must be connected to a high-powered PC or gaming console. These devices generally offer the highest-end VR experiences and track a user's head position with optical sensors and lasers installed in "base stations" around the room. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently revealed several new tethered VR headsets that can track a user's head position by using internal sensors instead of base stations -- making it easier for multiple users to share the same physical space. Mobile VR headsets, such as Samsung's Gear VR and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Cardboard, use smartphones as the "brains" of their devices. These devices are cheaper and less powerful than their tethered counterparts, but users' movements aren't restricted by wires or their proximity to a PC or console. Google Cardboard (L) and Gear VR (R). Image source: Company websites. Standalone VR headsets aren't widely available yet, but they could strike a balance between the power of tethered headsets with the convenience of mobile ones. Oculus VR's upcoming Santa Cruz headset will free the Rift from PCs for a fully wireless experience. Augmented and mixed reality Augmented reality (AR) devices project digital overlays over real-world objects. Niantic's Pokemon Go, which projects Pokemon into real-life environments with the smartphone camera, is an early example of AR gaming. Digi-Capital believes that the AR market could be worth $90 billion by 2020, thanks to the growth of AR apps on mobile devices. In the near future, depth-sensing cameras will probably accurately place digital creatures onto real-world surfaces such as tables and floors -- paving the way for all new gameplay possibilities. Google Glass was also an early attempt to "augment" a user's reality with digital information, but it flopped because of privacy concerns. Looking ahead, the most closely watched AR device is Microsoft's HoloLens, which detects surfaces and projects holographic images on top of them. Microsoft has already showcased how the device can be used for tabletop Minecraft, the creation of 3D designs, or even projecting a hologram of another person into your room. The development version of the HoloLens still costs $3,000, but it should cost a lot less when it's finally released to the general public. Microsoft's HoloLens. Image source: Microsoft. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is also trying to reduce the price of these next-gen AR devices down with Project Alloy, an open-source standalone headset that also projects virtual objects onto real-world ones. That device is powered by Intel's RealSense depth-sensing camera and a sixth-generation Core processor. Mixed reality (MR) is a newer term that's often used interchangeably with AR. Headsets such as the HoloLens and Project Alloy are often called MR devices because they "mix" VR features of head and motion tracking with AR features of digital overlays on real objects. Nonetheless, they can still simply be called AR devices because they "augment" users' reality without immersing them in a "virtual" world. Watch the ecosystems and the suppliers As these markets grow, battles between ecosystems will erupt. Facebook is already expanding its Oculus Home platform on the Rift and Gear VR, Google is introducing its rival Daydream platform, and Microsoft plans to turn Windows 10 into a holographic platform for its upcoming VR headsets and HoloLens. Suppliers will also engage in fierce battles to provide the components. InvenSense, STMicroelectronics, and Bosch are battling each other to supply the gyroscopes and accelerometers that track users' movements. AMD and NVIDIA are already making gaming GPU cards much cheaper with low-end "VR ready" cards. A $120 billion market opportunity If all goes well, the combined VR and AR market might be worth about $120 billion by 2020. However, mainstream adoption could be tough if VR and AR devices are merely considered pricey toys for hardcore gamers and tech enthusiasts. Therefore, prices will need to drop and killer apps (on par with Pokemon Go) must emerge to pique the public's interest. If that happens, the VR market could become a new pillar of growth for many of the companies mentioned here. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Facebook, and Nvidia. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and Microsoft. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Nov 5, 2016 at 3:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $775.16 up $21.94 (2.91%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $58.87 up $1.14 (1.97%) Sony NYSE:SNE $29.61 down $0.38 (-1.27%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $117.20 up $2.12 (1.84%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $86.19 up $2.55 (3.05%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $6.97 up $0.18 (2.65%) STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $9.23 up $0.11 (1.21%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $7.82 up $0.10 (1.30%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $758.49 up $22.41 (3.04%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Alphabet Slows Its Fiber Roll Apple Inc. Officially Ditches This Intel Corporation Technology in the 15-inch MacBook Pro Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About WIRED NEXT GENERATION 2016 Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter sign up Untitled-1 00/00 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired sign up to newsletter Top stories Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Super Mario Run is coming to iOS on December 15 Mario 1 day ago Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple's $300 book contains 450 photos of Apple products Apple 5 items 1 day ago OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T OnePlus launches its flagship phone upgrade, the OnePlus 3T Smartphones 1 day ago The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special The WIRED Gear of the Year 2016 special Gear 1 day ago WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it WhatsApp launches video calling for one billion people. Here's how to use it Whatsapp 1 day ago Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet Pokémon Sun and Moon review - Pokémon's most powerful evolution yet 9/10 Pokemon 1 day ago Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Need a repeat prescription on the NHS? This app removes the pain Health 1 day ago Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook and Google ban fake news sites from ad networks Facebook 1 day ago Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel's Inhumans confirmed for TV series - but not movie Marvel 1 day ago Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google is bringing VR to one million UK school children Google 1 day ago Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple may be developing Google Glass-like AR wearable Apple 1 day ago Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with its all-electric I-Pace Concept SUV Jaguar 1 day ago Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians of the Galaxy game may be Telltale's secret Marvel project Guardians Of The Galaxy 1 day ago NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS email blunder catches 1.2 million staff in 'reply all' chaos NHS 1 day ago This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection This eye-tracking app could speed-up autism detection Apps 1 day ago WIRED Next Generation 2016 Print your own prosthetic: this code can be used by anyone to create their own bionic limbs Samantha Payne's startup Open Bionics allows anyone in the world to download and 3D print their own bionic limbs By Matthew Reynolds 05 Nov 2016 By Matthew Reynolds Saturday 5 November 2016 Open Bionics ADVERTISEMENT Samantha Payne’s Open Bionics turns children with limb differences into superheroes with its robotic hands, inspired by the worlds of Frozen, Star Wars and Iron Man. “These previously existed in science fiction but today they’re a reality,” Payne told the audience at WIRED Next Generation. “This came out of a love of making and of sharing our work.” Payne’s use of 3D scanning and printing has made it 20 times less expensive to create artificial limbs, giving the world’s two million upper limb amputees the chance to use prosthetic limbs that a couple of years ago would have been prohibitively expensive. Read more Want to be an entrepreneur? The ultimate guide to getting started Want to be an entrepreneur? The ultimate guide to getting started By Liat Clark Open Bionics co-founder Samantha Payne with eleven-year-old Tilly Michael Newington Gray Payne co-founded Open Bionics in 2014. It won a $250,000 (£201,000) cash prize at the finals of Intel's 'Make it Wearable Challenge' for its work developing low-cost bionic hands that look and feel good. "We’re inspired by technology and trying to replicate anatomy. The human hand is super amazing – we don’t think about it because we use them all the time, but they’re so strong, you can move them so quickly and they tell you so much about the world.” ADVERTISEMENT Read more How to build a billion pound app How to build a billion pound app By Ruby Lott-Lavigna Michael Newington Gray Download the Ada hand code Payne’s four-person robotics team can build a fully customised bionic arm in just three days while a prosthetic arm from the NHS can take up to three months. But for Payne, three days is still too long, so she’s made her designs open-source and invited the world to print off their own limbs and push her technology to the next level. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Mobiles now have the same global impact as the annual footprint of Austria Mobiles now have the same global impact as the annual footprint of Austria By Matt Burgess While she was working at her Bristol-based lab, Payne received a message from someone she’d never met before – an American veteran who had lost his arm in Afghanistan. “By the way,” he said, “I was researching prosthetic limbs and I downloaded your file and made it myself.” There's a bionic girl at #WIREDNextGen! 🤖 pic.twitter.com/SL1ZgB1id5— Open Bionics (@openbionics) November 5, 2016 “When you’re open source you open your technology to millions of other people who want to improve it, you advance it much faster than if their were just four of us in a robotics lab,” she said. When anyone can download and print off their own bionic arms, it opens up a world of opportunity for personalised prosthetics, Payne said. “Who’s to say what your replacement hand should look like? It’s an expression of yourself.” Traditionally prosthetic hands have been made to imitate human hands, but Payne wants to give children the chance to choose their own limbs. “We want to change children who have limb differences into bionic superheroes.” ADVERTISEMENT One of those superheroes joined her on stage at WIRED Next Generation, 11-year-old Tilly. Tilly was just 15 months old when she had to have her hand amputated after contracting meningitis septicemia. The replacement she was originally fitted with, though, was a world away from hand she needed. “It was basically a puppet hand, it only had three fingers and it was made of metal. My mum thought it was more of a weapon than a hand,” she said. Now, with a bionic arm from Open Bionics, Tilly can move all of her fingers and perform more complex movements. EMG sensors on her arm detect muscle movement, telling her bionic arm how quickly or firmly to squeeze its fingers. Payne’s bionic arms are much more than just technical achievements. When a child picks their bionic arm, choosing to become Iron Man, Princess Elsa or Mace Windu, they’re taking control of their own identity. “These prosthetics enable children to do more of the activities their peers can do, but they also make them feel more empowered about what they can do themselves.” Share this article RECOMMENDED 3D print your own tabletop board games 3D print your own tabletop board games By Matt Kamen 3D Printing 17 Mar 2015 Gallery: 3D print your own tabletop board games Gallery: 3D print your own tabletop board games By Matt Kamen 3D Printing 17 Mar 2015 3D print your own Knight Rider car 3D print your own Knight Rider car By Matt Kamen Knight Rider 28 Jul 2015 London's contactless Tube payment system is going global London's contactless Tube payment system is going global By James Temperton Technology 13 Jul 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2016
Home Uddhav to join Mamata’s protest march Chaos, long queues continue at banks; most ATMs run out of cash Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation notification Modi, as Gujarat CM, took Rs. 25 cr bribe from Aditya Birla Group, alleges Arvind Kejriwal Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News Trump breaks protocol on press access again Black money helped Indian economy during global recession: UP CM Uddhav to join Mamata’s protest march Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation notification International   | National   | Cities    National Chaos, long queues continue at banks; most ATMs run out of cash Sushma undergoing treatment for kidney failure Uddhav to join Mamata’s protest march Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation notification Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International Opinion Searching for an equilibrium Coordinates of safety Demonetisation and after The long, anxious, and frustrating wait by people outside banks and ATMs across... When cash is not king Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business Ramco Systems inks pact with Melbourne firm Ratan Tata meets Jaitley as boardroom battle rages with Mistry WhatsApp rolls out video calling The biggest ever fire sale of Indian corporate assets has begun, to tide over bad loans crisis Agri-Business   | Budget   | Industry   | Economy   | Markets   | Stock Quotes    Sport Saina loses on comeback; Sindhu, Ajay, Prannoy win in China Marsh steps down as Australia chairman of selectors KL Rahul added to India squad for 2nd Test South African pacers demolish Australia in Hobart Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword South Asia World International WASHINGTON, November 5, 2016 Updated: November 6, 2016 07:52 IST Indian American eyes political win in Silicon Valley Varghese K. George Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet PTI Ro Khanna is likely to be elected on Tuesday as an Indian American member of the U.S. House of Representatives and he has a valuable endorsement from former President Jimmy Carter. FILE PHOTO V Geetanath » B Rishikesh Bahadurdesai » Zahid Rafiq » TOPICS  US PRESIDENTIAL POLLS World USA demographics diaspora election national elections India politics Ro Khanna (40) is taking his third shot at winning the 17th Congressional District, with bigwigs putting their money on him. California’s 17th Congressional District in the heart of Silicon Valley has a high concentration of Indian Americans, and it is likely to elect an Indian American member of U.S House of Representatives on Tuesday. Forty-year old Ro Khanna is taking his third shot at winning the district, and this time he has established a marginal lead over Mike Honda – incumbent since 2001– three days ahead of polling. Both of them are Democrats, facing off in the general election after scoring the highest in the top-two primary system in the State. Mr. Khanna had come first in the primary. Bigwigs bet on Ro Should he win, Mr. Khanna will represent a district where Tesla, Apple, Intel, Yahoo and eBay are headquartered. Among the Silicon Valley figures who have put their money on Mr. Khanna – in many cases literally too – are investor Marc Andreessen, Yahoo’s Marissa Mayer, Salesforce’s Marc Benioff and Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg. Mr. Khanna had the backing of the tech community for his first two runs also, but what makes the difference this time is the support that he has obtained from the masses. “Mr. Honda has managed to retain the district all these years because the unions and working class supported him always. Silicon Valley is not only about technologists and entrepreneurs. Ro has the backing from major labour unions and working class people this time,” said M. R. Rangaswamy, a community leader and entrepreneur based in Silicon Valley. Mr. Honda has always attacked Mr. Khanna for his close association with the tech industry, and this time, specifically for a contribution that he received from PayPal founder Peter Thiel. Mr. Thiel has endorsed Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. Jimmy Carter endorses him Mr. Khanna had run for the seat first when was 27 and single. He joined the Obama administration in the Department of Commerce. Unlike last time, President Barack Obama has not endorsed Mr. Honda. Mr. Khanna has a valuable endorsement from former President Jimmy Carter. Having learned his lessons from the first two races, Mr. Khanna has kept his reputation of being an advocate for disruptive digital economy in the background, while pivoting his campaign around issues such as job creation, efficient public school system and other issues that touch that the lives of middle class people more closely. Mr. Khanna was born in Philadelphia to immigrants parents from Punjab, and his maternal grandfather Amarnath Vidyalankar was a freedom fighter and a member of Lok Sabha. Keywords: Silicon Valley, Indain-American, Ro Khanna RELATED NEWS Tech industry is trying out its election muscleFebruary 7, 2014 Indian-American Ro Khanna gives tough fight to Congressman Mike HondaNovember 6, 2014 Ro Khanna launches second bid to enter U.S. CongressJune 2, 2015 More In: International | News | World Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Latest in this section Aziz to visit India for regional meeting in December Trump breaks protocol on press access again IS tightens grip in Syria bastion Raqa as assault nears Trump continues to hold consultations on Cabinet formation Paul Ryan gets re-nominated as Speaker with Trump's support Obama confident of policy continuity U.K. govt. doesn’t have a Brexit strategy: Document Michigan man threatens to set hijab-wearing woman on fire Video showing monk’s ‘death threat’ to Tamil officer goes viral U.S. could join China’s ‘Belt and Road’ initiative Most Popular Most Commented Racist post against Michelle causes outrage ‘Trump victory second deepavali for Hindus’ China’s first aircraft carrier ‘combat ready’: Official Putin, Trump agree to normalise ties Trump breaks protocol on press access again Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help Russia launches offensive in Syria, airstrikes hit Aleppo Ban hopes U.S. doesn’t abandon Paris pact Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to rescue of embattled Sharif Donald Trump begins forming his team Today's Paper ePaper This Day That Age Crossword Archive Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in International Aziz to visit India for regional meeting in December The conference is scheduled to be held in India on December 3 in Amritsar. » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple more Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Apple Data Centers Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware AI, Automation, and Tech Jobs See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Costco Black Friday ad leaks with numerous laptop, desktop, tablet PC deals The warehouse giant reveals many more computer specials than its rivals, though it will require you to do more digging to find the actual prices. By Sean Portnoy for Laptops & Desktops | November 5, 2016 -- 11:57 GMT (04:57 PDT) | Topic: Hardware Costco lists plenty of PC sales in its leaked Black Friday ad, but it doesn't list the final sale price. The last of the warehouse club trinity has seen its Black Friday ad leak, as Costco joins Sam's Club and BJ's Wholesale in having its plans divulged for the shopping holiday. The good news for potential PC buyers? Costco has more laptop and desktop deals listed than its competitors. The bad news? You'll need to do some sleuthing to determine what price it's actually offering on them. Black Friday 2016 CNET 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft preview promises deals on Surface devices, Windows laptops Hhgregg ad has 12.9-inch iPad Pro deal Office Depot/OfficeMax ad features $119 Windows 2-in-1 tablet, $169 HP laptop Best Buy ad reveals $100 Windows laptop deal, $125 iPad Air 2, Pro savings Walmart ad features $199 Apple iPad mini 2, $119 Chromebook deals Target ad has iPad Pro for $449, iPad Air 2 for $274 HP ad leaks with PC deals from $250 Staples ad leaks with laptops, tablet deals Costco ad leaks with laptop, desktop, tablet deals Ads for Dell Small Business leak BJ's Wholesale ad features $33.33 Amazon Fire tablet Sam's Club ad leaks with HP laptop, desktop deals Dell's ad leaks with $100 laptop, desktop deals While most Black Friday ads list the final price you pay, Costco apparently wants you to be happy just knowing the amount you're saving. In addition to forcing you to do extra work (such as actually going to a Costco location or its website), the tactic can conceal a favorite Black Friday pricing strategy: raising the "original" price to inflate the discount offered. As with its rivals, Costco has limited its slate tablet specials to Samsung's Galaxy Tab A models. Its $100 discount on the 10.1-inch version is $20 more than what Sam's Club is offering (and also includes a 32GB microSD card), while it's also taking $80 off the price of the 8-inch flavor (currently $199.99 on Samsung's own site). Like BJ's, Costco also has a sale on Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 tablet with Intel's Core i5 processor, providing $250 of savings (presumably the configuration with 4GB of RAM and 128GB SSD, though the ad doesn't specify). Also like BJ's the Surface Book 2-in-1 is discounted, with an unspecified Core i5 configuration receiving a $250 price trim. There are a baker's dozen more laptops listed in Costco's Black Friday, with the following savings advertised: Acer Chromebook 14 (14-inch full HD, Intel Celeron) -- $65 off Acer Spin 3 2-in-1 (15.6-inch touchscreen, Core i7) -- $100 off Acer Spin 5 2-in-1 (13.3-inch full HD touchscreen, Core i5) -- $100 off Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 (15.6-inch full HD touchscreen, Core i7) -- $200 off Dell Inspiron 15 7000 (15.6-inch full Hd display, Core i7) -- $150 off Dell XPS 13 (13.3-inch QHD+ touchscreen, Core i7) -- $300 off HP Envy x360 13-y013cl 2-in-1 (13.3-inch touchscreen, Core i7) -- $200 off HP Envy x360 13t 2-in-1 (13.3-inch touchscreen, Core i7) -- $300 off HP Envy 15t (15.6-inch full HD touchscreen, Core i7) -- $200 off HP Envy 17t (17.3-inch full HD display, Core i7) -- $400 off HP Pavilion 15t (15.6-inch full HD touchscreen, Core i7) -- $400 off HP Pavilion 15t (15.6-inch full HD touchscreen, Core i7, Windows 10 Professional) -- $550 off Lenovo Flex 4 2-in-1 (15.6-inch touchscreen, Core i7) -- $250 off Costco lists a trio of desktop PC deals in its ad, including an HP Pavilion all-in-one with 23.8-inch touchscreen and Core i5 CPU for $150 off. There's also an HP Envy 750-467c tower with a Core i7 processor for $250 off, while a Dell XPS 8900 tower also equipped with a Core i7 chip and an unspecified Nvidia graphics card gets a $200 discount. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Mobility Samsung gives Black Friday sneak peek of laptop, Galaxy tablet deals 3D Printing Stratasys Q3 falls short, shares tumble Apple A touchscreen iMac would be 'absurd,' says Apple VP Innovation Can Apple succeed where Google failed? × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Mobile  |  Features  | Microsoft Surface Phone Lifestyle Images Hit the Web Revealing its Stunning Looks Microsoft Surface Phone Lifestyle Images Hit the Web Revealing its Stunning Looks According to an array of leaks, Microsoft is working on their own Windows Phone, which might be called as the Surface Phone. Popular tipster, Evan Blass posted some images of an unknown windows phone. By: Chakri Kudikala Updated: Saturday, November 5, 2016, 16:49 [IST] Microsoft selling off Nokia six months ago raised many eyebrows as the Redmond giant is working on their own Windows 10 powered smartphone, which might be dubbed as the Surface Phone. Microsoft has been struggling a lot in the smartphone arena for a while now and the vendor recently even claimed that they will be killing the Lumia lineup by the end of this year. SEE ALSO: 3 Coolest Features of Google Pixel, Pixel XL That'll Blow Your Mind for Sure Off late, the Windows Phone platform has been struggling a lot with the rivals Android and iOS. However, the tech giant isn't yet done with the smartphone arena. There were several rumors over the internet suggesting the purported specifications of the upcoming smartphone, but none of them showed us how the smartphone looks. Late yesterday, popular tipster, Evan Blass tweeted some images of an unknown windows phone with a tagline 'Powered by a laptop-class Intel processor, would this have blown your mind?', which essentially means that the phone will be powered by a high-end Intel processor. SEE ALSO: Find out How to Create Chat Bots with little or no Clue about Coding A couple of hours later, a follower of Blass replied to his tweet saying it as a concept phone. However, Blass quickly replied to the user's comment as 'Much more than just a concept'. This proves that the smartphone is not just a concept, but there isn't much info about the smartphone. As stated earlier, Microsoft is working on a new Windows 10 smartphone and it looks like this smartphone is the Surface phone. Some earlier rumors suggested that Microsoft will release the Surface phone is early 2017. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Microsoft Lumia 650 Oneplus 3T Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Microsoft Lumia 650 16GB 13,999 Read More About microsoft | windows 10 | surface phone | smartphones | mobiles | news | rumor Story first published: Saturday, November 5, 2016, 16:46 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 5, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Demonetisation: Tata Docomo, Airtel, and Vodafone Extend Deadline for Mobile Bill Payments How to Block Annoying Ads in Facebook Messenger OnePlus 4 Rumor Roundup: Dual Rear Camera, 8GB RAM, 4000mAh battery and Much More! Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK OnePlus 3T is Official: Here are 10 Highlighted Features of the Phone Here's How Reliance Jio Users Can Book Tickets Without Cash Shocking News: Reliance Jio to Immediately Interrupt Free 4G Services This App is Helping People find Working ATM Reliance Jio GigaFiber vs Airtel V-Fiber vs BSNL Broadband 5 Ways OnePlus 3T Is Different From the Original OnePlus 3 You Can Book IRCTC Tickets Via Paytm, JioMoney, Airtel Money, eWallets Top 10 Full HD Display Smartphones to Buy in India 2016 2022 will see 550 million 5G subscriptions; India, US to lead the way WeChat may help users feel better Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Videocon Delite 21 Vivo V5 Plus Vivo V5 ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLIntex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusZTE Nubia Z11 MiniInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FP Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Search ADVERTISE SPONSORED POSTS ABOUT US PRIVACY CONTACT US Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. TechShout Gadgets Software Hardware Mobile Phones Internet Apple Features Everything Else Home Tablet Lava’s new Ivory Pop is an Intel-powered tablet with voice-calling support Tablet Lava’s new Ivory Pop is an Intel-powered tablet with voice-calling support By Bertila Helena - Nov 5, 2016 Lava’s come out with a brand new entry-level tablet for the masses in the form of the Ivory Pop. The slate notably features support for over 21 Indian languages. It’ll be sold via offline and online outlets across the country. Lava’s slapped a Rs 6299 price tag on the Ivory Pop. In terms of design, it’s been furnished with a metal back to give it a distinctive look and feel. Specs-wise, the tablet offers a standard set of specs for a budget tablet with a few notable features here and there. For instance, the Ivory Pop relies on a quad-core Intel Sofia 3G-R Atom processor clocked in at 1.2GHz to get things done. There’s also a 7-inch dual Twisted Nematic multi-touch capacitive display which outputs a resolution of 1024 x 600p. Also Read: Lava’s new X81 offers Marshmallow, 3GB RAM for just Rs 11499 As for photography, users can take advantage of a basic 5MP rear camera which comes accompanied by LED flash and autofocus abilities. A 2MP selfie snapper keeps it company on the flip side. Under the hood, a 3000mAh battery keeps the Lava device‘s lights on, while Android 5.1 Lollipop takes care of software. Take a quick look at the specifications of the Lava Ivory Pop: – Display: 7-inch, 1024 x 600 pixels – OS: Android 5.1 Lollipop – CPU: 1.2GHz quad-core Intel Sofia 3G-R Atom – GPU: ARM Mali-450 – Camera: 5MP rear, 2MP front – Storage: 16GB, expandable up to 32GB – RAM: 1GB – Battery: 3000mAh – Size: 187.9 x 107.8 x 8.8mm – Connectivity: 3G, dual-SIM, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, microUSB 2.0 The Lava Ivory Pop will only be sold in a grey color option. Once again, you can buy it at Rs 6299 via offline and online retailers. TAGS Intel Lava Lava Ivory Pop Price specs SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSamsung recalls 2.8 million exploding washing machines Next articleMicrosoft Surface Phone images leaked Bertila Helena RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Massive 13.8-inch Nokia D1C tablet spotted on GFXBench Asus’s new ZenPad Z10 is a LTE-ready Verizon exclusive Google may launch a Huawei-made 7-inch tablet this year 246,405FansLike 13,739FollowersFollow 12,913SubscribersSubscribe TRENDING All Alternatives Apple Cameras Download Features Gaming General Guide Hardware Home Entertainment Interesting Internet iPod News Laptops Mobile Phones Science Security Software Tablet Tech Reviews Telecom Wireless More OLED, 5.5-inch LCD iPhone 8 to have dual cameras Bindu Nair - Nov 16, 2016 0 OnePlus 3T goes official with Snapdragon 821 SoC, 3400mAh battery Bindu Nair - Nov 16, 2016 0 Apple to launch SOS button for iPhone in India Bindu Nair - Nov 15, 2016 0 Load more ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT © TechShout.com 2016
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 21 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Components >  Memory >  Desktop Memory >  G.SKILL >  Item#: N82E16820231489 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Timing 10-10-10-30 Cas Latency 10 Voltage 1.5V LOADING... G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Optimal Compatibility and Superior Quality The Ripjaws classic has returned! This time, the G.SKILL RipjawsX Series is raising the bar for computing experience and performance expectations across the board. Equipped with XMP profiles and dual-channel capable, your Intel and AMD systems will easily tear through all your games and programs! Chosen By Overclockers Enthusiasts’ choice can’t be wrong. Building on the world-class performance and overclockability, G.SKILL RipjawsX series memory has been voted as the Best Memory Series by the community of the overclockers in 2011! If you need a high performance and high quality kit to complete your enthusiast PC, look no further. The "Customer Choice Award" Winner Built for the best quality, G.SKILL RipjawsX series memory has been the most frequent winner of Newegg’s “Customer Choice Award”, against all Desktop Memory products at Newegg.com. Backed up by thousands of the highest rating of customer reviews, RipjawsX series memory is absolutely the best quality product you can trust. Optimal Compatibility and Superior Quality Unparalleled DDR3 memory solution, the RipjawsX Series is the memory of choice. Specifically designed to complement dual-channel capable systems and optimized for the widest compatibility with Intel and AMD platforms, each RipjawsX memory kit is put through numerous compatibility and stress tests. As a result of our strict quality control, RipjawsX offers the highest quality, fastest speed, lowest timing, and firmest stability. Stylish Heat Spreader Design, Keep It Cool Sporting a sleek and stylish heat spreader, heat dissipation is maximized by increasing surface area for cool air to pass over while your system is gaming or computing. The hollow teeth-like heat spreader fins is made from aluminum and designed to allow maximize air flow for maximum cooling efficiency. Intel XMP Support All G.SKILL DDR3 memory come with the latest Intel XMP standard developed for Intel platform. It provides PC enthusiasts an entirely trouble free overclocking experience to boost their Intel systems for extreme levels of performance, while retaining system stability. Lifetime Warranty All G.SKILL memory products come with a lifetime warranty and the G.SKILL technical team is always ready to provide consumers with complete technical support via online forums, telephone and email. First-Class Quality Developed to support new high-performance platforms, G.Skill DDR3 memory modules are equipped with cutting-edge memory technologies to ensure an extreme user experience, whether for daily applications or gaming. The G.Skill system memory is 100% tested to ensure top-level product yield and quality. DDR3 1600 Reaching the optimal balance between the sheer speed of DDR3 and low latency, this G.SKILL Ripjaws Series X DDR3 memory kit is rated at 1600MHz 10-10-10-30 to provide ample computing capability to the Intel LGA1155/LGA1156 and AMD AM3/Llano/AM3+ platforms. Effective Heat Spreader The high-performance heat spreader effectively dissipates heat from the memory module to ensure system stability. XMP Support Intel Extreme Memory Profiles (XMP) technology provides a robust, profile-based overclocking solution for novice and experienced overclockers. Easily overclock your platform by selecting the predefined profile in the BIOS, or manually adjust frequency and timings to extract the maximum performance from your system. Learn more about the G.SKILL F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Model| Brand G.SKILL Series Ripjaws X Series Model F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Details| Capacity 16GB (2 x 8GB) Type 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM Speed DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Cas Latency 10 Timing 10-10-10-30 Voltage 1.5V ECC No Buffered/Registered Unbuffered Multi-channel Kit Dual Channel Kit Color N/A Heat Spreader Yes Features Compatible with Intel LGA1155/LGA1156 and AMD AM3/Llano/AM3+ platforms Intel XMP support for 1st, 2nd and 3rd Generation Intel Core Processors To reach rated memory speed, enabling Intel XMP profile or manual BIOS tuning is required Combination with other memory kits or modules (even with same model number) is not recommended to avoid any compatibility issues Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): Lifetime Limited Warranty period (labor): Lifetime Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.gskill.com| Support Phone: 1-909-598-6860 Support Email: ustech@gskillusa.com| Support Website| View other products from G.SKILL Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Best Service Sellers Hot Deals 4 Less Sold and Shipped by: Hot Deals 4 Less Ask Hot Deals 4 Less about: G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:4/5 (737) Ships from United States. OutletPC Sold and Shipped by: OutletPC Ask OutletPC about: G.SKILL Ripjaws X Series 16GB (2 x 8GB) 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1600 (PC3 12800) Desktop Memory Model F3-12800CL10D-16GBXL Your Email This field is required. Please enter a valid email address. We won't share your email with anybody. We'll only use your email to contact you What's your question?(0/500) This field is required. Anti-Spam Validation Submit ► Rating:4/5 (1,149) Ships from United States. Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. This item is eligible for Newegg Premier benefits. Are you a Newegg Premier Member? If not, sign up today and get: Free 3-day-or-less shipping on eligible items, discounts on 2- or 1-day delivery Free shipping on returns using labels available on our website No re-stocking fees Learn More | Sign-in Condition Guidelines The following guidelines apply to all product categories unless otherwise indicated within specific categories. New : This means the product will ship as received by the manufacturer, sealed, with all advertised components, and with the manufacturer warranty. Refurbished : This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Open Box : Newegg only guarantees your receipt of the Open Box product with the purchase of this item. Any accessories MAY OR MAY NOT be included. Newegg will NOT send you any missing accessories, even if it is required to use all of the item’s functions. Used - Like New : This means that the product has been opened, possibly used but is in perfect condition with no signs of cosmetic or functional defect. Product includes warranty, and accessories found with the original product. Product may or may not be in the original packaging. Returned items with minor packaging defects fall under this category. Used - Very Good : This means that the product has been opened, may show slight signs of use and cosmetic blemish, and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in excellent condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Good : This means that the product has been used, may show clear signs of use and may be missing minor accessories, but remain in good condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Used - Acceptable : This means that the product shows clear signs of use, cosmetic defect, and may be missing minor accessories and manual, but remain in working condition. Product does not come with warranty unless stated otherwise in product description. Functionality issues beyond signs of use should be disclosed in product description. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Dev Pro Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Linkedin RSS IT/Dev Connections Store About Web Development ASP.NET HTML5 JavaScript Mobile Development Database Development Windows Development Azure Development Visual Studio Advertisement Home > Development > The Community and Software Development The Community and Software Development The building and nurturing of community is more important to software development than you might think. Nov 3, 2016 Christine Hall EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement Central to the development of open source software is the community. This is partly because many open source projects depend on contributions from unpaid volunteers, which makes community ties important. But even large enterprise projects must pay attention to community needs. Large scale projects like Hadoop, OpenStack, Hyperledger, and even Linux, all transcend corporate boundaries, which necessitates communities that span individual corporate cultures. It's not surprising, then, that successful open source enterprises take on experts to help them develop, manage and nurture their communities. Jono Bacon is one of the most visible open source community managers. For nearly eight years he was the community manager for Ubuntu. After that he spent time as the senior director of community at XPRIZE and as GitHub's community director. These days he heads his own consulting firm, with clients that have included IBM, Deutsche Bank, Intel and SAP. Last week he picked up the reigns as the master of ceremonies at the All Things Open conference in Raleigh, North Carolina, where he took a few minutes on the event's opening morning to talk about community. He began by pointing out the obvious -- that the value of communities goes beyond the mere creation of software. "I believe the community is at the center of how we innovate and how we just build a better planet," he said, before drawing attention to a graph indicating that the growth of communities is on the rise. "What this taps into is that people want to work together and we want to do work that's meaningful and impactful. One of the finest places to do this, of course, is technology." He noted the monetary value of several open technology projects. The Smithsonian places Wikipedia's value at tens of billions of dollars, for example, and the Linux Foundation said in 2008 that to rebuild Fedora, Red Hat's community Linux distro, would cost somewhere around $11 billion using commercial software methodology. "What this does is it changes the conversation," he said. "I've been going to conferences for years and we always talk about code ..., but what's as important, if not more important, is how we build communities and get people involved, because communities don't just provide code, they provide advocacy, documentation, translations, accessibility.... They bring new ideas, fresh approaches and diversity." Bacon pointed out that there are many avenues open for building communities, but the problem is with building communities that are predictable. "That's difficult because human beings are messy, frankly. We're difficult people to figure out," he said. "The way I tend to think of this is that there are three primary layers to this," he explained. "The first is collaboration. This is the software development life cycle piece. This is code, code hosting, collaboration, peer review, containerization, all those different pieces. This is the meat and potatoes of how we do this. But what sits on top of that is engagement. This is how you pull people in, how you get them excited and participating. How do you retain them? How do you govern them? How do you incentivize them in different ways? "What's fascinating to me, and what's been a real revelation to me in the last three or four years, is that underlying all of this is the psychology of how people think and operate in behavior economics -- that we are fundamentally irrational human beings, but we're irrational in very predictable ways. When we understand that, it provides a framework, a scaffolding, a skeleton on which we can build effective collaboration, and on top of that we can build effective engagement." He went on to suggest that he thinks it best to start with the bottom layer and work up "because you can only build effective collaboration if you understand how people think and operate." Unfortunately, his experience is that most companies tend to want to focus on the top "engagement" level. "But the deeper you go down," he said, "you get more value. If you assess and measure collaboration you understand your developers better, but if you understand the psychology of how people operate, you really get to the heart of how human beings like to collaborate and build communities." Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Attention .NET Developers: It's Time to Nominate Your Favorite Dev Products for Community Choice! Free Android App Development Tool: Indigo Rose Software Launches Andromo App Maker 1 Code Review Software: SmartBear Software Announces CodeCollaborator 7.0 2010 DevProConnections Community Choice Awards More than Help Desk Software: Countersoft's Atlas Unites Multiple Types of Online Community Support Advertisement Featured Products Windows 8 Tips You’ve been told that Microsoft has somehow compromised the beloved desktop environment and ruined it with Metro... HTML5 Jump Start This is an exciting time to be a web developer! Whether you are building public-facing website applications or creating internal sites for your company... Advertisement Advertisement DevProConnections.com Home Web Development Mobile Development Database Development Windows Development Azure Development Visual Studio Site Features Awards Community Sponsors Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site Penton Privacy Policy Terms of Service Advertise Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Linkedin RSS Search DevProConnections.com Search: PISCES Related Sites SharePoint Pro SQL Server Pro SuperSite for Windows Windows IT Pro IT/Dev Connections myITforum Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Sorry!! The article you are trying to read is not available now. Log In Business News Politics And Regulation Markets The Economy Editor's Pick Trading And Investing Stocks ETFs Fixed Income Currencies Earnings Commodities Options Taxes Personal Finance How To Trade How To Invest sectors Biotech/pharma Consumer Energy Financial Global Markets Media Precious Metals Real Estate Technology Transportation special features Wall Of Worry Random Thoughts Sports Business Minyanville Press Hoofy & Boo Radio From The Buzz & Banter Daily Recap MV Education center Video t3 live subscriptions Buzz And Banter Cooper's Market Report Techstrat Report The Options Strategist Thank you very much; you're only a step away from downloading your reports. You will receive a download link right in your email inbox for each of the free reports that you choose. Minyanville The 5 Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks By Scutify Nov 04, 2016 8:11 am PRINT   Stay Connected This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. As 2016 starts to close and we start investing with a head toward 2017, one of the most obvious plays in the market is ... well, one of the most obvious plays of at least the past couple of decades: tech stocks. Source: magicatwork via Flickr But as we've seen thanks to big momentum moves by the likes ofTwitter Inc(NYSE:TWTR),Amazon.com, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMZN),Netflix, Inc.(NASDAQ:NFLX) and more, dabbling in single-name tech stocks can be perilous. That doesn't mean you shouldn't do it - that's what the aggressive allocation of your portfolio is for. But it does mean that if you're looking to get broad exposure to tech stocks, you would do well to also invest in one or two of the best exchange-traded funds that focus on the space. ETFs are a great solution for trying to invest in anything from whole sectors to industries to trends like the internet of things or artificial intelligence. That's because they grant you exposure to a number of players, meaning you don't have to necessarily guess the one or two best stocks in the space. And the best ETFs allow you to do this for next to nothing in annual expenses. The 10 Best ETFs on the Planet As we turn the clock forward to 2017, here's a look at five of the best ETFs that invest in tech stocks. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLK) Expenses: 0.14% If you're looking to invest in any sector, the first place to look should be State Street Global Advisors' Select Sector SPDR funds. That's not to say they're always the best, but more often than not, they provide strong performance for cheap, and they're about as liquid as you can ask for. The Technology Select Sector SPDR ETF (NYSEARCA:XLK) is the largest tech ETF on the planet at just about $13 billion in assets. And its holdings list is a who's who of big tech, including Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) andAlphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL). XLK's performance has outdone most of its broad-based tech peers over the long run, and the ETF is among the cheapest you can buy at just 14 basis points. But no investor should jump in unless they're OK with the fund's ... well, its weight problem. Apple makes up roughly 14% of the fund, and Microsoft makes up another 10%. All told, the top five companies represented in XLK - the four above, plus AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) - make up almost half the weight. That means as they go - for the most part - XLK goes. That has its advantages in that all of these companies are extremely well-heeled, cash-rich firms that can weather a market blow or two, whether it's AAPL shelling out more dividends or buybacks, or FB buying out a couple new companies for growth. It has its disadvantages in that the concentration in mega-caps, as well as exposure really only to blue chips, isn't necessarily the most conducive to rapid price appreciation. You can read more about the XLK ETF here. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF (SMH) Expenses: 0.35% (includes 6-basis-point fee waiver) Sometimes, the best money to be made in technology isn't in the consumer-facing side, but the comparatively boring internals. For instance, semiconductors. When you think of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), you almost assuredly think of PCs - the declining industry that's hampering Intel. What you should be thinking, though, is that Intel's solutions also power everything from digital storage to point-of-sales systems to, more recently, driverless automotion via a partnership with BMW and Mobileye NV (NYSE:MBLY). Or let's get really meta and consider Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (ADR) (NYSE:TSM), a foundry that serves other semiconductor firms, such as Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.(NASDAQ:AMD), Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO). And from time to time, even Intel actually outsources its chipset manufacturing to TSM. These are the companies that will power just about every emerging technology on the planet, and that's advantageous to investors because it reduces the risk of investing directly in the more risky front-facing technologies that could flop hard if their gambles are wrong. In short, if a company like AMD powers a number of virtual reality technologies, then it's a much safer bet than trying to pick which VR company will get it right. What Stocks Will Win the 2016 Election? The VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF (NYSEARCA:SMH) is a concentrated fund of just 26 holdings, and it's overweight TSM and INTC at about 15% each. But it covers most of the biggest players across the globe, making it a faithful play in the semiconductor space. You can read more about the SMH ETF here. ADVERTISEMENT Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: iShares Exponential Technologies ETF (XT) Expenses: 0.47% If investing in slower-growth blue-chips isn't your thing, the iShares Exponential Technologies ETF (NYSEARCA:XT) very well might be. While iShares touts a few reasons to buy, the most important is this: "The fund's index uses a unique evaluation process to identify companies developing and/or leveraging promising technologies." In other words, XT is trying to get out in front of the crowd. Thus, you're going to see a number of emerging technologies represented, such as 3D printing and artificial intelligence, not to mention a few other tech avenues that might have been around for a while already, but are really starting to come into their own. Take a look at the top holdings. AMD products are used in everything from drones to medical imaging.Exelixis, Inc. (NASDAQ:EXEL) is actually a biotechnology company whose developing treatments are focused on ailments from thyroid cancer to tumors. MercadoLibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) is a Latin-American e-commerce platform. Yes, you can practically guarantee that several of XT's holdings are destined for the scrapyard, as not every emerging technology actually emerges, and some that do don't do so right away. Heck, the tech world has given virtual reality the ol' college try several times over the past decade. But that's OK. XT also differs from XLK in that it's equally weighted, rather than market-cap weighted, so currently none of the ETF's 189 holdings accounts for more than 1.57% of the fund. Thus, total failures are mitigated. You can read more about the XT ETF here. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: PureFunds ETFx HealthTech ETF (IMED) Expenses: 0.75% Everywhere you look, you'll find some gaudy predictions about the future of healthcare technology. For instance ... Grand View Research sees global healthcare firms investing $410 billion in software, services and internet of things-connected devices in 2022. Evaluate Ltd. is projecting a $477.5 billion market in medtech by 2020. Research and Markets expects the global healthcare analytics market to explode from $8.48 billion in 2015 to $23.8 billion by 2020. Long story short: Technology is increasingly encroaching into the healthcare space, and there's a lot of money to be made there. The PureFunds ETFx HealthTech ETF (NASDAQ:IMED) is one of a scant few ways to invest broadly in this trend. IMED focuses on three specific areas: healthcare informatics, medical instruments and medical devices. That results in holdings like Quality Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:QSII), which deals in things such as electronic health records and interoperability solutions for both medical and dental practices, or medical device company ICU Medical, Incorporated (NASDAQ:ICUI), which boasts products such as MicroClave for infusion therapy and hemodynamic monitoring systems. The 10 Best Vanguard Funds to Buy for 2016 IMED is a small fund, at just more than $2 million in assets, and the 0.75% expense ratio is far from cheap, but this is one of the best ETF plays on the blossoming healthcare tech market. You can read more about the IMED ETF here. Best ETFs That Invest in Tech Stocks: Global X FinTech Thematic ETF (FINX) Expenses: 0.68% Using cash less and less? You're not alone. Many people have almost completely phased out their use of cash, and that's thanks to - and benefiting - the fintech space. The fintech space is awfully broad and combines new and old technologies alike. If you've swiped a credit card at a retail store or a restaurant in your life ... well, a fintech company is powering that. But naturally, the space is filled with slightly newer financial technologies as well. There's PayPal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL), which not only is an increasingly popular online payment option, but has expanded to acceptance in brick-and-mortar stores, too. And there's LendingTree Inc(NASDAQ:TREE), the online exchange that hooks up both individuals and businesses with potential lenders. The Global X FinTech Thematic ETF (NASDAQ:FINX) invests in 29 such companies, featuring consumer-facing names such as PayPal and Square Inc (NYSE:SQ), as well as companies like SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:SSNC), which powers complex functions such as trading and accounting for financial firms. Like IMED, FINX is hardly cheap, but it's a targeted play on a couple of burgeoning tech industries. You can read more about the FINX ETF here. Kyle Woodley is the Managing Editor of InvestorPlace.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Follow him on Twitter at @KyleWoodley. This article was written by Kyle Woodley for InvestorPlace on Nov 3, 2016. This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. < Previous 1 Next > View As One Page Click Here to read the disclaimer > Follow Us On Twitter PRINT   Get The Minyanville Daily Recap Newsletter Stay current on financial news, entertainment, education and smart market commentary. Subscribe   Stay Connected Featured Videos This application requires JavaScript. WHAT'S POPULAR IN THE VILLE 1 All-Time High in Russell 2000 ETF 2 CABLE TAKES IT ON THE CHIN 3 WHY HAR STOCK SURGED 25% ON MONDAY 4 GOLD Puts In Temporary Bottom 5 Where Did The Bulls Go? See All Articles » More From Minyanville   Business News Trading and Investing Sectors Special Features MV PREMIUM MV Education Center Video Buzz & Banter Cooper's Market Report TechStrat Report The Options Strategist Sitemap Contributor Bios Directory of Terms Archive Email Alerts RSS Feeds T3 Live Subscriptions Minyanville Merchandise Company   MinyanLand Minyanville Media Buzz and Banter.com Ruby Peck Foundation About Us Advertise Contact Us Help Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimers   Follow Minyanville on Facebook   Follow minyanville on Twitter   Follow Minyanville on Linkedin   Subscribe to Our RSS Feed Partners   ©2016 Minyanville Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Mobile App Reviews Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Personal Security Sports & Outdoors Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Coolest Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DISH DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Batman Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Electronic Reviews ▸ Computers ▸ Desktop Computers ▸ Gaming PC Reviews ▸ Best Gaming PCs Under $1,000 Gaming PCs Best Gaming PCs Under $1,000 Chris Stobing Updated October 5, 2016 Shares We picked the top 5 gaming PCs that cost under $1000. Believe it or not, some of the best gaming PCs are under $1000. However, they face stiff competition from Microsoft and Sony, both who produce excellent gaming consoles for less than $500. Thankfully, many of the top premade PC manufacturers have realized that in order to keep up with their living room competition, they must bring the cost of entry down to remain competitive. So, here are our picks for the 5 top gaming PCs under $1,000. Top Gaming PC Under $1,000 2016   CyberPowerPC Gamer Dragon Syber Vapor One Alienware X51 R3 Digital Velocity Micro Vanquish 4 Lenovo Erazer X315 Rank #1 - Editor's Choice #2 #3 #4 #5 Amazon Rating na na Processor Type/Speed Intel Core i7 4790K 4.0GHz Intel Core i5-4690K 3.5 GHz Intel Core i7-6700 4.0GHz Intel Core i5-6500 3.2Ghz (6th-gen Skylake) A10-Series APU A10-7850K 3.7GHz Graphics Card AMD R9 380 4GB AMD R9 380 4GB AMD R9 370 4GB Nvidia GTX 960 AMD Radeon R9 260 2GB Available RAM/Speed 8GB/1600MHz 8GB/2133MHz 8GB/2133MHz 8GB/2133MHz 16GB/1600MHz Storage (SSD/HDD) 1TB HDD 1TB HDD 256GB/1TB 120GB/1TB 2TB Audio Onboard Realtek Audio Onboard 7.1 Audio Onboard Realtek Audio Onboard Realtek Audio Onboard 7.1 Audio Warranty 3 Years Labor /3 Year Parts 1 Year Parts /3 Year Labor 1 Year Parts/Labor 1 Year Parts/ 3 Year Labor 3 Year Parts/Labor Price $919 $964 $999 $999 $949 View on Cyberpower View on Amazon View on Amazon View on Digital Storm View on Amazon #1 Pick CyberPower PC’s Gamer Dragon This much power never came so cheap WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Dragon is the best pick for 4K gamer’s budget.  Among the PC gaming community, the customizers and builders at CyberPowerPC are legend. The company is one of the longest running in the business, offering insane deals and discounts on some of the best gaming hardware that assures you you’re always going to get the best possible bang for your buck. Thanks to wholesale buying practices and a dedicated workforce, often the price you’ll pay to build your own comparative system is only around $50 less than what you’d get for CyberPower to build, customize, and ship the whole package to you in one plug-and-play piece. The company offers dozens of different models that feature a range of specific options you can use to refine what you need out of your machine, but in the pre-built category at least, few offer as strong a value as you’ll find in the latest Gamer Dragon. With an AMD R9 380 4GB graphics card and an 8-core AMD FX8320 processor, the Dragon streams through AAA titles at 4K resolution without slipping a frame. Of course, if those specs aren’t up to your bar, the best thing about shopping at CyberPowerPC is nearly every single component on the PC you buy is customizable, giving you the option to add or remove any parts to get the power-to-cost ratio exactly where you want it on the dial. View on Cyberpower – $919 #2 Pick Syber Vapor One The Syber Vapor One is solid gaming PC for under $1000. WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Syber One is a PC made for the console convert.  When Steam OS was first announced by Valve back in 2013, dozens of desktop manufacturers rushed out products that were primed to take advantage of the new and exciting operating system. In the case of Syber’s Vapor I, it’s a bit of a “counting your chickens before they hatch” scenario, where potential Steam Machines were commissioned and built before Valve had even confirmed their OS was in beta, leaving them to ship the computer running a regular build of Windows instead. Nonetheless, the company pushed on, pairing their lineup of console competitors with Windows 10 and Steam’s “Big Picture Mode” installed from the start. The gamble paid off, and the Vapor I is a well-priced PC that makes itself just as much at home under your desk as it does sharing a little space next to the PS4 or Xbox One in your living room. It’s got all the power you need to compare to what a console puts out, and a form factor that simply can’t be beat by anything else in its class. View on Amazon – $999 #3 Pick Alienware X51 R3 Style and power make the Alienware X15 a top contender. WHY IT’S A TOP PICK:  The Alienware is built to perform in any condition.  As one of the oldest prebuilt desktop computer manufacturers around, Alienware has worked long and hard to shake off the rep that it only makes “overpriced, underpowered machines for people who don’t know any better”. Simply uttering the name in an PC enthusiast forum is enough to get you shadowbanned for life, but over the past several years the company has made immense strides in creating products that look just as good as they perform – all for a price that won’t send your wallet limping off to the hospital. Read: Best Gaming Laptops 2016 The X51 R3 is the latest PC gaming desktop that is endlessly customizable from the minute you sign on to the website, giving you the option to add as much horsepower as you think you might need and shave off any of the extra noise that doesn’t result in smooth, polygon-packed gaming at its finest. With an Intel 6th-generation Core i7 Skylake processor, it’s rocking the most up-to-date processor of all the other options listed here, not to mention the addition of 8GB of DDR4 RAM clocked to a whopping 2133MHz. If you want the cutting edge of what’s out there right now, look no further than Alienware’s latest and greatest desktop gaming lineup. View on Amazon – $999 #4 Pick Digital Storm Vanquish 4 A powerful gaming PC with upgrade capabilities. WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Digital Storm Vanquish is an all-around star.  Digital Storm has always been known for their attention to detail and quality, and the latest addition to the Vanquish 4 lineup is no different. While it may not be the sleekest or the most stylish of the bunch, it still offers a solid combination of hardware features that will churn out 1080p graphics on medium-to-max settings, depending on the game of your choice. Read: Best Gaming PC 2016 The Vanquish manages to pack in a 5th-generation Intel i5 6500 CPU alongside an Nvidia GTX950 2GB graphics card, both considered to be some of the best valued peripherals that crank out power like nothing else in the business. Best of all, the Vapor I starts at just $899, leaving a solid Benjamin of room for any extra customization options you might want to add on before you hit the checkout. View on Amazon – $725+ #5 Pick Lenovo Erazer X315 An unexpected monster under the hood WHY IT’S A TOP PICK: The Lenovo offers serious power for multitaskers everywhere.  Although Lenovo may not exactly be well-known for their gaming pedigree, in recent years the company has shifted its focus onto making solid, reliable, and powerful gaming PCs that don’t cost an arm and a leg but still post impressive specs and an even more impressive all-around build quality. The Erazer X315 is the best of this latest collection of high-powered desktops to enter the fray, featuring a whopping 12GB of DDR3 RAM, an R9 260 2GB graphics card, and an AMD A10-7850K processor. Sure, it may not be the prettiest girl at the ball or feature all the sex appeal you might get with the Vapor I, but what it lacks in raw aesthetics it more than makes up for in pure, unadulterated power. The Erazer X315 is a beast beneath the hood, and runs at just under our limit for a cool $999 USD. View on Amazon – $949 Common Mistakes to Avoid When shopping on a budget, especially in the realm of PC gaming, you’re always going to want to choose substance over flash. Sure, a lot of prebuilt boxes out there pride themselves on spectacular design and more LEDs lining the case than you can shake a stick at, but it’s important to remember that all these extra design elements don’t come cheap. As such, you’ll want to avoid things like custom case modifications, laser engraving, or “special anodized materials”, because at the end of the day all these frills do is cut into money that could be better spent on beefing up the graphics card, RAM, or processor. Gaming PCs need all the power they can get, and while the urge to show them off to your friends at the local LAN party may be strong, Features to Look For Processor/Graphics Card Although more often than not we’d split these two categories up, when it comes to prebuilt gaming PCs it’s rare that you’ll find two different brands of either installed in the same machine. This is to say that if you get a machine with an AMD processor, almost always that’s going to be paired with an AMD video card, and the same goes for Intel/Nvidia. One bottlenecks the other in gaming, and it isn’t recommended that you try and mix them up as both will have more options to work with their companion component if you keep them paired up. Nvidia cards work like a charm with Intel CPUs, and AMD processors work like a charm with cards under the same name. RAM Obviously, no gamer worth their salt is going to pack in anything less than 8GB of RAM into their machine, and in the sub-$1,000 range you usually aren’t going to find faster than two sticks clocked at 2400MHz. 1833MHz is fine as well, but the majority of demanding AAA titles these days will struggle if you try and kick this all the way down to 1600MHz. Hard Drive Space This is a big one. Many times the biggest mistake that budget gamers make when picking up a new PC is skimping on hard drive space, or simply grabbing an SSD and forgetting about a secondary HDD altogether. If you plan on gaming, you have to plan on setting aside at least 500GB (1TB ideally) of extra space to fit many of the popular games that are being released today. For example, the base version of The Witcher III  takes up a whopping 40GB of space on its own, let alone the extra add-ons with DLC and expansion packs. Internal/External WiFi Adapter If you plan on keeping your PC right next to your home’s networking modem, this isn’t a consideration, however if it’s going anywhere else, you need to make sure to either use a USB or internal WiFi card to pick up a wireless signal. With USB 3.0, most adapters can handle any speed you throw at them, although some people do still prefer the internal card in order to reduce the cable noise around their gaming station. So Which Gaming PC Under $1,000 is Right For You In a sentence: any of them! The great thing about PC gaming (outside of the beautiful graphics, endless customization, mods, reliable multiplayer, the list goes on), is unlike consoles, you’re never shoehorned into picking either one or the other. If you want something that looks sleek and plays clean, the Vanquish 4 has got the job covered. Want as much power as you can squeeze out of your budget? The AMD 8-core from CyberPower is an unparalleled beast of a machine. PC gaming gives you the option to play how you want to play, and never compromise for anything less than the best. Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Chris Stobing Chris Stobing is a writer and blogger from the heart of Silicon Valley. Raised around tech from birth, he's had an interest in PC hardware and networking technology for years, and has come to Gadget Review to contribute his knowledge on both. You can follow him on Twitter here. Sponsored Content Related Posts How to Build Your Next Gaming PC Best Gaming PC for 2016 – The Complete Guide BFG Tech Unveils High End ‘Phobos’ Gaming Computers With 8-inch Touchscreen LCD Battlefield 3 PC Case Mod Features Chain Gun and Drinks Fridge Alienware X51 Custom Computers for Serious Bank 3 Comments to Best Gaming PCs Under $1,000 Nicole on You have your #1 choice listed as i7 4790k… In your description you write that with an AMD FX 8320 processor. I clicked the link on cyberpower to verify and that site says that it is an AMD FX 6300 and costs $200 less. I looked at your number 2 and 3 pick and they are the same link to a $1,400 Lenovo desktop. This was a very confusing list to read with conflicting information for the author and the websites. Reply me on One complain about the article. You can definitely mix up amd and nvidia, intel and amd without any issues. The whole “one brand pc” is a joke. Also I would recommend building your own pc, and if you don’t feel learning to build a pc, let someone who can do it build it for you. You’re going to save a lot. Reply Christen Costa on Good timing. We’ll have a post out soon on building your own PC, so stay tuned :). Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,004 Fans 13,315 Subscribers 10,829 Followers Recent Reviews Home Security Systems Best Home Security System: Top 5 of 2016 DSLR Cameras Best DSLR Camera 2016 Projectors 5 of the Best Home Theater Projectors for 2016 Bluetooth Speakers 10 of the Best Bluetooth Speakers 2016 Office Chair Best Office Chair 2016 – The No Bulls#*t Guide to Sitting Wireless Routers Best Wireless Router 2016 – The In Depth Buyer’s Guide Radar Detectors Best Radar Detector 2016: Long-Range Driver Protection Cell Phones Best Smartphone 2016 ChromeBook Review Best Chromebook of 2016 Gaming Laptops Best Gaming Laptop – The Beginner’s Guide to Portable Gaming Ultra HD 4K TVs Best 4K TV for 2016 Blenders Best Blenders 2016 LED TVs Best 32 LED TV Wine Accessories Best Wine Fridge Gaming PC Reviews Best Gaming Laptop 2016 Valve's Steam Link Streams Your PC Games on Your TV Best Gaming PC 2016 How to Build a Gaming Computer In Win H-Frame Aluminum Computer Case - Flux Capacitor Not Included 14 Steam Machines Are Here, but Which One is for You? (list/comparison) Alienware's Alpha Console Nudges PC Gamers to the Living Room Alienware X51 Battlefield 3 PC Case Mod Features Chain Gun and Drinks Fridge HP Pavilion HPE Phoenix H9 Gaming PC Review The ROG CG6190: Asus' Intel Core i7 Gaming Rig Gadgets At A Glance: HP Firebird PC 803 BFG Tech Unveils High End 'Phobos' Gaming Computers With 8-inch Touchscreen LCD Telson Multimedia PC Rocks 3D Screen and 3D Camera Alienware Area-51 750i: An Affordable High End Gaming Rig Gateway Intros Two New FX Gaming Rigs: The FX6800-01e & FX6800-05 Custom Computers for Serious Bank Dell XPS 600 Renegade goes for sale Gadgets At A Glance: Acer Predator GT7700 Desktop Gaming Computer Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:43 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search US Military Hackers Claim Penetration of Russian Infrastructure © Flickr/ Georgia National Guard US 03:12 05.11.2016Get short URL 3171762812 US military hackers have penetrated Russia's electric grid, telecommunications networks and Kremlin's command systems, making them vulnerable to attack by secret American cyber weapons, according to a series of reports by a major US television network. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — NBC News disclosed the penetration in a series of reports, explaining that US efforts parallel claims, also by US officials, that Russia, China and other nations have placed hidden malware on parts of US critical infrastructure. The penetration by all sides appears to be in preparation for an all-out war in cyberspace, according to NBC News, which said it was briefed by a US intelligence official and given an opportunity to review highly classified documents. At the same time, the network downplayed the prospect of a cyber war, making it appear as if the leak was intended as a warning to US adversaries. © AP Photo/ Mary Altaffer US Intel Doubts Alleged Russian Cyberattacks Could Affect Election Outcome – ReportsNBC News then attempted to link its explosive report to Tuesday’s US presidential election, citing concerns of mischief by Russian hackers that would fall far short of the Armageddon-like scenario that the report implied. Instead, the network explained US election-related concerns as "cyber mischief," which could involve releasing fake documents or creating bogus social media accounts to spread misinformation. The Obama administration has created a public, but unconfirmed narrative, that hackers controlled by the Russian government have stolen emails from the Democratic Party headquarters, a private computer used by presidential candidate Hillary Clinton while serving as secretary of State and computers used by Clinton campaign Chairman John Podesta. According to the narrative, Russia stole the emails and gave the messages to WikiLeaks, which has flooded the internet with the material on a daily basis leading up to Tuesday’s election. Russia has denied any responsibility for the Clinton-related hacks and links between WikiLeaks and Russian intelligence have never been substantiated. Moreover, recent media reports in the United States indicate that Clinton’s private server she used for official business during her tenure as secretary of state had been penetrated by at least five foreign intelligence services. The emails have proved especially embarrassing for the Clinton campaign by disclosing decisions in the Clinton State Department that favored large donors to the Clinton Foundation in what appear to be "pay-for-play" schemes of selling access and influence. © Sputnik/ Vladimir Astapkovich Russia Has Tools to Respond to 'Unfriendly' US Steps in CyberspaceMoreover, the activity appears to coincide with lucrative speaking engagements for former President Bill Clinton. Earlier this week, Fox News cited two unnamed sources claiming that the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is close to recommending that Hillary Clinton be indicted for corruption while she served as secretary of state from 2009 to 2013. The FBI has never publicly confirmed an investigation of Clinton Foundation fundraising links to the State Department. Instead, the FBI has limited its comments to a separate probe of whether Clinton mishandled classified information by using a private server. FBI Director James Comey closed the latter investigation without an indictment of Clinton, only to reopen it last Friday, claiming agents had discovered new emails on a computer used by the estranged husband of top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. Former federal prosecutor and New York City Mayor Rudi Giuliani has said publicly that FBI agents are in open rebellion against the US Department of Justice for attempting to quash both Clinton criminal investigations. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 2812 Related: Non-State Actor Appears to Be Behind Cyberattack on US Websites - Intelligence Massive Cyberattack Shuts Down Major Websites in US, 2nd Hack Feared - Reports Russia to React to Threat of US Retaliatory Cyberattacks US Ready to Respond to Alleged Russian Cyberattacks Tags: kremlin, cyberattack, Russia, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply mario828282 03:25 05.11.2016 | 5 | Edit | Delete Professional hackers NEVER brag about their successes, they would save their catch for a rainy day. Reply cast235 03:36 05.11.2016 | 4 | Edit | Delete Actually, WELCOME. Someone should tell them, that ALL countries do that. And in case of war, they have plans. When Russia was nice with NATO , Russia was going to de commission a missile, that uses EMP as attack. It was tested. And the MOST modern and best protected systems used to try it out.. In this Soviets were very right. Just don't show off. Soviets thought the weapon was less lethal. It knocked out all modern system and way more. They were laughing. Saying , (very NAIVE), and this are systems of the early 60's obsolete. And can knock modern insulated systems from very far away. Get it now? All may get BLIND. And careful, Russia found Stuxnet? That was the name of virus. Found other more powerful and neuter it. And Russia been fighting hacking and attacks from U.S for a very long time. Reply cast235 03:45 05.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete Forgot, one day Russia was complaining that an attack was on RT, and Rus gov. They traced it to California. And overcame it. If it;s Russia Washington be crying 24/7/ About U.K. IF persist Russia should close U.K embassy. And END all trade. Without exception, Like Turkey. Buy them OFF, on all investments, so they don't lose any cash. U.K was arming opposition. That's why ALEPPO is destroyed. They began attacking the Syrian gov. Worst, MOST Syrians don't want them back. They killed, Raped Syrians. They TRAITORS.... Go ask in Syria? I heard it so many times. Reply chrrev 03:48 05.11.2016 | 5 | Edit | Delete BS, yanks just bragging.they are clueless Reply Andrew J 07:18 05.11.2016 | 3 | Edit | Delete They are confused again. Reply ivanwa88 07:19 05.11.2016 | 4 | Edit | Delete Hacked into Russia's command centre BS that's complete garbage the new system is not hackable. Maybe its public announcement system not its military system. Stupid bluff again! must have lots to hide US is one big cover up of nonsensical fabrications and false data. Reply michael 08:39 05.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete and the report comes from that eminent media outlet, the nbc. I agree with the other commentators, it is simply STUPID to tell your enemy what you have access to. One has to wonder how far the retardation reaches in the us media, government and armed forces. Reply WooFee 09:00 05.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete Hehe looks like the job was done by same creeps who "hacked" Surkov''s personal e-correspondence, if you get the sarcasm. Reply sophm0e38 10:27 05.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete This is the same US military that hasn't won any wars since, even during, WWII where they came in late after funding the Nazi government. This is the same US that spent decades relying on Chinese, Russian and German talent, and still does e.g. the U.S. bioweapons programme relied on Nazis. The US is nothing but a pirate state. Reply Glamoureus 11:05 05.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete Only uneducated fools will believe professional military reveals such secrets. Only eneducated fools will believe hackers are unintelligent and reveals their accessed. Only educated fools will publish such claims in newspapers to control the mind of uneducated fools Reply anne00marie 11:22 05.11.2016 | 3 | Edit | Delete If the US had managed to achieve that goal, would they really announce it on public TV? As Snowden said, 'what part of covert do the State Department not understand'? For some reason, I assume Russian intelligence is a lot stronger than US and they know how to protect their assets? With regards the FBI/NYPD investigation into the Clintons and what they found on Weiner's laptop, this article is seriously worth checking out (even if I do not like Erik Prince): www.breitbart.com/radio/2016/11/04/erik-prince-nypd-ready-make-arrests-weiner-case Reply jasin reply toanne00marie(Show commentHide comment) 11:43 05.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete anne00marie, Thank you for the article. I don't like Breitbart, but the details of the story are consistent with what is exposed publicly about the personalities involved. Obama is just a criminal. We'll never see it, but he should go down with the Clintons and the whole lot of them. Reply slobodan 11:52 05.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete USA always only respond to something, even imaginary or falsified, or self created situations. Poor USA... Reply Box 1 14:13 06.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete hahahah, So finding all of Hillary's emails should be easy, right? Knowing the full extent of the corruption in the DNC should be easy right? Blocking Julian Assange Wikileaks should be easy right? Remember how the US would always talk about CHATTER? we received CHATTER lolShow new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories A 'Very Delicate Issue': EU 'Has to Choose' Between NATO and Its Own Army With US President-elect Donald Trump due in the White House in a few months, the EU now has to make a choice between NATO and its own military, Peter van Ham, expert on European security and transatlantic relations, told Sputnik. 2495 Japan Gives Go-Ahead to Another Nuclear Reactor to Serve Beyond 40 Years Limit Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority approved another reactor to remain operational for longer than the 40 years maximum, introduced after the 2011 Fukushima disaster, media reported Wednesday. 0 211 'Time Has Come': Russia, Mexico Could Jointly Create Light Helicopter Russia's deputy minister of industry and trade said time had come to launch a joint project with Mexico on the development of a light chopper. 2461 Up to Eight Officials Could Be Implicated in Ex-Russian Minister Bribery Case The case of former Russian Economic Development Minister Alexei Ulyukayev, charged with bribery and extortion, could involve up to eight people more. 1204 Japan Attaches Great Importance to Meetings Between Putin and Abe Japan's Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Tokyo saw "a very important meaning" in the fact of more meetings between Shinzo Abe and Vladimir Putin. 0 109 Kabul Explosion Leaves Four Dead, 11 Wounded A suicide blast in Kabul left four people dead, 11 injured. 0 156 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:36Crushing Blow: Trump May Revive Plans on Russian-US Joint Airstrikes in Syria 10:27All Russian Airstrikes in Syria 'Are Targeted, Proportionate, Verified' 10:21Lavrov, Kerry to Discuss Anti-Russia Sanctions, Syria at APEC Session in Peru 10:11Japan Attaches Great Importance to Meetings Between Putin and Abe 09:52Up to Eight Officials Could Be Implicated in Ex-Russian Minister Bribery CaseAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19602 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9793 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 9048 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 8521 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7695All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38 Mass Student Walk-Outs Across US Protest Trump Election Win 31All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » The Loop » Saudi Ambassador Compares Airstrikes On Yemen To A Husband Beating His Wife Saudi Ambassador compares airstrikes on Yemen to a husband beating his wife Saudi Ambassador compares airstrikes on Yemen to a husband beating his wife 2.5 5 Published November 6th, 2016 - 12:57 GMT via SyndiGate.info Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (1) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit 10,000 people have died in the Yemen conflict (Stringer/AFP) Remarks made by the Saudi Ambassador to the United States, Prince Abdullah Al-Saud, comparing the use of cluster weapons in Yemen to a husband beating his wife, raised eyebrows on Friday.  When asked “will you continue to use cluster weapons in Yemen” by a reporter from The Intercept, Mr Saud responded by joking that “this is like the question, ‘Will you stop beating your wife?’” He went on to add that “if anyone attacks human lives, and disturbs the border, in whatever region, we’re going to continue hitting them, no matter what.” A Saudi-led coalition has been bombing Shia Houthi rebels in Yemen since March 2015, at the request of the exiled government of Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi. However, the ongoing campaign has faced criticism by human rights groups for its use of internationally banned cluster bombs, which scatter into explosive fragments, and are thus highly dangerous to civilians, and particularly to children. The coalition has been responsible for the majority of the 10,000 deaths in the conflict, including 140 people who were killed when a funeral was targeted in the capital Sanaa in October. Following the release of a 12-second video of the exchange, Yemenis and Saudis took to social media to criticize the remarks both for showing a lack of compassion for Yemeni lives, and a lack of respect for Saudi wives. نحن نقدم دمائنا رخيصة لكي لا تستخف بنا #السعودية أو تهيننا وغيرنا يقبل أحذية حكامها لتهينه وتهيننا اللعنة#السفير_السعودي_بواشنطن_يهين_اليمن— محمد عودين (@m_audin) November 3, 2016 “We offer our blood cheaply, so that #Saudi does not disparage or insult us, and others accept the 'shoes' [an insult in Arabic] of their rule so that they [can] insult them and insult us. #SaudiAmbassadortoWashingtonInsultsYemen” والله مش عارفه هي اهانه لليمن ولا للزوجه السعوديه"كـ متحدث سعودي" الي يتكلم عن ضربها بصوره ضاحكه #السفير_السعودي_بواشنطن_يهين_اليمن— هيـلا (@hyol_ali) November 3, 2016 “I swear, I don't know if this is an insult to Yemen or to Saudi wives, as "a Saudi spokesman" talks about beating with humor. #SaudiAmbassadortoWashingtonInsultsYemen” Moreover, some Saudis suggested that the comments do not represent Saudi Arabia. كان رده بعيداً عن المهنية وقريباً من الوقاحة وهو أبداً لايمثلنا لاشعبياً ولا رسمياً..اليمن منا ونحن منهم #السفير_السعودي_بواشنطن_يهين_اليمن— مُستَقِلٌ (@znklonee) November 4, 2016 “His response was far from professional and close to audacity, and he does not represent us at all as a people or officially... Yemen is us and we are them.” However, others have criticized what they saw as the misrepresentation of Mr Saud’s words, suggesting that his statement was meant to indicate that he felt that he was not being questioned so much as accused.  #السفير_السعودي_بواشنطن_يهين_اليمن بضروف عصيبه يجب اختيار الألفاظ المناسبه الأعداء يتربصون بنا— morad (@almoradi7) November 3, 2016 "#SaudiAmbassadortoWashingtonInsultsYemen In difficult circumstances we must choose the appropriate words as enemies lie in wait for us." Moreover, a longer, six-minute clip, later uploaded to Youtube by Capitol Intel Group, shows the Ambassador accusing the reporter of “coming here with questions you have already in your mind.” This led some to argue that it was aggressive reporting on the part of the Intercept journalist, which pushed the prince to use evasive western political tactics. #السفير_السعودي_بواشنطن_يهين_اليمن التعبير دبلوماسي غربي ليس له علاقة بالإحتقار والتسفيه https://t.co/a1T9Yg9GAkhttps://t.co/UzK6j7FNhi— منصور الشريف (@mansour1956) November 3, 2016 “The comments were just western diplomacy and have nothing to do with humiliation or impudence.” Mr Saud was speaking at the annual Arab-US policymakers conference, which is partly funded by oil companies and arms manufacturers. The US and UK have both come under increased pressure to cease arms sales to Saudi Arabia, as it is feared that western-manufactured weapons are being used to kill Yemeni civilians. Follow the Loop on Twitter and Facebook  Advertisement © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (1) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Parents have baby ‘living on the edge’ of a cliff for a souvenir photo in Saudi Going out in flames: Iranian man sets his Filipina girlfriend on fire in restaurant in Japan Trumped by love: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump goes viral Finally, a definitive answer on the Middle East’s most generous people: Iraqis Oh, the irony: Turkey warns citizens against travel to US amid anti-Trump protests Muslim woman in Italy fined $32,500 for refusing to remove niqab at public meeting Hate crime? Saudi student assaulted in Wisconsin, dies from injuries Sure to disappoint football fans, Qatar will ban alcohol during 2022 world cup A bit of good news: First Somali-American woman elected to US Congress ‘It was a vote against me’: Trump win strikes fear into American Muslim community Life is a rollercoaster for ‘the Afghan girl’: After Pakistan deported her, Sharbat Gula met Afghan president A life of struggle: National Geographic’s iconic ‘Afghan girl’ deported from Pakistan Top Headlines 'Too soon' to expect an improvement in Lebanon's real estate sector Increased travel demands power $100B of MENA airport projects Jordan tops list of refugee host countries One third of Mosul retaken from Daesh, says Iraqi forces Walk This Way... where Aerosmith will bid farewell to Israel next May RECENT ARTICLES Israeli café bans Arabs from speaking their native tongue Trump's chief strategist: America's Islamophobic poster boy Raunchy images emerge of ultra-conservative Iranian cleric The Muslim call to prayer rings out in the Israeli Knesset The British government refuses calls to suspend arms sales to Saudi forces bombarding Yemen RELATED ARTICLES Hariri to seek boosted protection for Lebanon during US visit Egypt's 20 most promising startups revealed: Forbes MOST POPULAR What does a President Trump mean for Syria? Moroccan teenagers face three years in prison for hugging and kissing #StrongerTogetherAgainstTerrorism trending 11 years after Amman bombings The Battle for Raqqa Begins Do newly released WikiLeaks emails show link between Hillary Clinton and Daesh? Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Related Videos The moment Nahed Hattar got shot! Previous Stories Israeli café bans Arabs from speaking their native tongue Trump's chief strategist: America's Islamophobic poster boy Raunchy images emerge of ultra-conservative Iranian cleric The Muslim call to prayer rings out in the Israeli Knesset The British government refuses calls to suspend arms sales to Saudi forces bombarding Yemen Napping, playing phone games and illegally smoking: the antics of Jordan's MPs Twitter united in expressions of admiration for the late King Hussein of Jordan on his birthday Daesh hopes to turn Trump’s win into recruitment opportunity Could a Muslim be the next leader of the Democrats? Donald Trump born in Pakistan, rumours claim From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Celebrity couple Amy Samir Ghanem and Hassan Raddad tie the knot in Egypt Russia announces first-ever strike on Aleppo from aircraft carrier   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks Tablets Best Tablets Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Tablets Under $200 Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder Acer Chromebook R 13 Review By Henry T. Casey | November 3, 2016 MORE $399.99 from Amazon Editors' rating: The Pros Runs Android apps; Excellent battery life; Sleek, premium-looking design; Comfortable keyboard The Cons Mediocre performance; Flat audio Verdict The Acer Chromebook R 13 combines an attractive design, long endurance and the ability to run your favorite Android apps. Review The big knock against Chromebooks -- the light, minimal alternative to MacBooks and PC laptops -- is that their software options are limited. The Acer Chromebook R 13 is one of the first notebooks to avoid that problem, as it offers (beta) support for the Android apps in the Google Play store. On top of that, it has long battery life, a comfy keyboard and an aluminum design that's quite slick for a $399 machine. As long as you don't need a lot of processing power, the Chromebook R 13 is a great choice. article continued below Design The Acer Chromebook R 13's aluminum chassis gives it an eye-catching look that made one of my co-workers mistake it for a MacBook Pro. Its 1080p display rotates to laptop, display, tent and tablet positions on a pair of hinges that offer enough tightness to keep it stable. The Chromebook R 13 weighs 3.2 pounds and measures 0.6 inches thick, which makes it thinner than the Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Chromebook (3.2 pounds, 0.8 inches) and the Dell Chromebook 13 (3.23 pounds, 0.7 inches). The 10-inch Asus Chromebook Flip is lighter (1.96 pounds, 0.6 inches), but that's to be expected at that size. Acer placed the R 13's USB Type-C port, HDMI port, USB 3.0 port and microSD card reader on the Chromebook's left side and the headphone jack and lock slot on its right side. That Type-C port is used mainly for charging, but it also supports USB 3.1 data transfer and DisplayPort monitors.  MORE: Best Acer Laptops Display The Chromebook R 13's 13.3-inch, 1080p panel shows crisp images but with unimpressive color and brightness. When I watched a trailer for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story on the notebook, I could see the tiny beads of rain on Orson Krennic's jacket as clearly as each strand of young Jyn Erso's hair. The glowing red lights in a freighter appeared strong, and blue skies rendered in a correct pale tone. But a Star Destroyer showed up in an off-white tone, and the panel gave rebel pilot jumpsuits a muted orange. The Chromebook R 13's panel displays only 64 percent of the sRGB spectrum. That's similar to the scores from the Asus Chromebook Flip (61 percent) and the ThinkPad 13 Chromebook (63 percent), but lower than those from the Dell Chromebook 13 (96 percent) and the ultraportable category average (82 percent). The colors the Chromebook R 13's display shows are still rather accurate for a notebook, earning a 1.1 (lower is better) on the Delta-E test. That's worse than the Asus Chromebook Flip's score (0.7), the same as the ThinkPad 13 Chromebook's showing (1.1), and better than the numbers from the Dell Chromebook 13 (1.4) and the average thin-and-light notebook (2.0). The Chromebook R 13's panel emits up to 254 nits (a measure of brightness), which is more than the average for thin-and-light notebooks (244 nits) and similar to the ThinkPad 13 Chromebook's 257 nits of brightness. However, it's lower than the scores from the Dell Chromebook 13 (270 nits) and the Asus Chromebook Flip (283 nits). I wish it were brighter, though, as its screen often showed my reflection during darker scenes. Keyboard, Touch Screen, Touchpad The Chromebook R 13's keyboard offers a lovely typing experience. Testing it out on the 10fastfingers.com typing test, I clicked my way to 75 words per minute, which is near my average (80 wpm). The convertible keys work so well because they feature 1.6 millimeters of travel and require 52 grams of force to actuate -- measurements near what we prefer (1.5 to 2 mm; 60 grams). As I scrolled through pages and played rounds of Fruit Ninja, the Chromebook R 13's 13.3-inch touch screen showed decent responsiveness, only lagging behind me when my finger reached a frenzied pace. Whether I was reading web pages or navigating through the user interface, the Chromebook R 13's 4.1 x 2.3-inch buttonless touchpad responded to my input quickly and accurately. Two-finger scrolling was smooth when I skimmed a Google Doc. Pressing down on the pad provided a comfortable click. Audio The Chromebook R 13's speakers didn't provide much volume in our tests, barely filling a small conference room with a mediocre rendition of Jidenna's "Long Live the Chief." While the convertible rendered the song's high-pitched synths clearly, it took the punch out of the track's bass and vocals.  MORE: Best 2-in-1s (Laptop/Tablet Hybrids) Performance Our review configuration of the Chromebook R 13 sports a MediaTek MT8173C processor and 4GB of RAM -- a combination that doesn't offer enough speed for smooth multitasking. The laptop ran speedily when I used only a few tabs (including Google Docs and Slack), but I noticed stuttering while scrolling through sites after I split the screen among a 1080p YouTube video and nine Chrome tabs. The $399 Chromebook R 13 scored a meager 59 on the JetStream benchmark for JavaScript performance. That's lower than the score from the $420, Intel Celeron-powered Dell Chromebook 13 (86) and far below that from the $800, Core i5-powered ThinkPad 13 Chromebook (171) and the average for thin-and-light notebooks (172), which includes more expensive Windows notebooks. The Chromebook R 13 also performed poorly on the WebGL Aquarium test, rendering 2,000 fish at a rate between 20 and 40 frames per second. The Dell Chromebook 13 (48 fps) and the Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Chromebook (60 fps) ran that animation more smoothly. The Chromebook R 13 beats the $259, Rockchip-powered Asus Chromebook Flip on two benchmark tests: the SunSpider JavaScript test (635.6 milliseconds versus 688.5 milliseconds, where shorter is better) and the Peacekeeper browser test (1,559 versus 1,425). We don't typically use those tests because they're no longer maintained, but these scores still show that the R 13 edges out the Flip in a head-to-head comparison. Battery Life The Chromebook R 13 goes the distance, lasting 11 hours on the Laptop Mag Battery Test (web surfing at 100 nits of brightness). That's longer than the ThinkPad 13 Chromebook (9:08), the Chromebook Flip C100P (9:19) and the average for thin-and-light notebooks (7:52), but shorter than the Dell Chromebook 13 (13:25). MORE: Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Webcam The Chromebook R 13's 0.9-megapixel webcam shoots grainy images with poor color reproduction. When I tested it in our well-lit office, it made a red wall look orange and my purple shirt render as a mix of blue and gray. Heat The Chromebook R 13 manages heat well. After we streamed 15 minutes of HD video on the notebook, our heat gun recorded temperatures on its touchpad (80.5 degrees Fahrenheit), G & H keys (85.5 degrees) and underside (89 degrees) that didn't breach our 95-degree comfort threshold. Software The Chromebook R 13, as its name suggests, runs Chrome OS, Google's minimalist, cloud-based answer to the hefty macOS and Windows. This means you'll need an internet connection to do most things on it, though you can save documents for offline usage in Google's apps such as Docs and Sheets. Android Apps One of the biggest differences between the R 13 and other Chromebooks is that it's one of the few models, along with the Asus Chromebook Flip, that can run Android apps. To try this out, though, you'll need to switch the notebook to the Beta updates channel. Occasionally, the X button on the top-left corner of an app wouldn't respond to my taps, so I had to hold down on the program's icon at the bottom of the screen and select Close. When I tested this feature with some Android games -- the Chrome Web Store doesn't offer much for gamers -- I found mixed results. The Chromebook R 13 ran the casual pinball gaming title PinOut with no problem, but the more demanding Asphalt 8 racing game showed lag when I tried to turn a car by turning the tablet. MORE: Best Chromebooks Available Now Overall, I noticed apps performed more smoothly when I used them in windowed views; they stuttered in full-screen mode. This isn't a big surprise, as a warning message says, "This app may not work when resized." Unfortunately, apps automatically resize when the R 13's screen is folded into tablet mode, and there is no button to return to windowed mode. Bottom Line The Acer Chromebook R 13 is a very good piece of hardware for the price, and the combination of Android emulation and a long-lasting battery makes this convertible a seriously compelling option. Productivity users or heavy multitaskers should consider a Chromebook with a more powerful processor, such as the Lenovo ThinkPad 13 Chromebook or the Dell Chromebook 13. However, if you want a convertible Chromebook for a great price, the Chromebook R 13 is your best choice. Unfortunately, the options for touch-screen Chromebooks are limited. So although the Asus Chromebook Flip is a more affordable $259, it doesn't match the R 13's battery life or performance. The speedy, long-lasting Dell Chromebook 13 is on the list for eventual Android support, but it will be limited without a touch screen. The Acer Chromebook R 13, though, is an all-around solid option that shows a blueprint for future Chrome OS notebooks. Best Ultrabooks (Thin-and-Light Windows Laptops) The Best Laptops for Business and Productivity The Best Laptops for Every Need Ask a Question Publish Specifications CPU MediaTek MT8173C Core Pilot Quad-Core ARM Operating System Google Chrome RAM 4GB RAM Upgradable to Hard Drive Size 32GB Hard Drive Speed Hard Drive Type Secondary Hard Drive Size Secondary Hard Drive Speed Secondary Hard Drive Type Display Size 13.3 Native Resolution 1920x1080 Optical Drive Optical Drive Speed Graphics Card Integrated Imagination PowerVR GX6250 Graphics Video Memory Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wi-Fi Model 802.11AC WiFi featuring 2x2 MIMO Technology (Dual-Band 2.4GHz and 5GHz) Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Mobile Broadband Touchpad Size 4.1 x 2.4 inches Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.1 with Type-C Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.0 Ports (excluding USB) Headphone Ports (excluding USB) HDMI USB Ports 2 Card Slots microSD Warranty/Support One Year International Limited Warranty Size 12.8 x 8.9 x 0.6 inches Weight 3.2 pounds Company Website Add a comment Email Name Comment Firstname Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins Related Reviews Alienware 13 (late 2016) HP ProBook 440 G3 Lenovo Yoga 710 (14-inch) Acer TravelMate P648 Lenovo ThinkPad T460p COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Chennai Classic .Com       No Fees... No Login... Just Post Ads!!!           Chennai Others | Providing all Others in Chennai (Madras) India Home  •  Post Classifieds India / Chennai / Services / Others ﻿ Warning: Avoid Scams and Fraud. Unless you are sure about the other party do not get involved in financial transactions Report Abuse | Email this Ad    Share Best-designed Dell Precision T7600 Workstation rental Chennai Reply to: (Use contact form below) (Please mention ChennaiClassic.com when contacting) Best-designed Dell Precision T7600 Workstation rental Chennai. The T7600 is probably the best-designed workstation Dell has ever produced. Looks-wise, its exterior says ‘power’ in understated way – though to the touch it’s a bit plastic. Processor: E52630 Xeon Quad Core, Chipset:Intel® C600 series, Memory: 48 GB, Hard Disk: 2 TB HDD, Graphics: Nvidia Quadro 4000, Network: Intel 82754 Gigabit Ethernet controllers, Sound Card: Integrated Realtek ALC269Q High Definition Audio. Contact us:Globalnet technologies Mobile no: +91 90360 10005, Office no: 080-65707504, Email address: enquiry@globalnetech.in , http://globalnetech.in/ Contact this User:    Your email: * Message: * Attachment: The following file types are not allowed: exe, com, bat, vbs, js, jar, scr, pif Maximum file size: 200KB Security Code: * Enter the code shown above into this textbox   Send Now Posted on: Sunday, 06 November, 2016  07:03 Expires On: Tuesday, 14 February, 2017  01:33 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contact us| Post Free Ad| Chennai Classifieds| Jobs in India| Copyright © 2006 - 2016 ChennaiClassic.com Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Free Classifieds Ads Portal. All Rights Reserved Enter your search terms Submit search form   Web www.chennaiclassic.com Your most reliable resource for Jobs, Cars, plots, ads, Houses, Flats, Builders, Chennai Real Estate, Services ... Chennai Classic - Free Chennai Classifieds - The Number 1 Chennai Classified Ads Portal for Chennai Others Services
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube World News Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News You are here: ET Home›News›International›World News 01:07 PM | 16 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,452147.68 NIFTY 50 8,15445.75 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,34020.00 USD/INR 67.780.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Have immigrants arrived in US? Tuesday will tell By TNN | Updated: Nov 06, 2016, 11.48 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » white house | US polls US elections | Hillary Clinton | Donald Trump | Barack Obama Donald Trump has tapped into a rich motherlode of resentment against immigrants and women among white male conservatives who are steamed up about losing to both. By Chidanand Rajghatta Two drivers are powering Donald Trump’s march towards the White House that could culminate on Tuesday in the US electing a racist and sexist lout as its 45th president — demonizing immigrants and foreigners and a residual, deep-rooted misogyny and sexism that the “greatest country on earth’’ is yet to overcome fully. The US is an immigrant nation, built on conquest and enterprise that obliterated a Native American population. Starting in the 1960s when it relaxed immigration controls, and particularly in the 1990s when it dragged many countries, including India, kicking and screaming into the free trade regime, the US allowed an unprecedented influx of immigrants into the country. More than 30 million (close to the entire population of Canada) arrived in the three two-term presidencies of Bill Clinton, George Bush, and Barack Obama. WHO’LL BE PREZ? Immigrants and women could trump Donald in his battle against Hillary Clinton. You can see the result in every big American city, particularly in coastal US. My local library in Silver Spring, a Washington DC suburb, last month had a story reading for children in Amharic, the principal language of Ethiopia. The area, just 10km north of the White House, has a significant Ethiopian population, and indeed, the library is located in one of the most diverse zip codes in America, with over 100 nationalities represented here. Like in Queens in New York, Bay Area in California, and Fort Lauderdale in Florida, immigrants showcase an immense plurality of languages, culture, and cuisine. Schools offer Mandarin and Hindi as optional languages (Spanish of course is the most widely spoken language after English); Diwali, Cinco de Mayo, and Qingming festivals are celebrated with gusto, and downtown Silver Spring offers a dazzling culinary range, including a Burmese and Nepalese restaurant. The immigrant influx is spreading to Middle America. Over the past decade, cities and townships from Irving (outside Dallas) to Nashville, Tennessee, and Omaha, Nebraska, are growing with foreign-born populations in what were hitherto white neighbourhoods. Immigrants work longer hours, their children study more, they live thriftily and save more, and within a generation or two they turn out to be more better-educated, more productive, and higher-earning than Americans, who have been falling off the education map. As far back as 2002, Stanford scholar Tom Kailath illustrated the growing education chasm by reviewing with me some of the last names of his roster of PhD students: Aghajan, Sidhu, Park, Rao, Wang, Hassibi, Halder, Erdogan, Gopinath, Vikalo. There was not one native-born American among his last 10 graduate students. This is even more pronounced now. Check out the finalists of any STEM competition in the US (hosted by Google, Intel, Westinghouse, etc) and you will see what I mean. The few Americans who feature are usually of Jewish origin. The other big change in America is the rise of women. The US is now a women’s nation. In 2009, the Shriver Report showed that for the first time in US history, almost half of US workers (49.5%) are female. Mothers have become the primary breadwinners in 4 out of 10 American families. In more than 20% of all families, a single mother is the primary breadwinner; and 70% of families with kids include a working mother. Donald Trump has tapped into a rich motherlode of resentment against immigrants and women among white male conservatives who are steamed up about losing to both. This constituency alone would not be able to put Trump over the top. There is an agglomeration of others: from the poor and middle-class distressed about jobs and healthcare, to the wealthy who are greedy for Trump’s promised tax breaks, to a few “Hindu-American’’ Trump bhakts who somehow believe his Islamophobia and terrorism rhetoric will favour them. But the key to the election lies with women, who in 2012 constituted a majority of voters (53%). More American women vote than do men (65 to 61%), and more vote Democratic then Republican (Obama 55-Romney 45). At one time, Clinton led Trump by 16 points among women but that lead has shrunk to 10 points (51-41). For some reason, women are not backing Hillary in the numbers that would have easily shattered the glass ceiling, which is shocking when you see she is pitted against arguably the most publicly sexist, misogynist candidate in US presidential election history. American women have come a long way. We’ll know on November 8 if they have come long enough. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 Questions You Need To Answer To Find The Right Auto War.. ConsumerAffairs Dinner Delivered: Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated How the U.S. Cut Pollution While Growing the Economy The New York Times for Chevron MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Investments & Markets From laggard to leader: Pound throws a surprise Rupee ends near 5-mth low vs US dollar; tumbles 49 paise From Around the Web More from The Economic Times 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online Game Skip the Interest. Pay 0% Interest until 2018 Comparecards.com Georgetown Launches Applied Intelligence Master's Degree Georgetown University Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Putin, Trump speak by phone, agree to work to improve ties READ MORE ON » white house | US polls US elections | Hillary Clinton | Donald Trump | Barack Obama Follow this section for latest news on World News EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Finance ministry asks banks to hire retired staff to deal with cash rush How Narendra Modi stole Manmohan Singh’s thunder There's no magic $45 billion behind India's dry ATMs G Janardhan Reddy's daughter's extravagant wedding, Narendra Modi invited Cyrus Mistry hits back saying Ratan Tata made questionable investment decisions More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Intel “Windows phone” identified as a prototype Dell mini-tablet with phone features 5 by Surur  @mspoweruser Nov 6, 2016 at 2:32 GMT1 week ago The dream of many of our readers is Windows 10 on x86 in a phone form factor, which can then be used with UWP apps when mobile and docked for the full Windows desktop experience. It seems some-one did not think this was a complete fantasy, as Brad Sams from Thurrott.com has revealed the above device, leaked by Evan Blass, was an early Dell prototype of full Windows 10 running in a smartphone form factor, but with cellular connectivity, and that it would have used an early version of Continuum for Phones and a lap dock to enable full functionality. He reports the device was killed when Intel dropped its low-end Atom range but that we may see the idea resurrected with the much vaunted Surface Phone. Do our reader think the time has come to go back to this idea? Let us know below. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source Thurrott Related intel windows 10 phone Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
< November 2016 Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30       Categories / (3)   tech/ (3) Steinar H. Gunderson Sat, 05 Nov 2016 - Multithreaded OpenGL Multithreading continues to be hard (although the alternatives are not really a lot better). While debugging a user issue in Nageru, I found and fixed a few races (mostly harmless in practice, though) in my own code, but also two issues that I filed patches for in Mesa. But that's not enough, it seems; there are still issues that are too subtle for me to figure out on-the-fly. But at least with those patches, I can use interlaced video sources in Nageru on Intel GPUs without segfaulting pretty much immediately. My laptop's GPU isn't fast enough to actually run the YADIF interlacer realtime in 1080p60, though, but it's nice at least not take the program down. (These things are super-sensitive to timing, of course, which is probably why I didn't see them when developing the feature a year or so ago.) As usual, NVIDIA's proprietary drivers seem to be near-flawless in this regard. I'm starting to think maybe it's about massive amounts of QA resources. [21:11] | | Multithreaded OpenGL Steinar H. Gunderson <steinar+blog@gunderson.no>
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > Let's Go Black: ID Verification API Innovation at HBCU Hackathon Let's Go Black: ID Verification API Innovation at HBCU Hackathon Thursday, 27 October 2016 (3 weeks ago) TechConneXt 2016 - IDScan.net inks an API hackathon partnership with Black Enterprise. New Orleans, LA (PRWEB) October 27, 2016 Driving Innovation is a resounding theme of companies large and small in various verticals around the globe. Fall 2016, New Orleans based software company — IDScan.net — decided to inspire millennial college students at Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) to innovate by partnering with Black Enterprise as the exclusive Persona Verification Dev Box Partner of the BE Smart Hackathon sponsored by Toyota. October 9th through 11th, 40 students from 10 HBCUs arrived at the Black Enterprise TechConneXt Summit in Burlingame, CA (Silicon Valley) eager to receive their IDScan.net Web Service API keys to engulf their days and nights with developing and deploying a Minimum Value Product (MVP) based on this year’s theme, In-Vehicle Infotainment (IVI). Andrey Stanovnov, CTO of IDScan.net, stated, “IDScan.net is thrilled to provide their technology in the Driving Innovation Hackathon as it fosters growth and innovation in participants that will soon be our future leaders.” Participating schools included Alabama A&M University, Florida A&M University, Hampton University, Howard University, Johnson C. Smith University, Morehouse College, Morgan State University, North Carolina A&T State University, Southern University and A&M College, and Tuskegee University. Each school was tasked to innovate an iOS app within the Ionic Cloud framework and utilized required APIs provided, which included IDScan.net’s Web Service API. To build the verification component of the app, hackers used IDScan.net’s ID scanning Web Services API. One of the goals of the development was to provide a verification in the app that went beyond just entering a username and password. Participants utilized the ID scanning API to verify the identity of the driver by scanning their ID. Nathaniel J., Associate Tech Editor-Silicon Valley of Black Enterprise and Founder & Chief Digital Architect of VUEmega Technologies, states, “ID verification should not be an afterthought when creating various app innovations for end-users today. One of IDScan.net's goals is to build a trusted community of users that are verified. Because of this, IDScan.net is the best solution not only for this year's hackathon but also for companies that want to ensure a trusted community of users.” This year’s winner was Aggie++ from North Carolina A&T State University (NC A&T). NC A&T’s winning iOS IVI is Let’s Go Black. Let’s Go Black is an iOS application that helps discover a customized road trip adventure exploring Black history and culture, while supporting Black owned small businesses along the way. The app allows users to input parameters of the trip (i.e. theme, distance and starting location), then randomly generates a road trip with specially curated stops that are African American inspired attractions and landmarks. Additionally, the app alerts users when they are within the vicinity of Black owned small businesses, who are members of the Let’s Go Black platform. The 2016 BE Smart Hackathon, sponsored by Toyota was judged by industry leading experts from companies such as Intel and AT&T. About IDScan.net IDScan.net helps businesses flourish with ID scanning solutions that automate data capture, streamline visitor management, increase security and optimize efficiency. IDScan.net was the first company to market for mobile ID scanning solutions and continues to deliver cutting-edge technology. For more information, please visit http://www.idscan.net. About Black Enterprise: Black Enterprise, your ultimate source to build Wealth for Life, is the premier business, investing, and wealth-building resource for African Americans. Since 1970, BE has provided essential business information and advice to professionals, corporate executives, entrepreneurs, and decision makers. Every month, Black Enterprise magazine provides 6 million readers with information on entrepreneurship, careers, and financial management. A multimedia company, BE also produces television programming, business and lifestyle events, Web content, and digital media. Visit http://www.blackenterprise.com for more information. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases HIPAA SECURITY & Privacy Official - Roles and Responsibilities Seminar (Philadelphia, PA, United States - January 5th-6th, 2017) - Research and Markets RiskSense CEO to Explain Role of ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE in Cyber Security at Jeffries Group Summit Dallas to Host Biggest Franchise Expo in the Southern UNITED STATES Children’s Hospital LOS ANGELES Announces Third Annual ‘Live L.A. Give L.A.’ Fundraising Campaign 10 Oregon High Schools Launch FUTURE YOU: Nike School Innovation Fund Initiative Designed to Fuel Innovation in Education, and Inspire STUDENTS to Create Their Futures UC SAN FRANCISCO and GE Healthcare Launch Deep Learning Partnership to Advance Care Globally Robbins Arroyo LLP: Acquisition of HARMAN INTERNATIONAL INDUSTRIES, Incorporated (HAR) by Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (005930) May Not Be in Shareholders' Best Interests Energy Transfer Partners and Sunoco Logistics Partners Seek Federal Court Intervention to Stop Political Interference in Order to Complete the DAKOTA ACCESS PIPELINE Pfizer Announces Results from Phase 3 OPAL Clinical Development Program Investigating XELJANZ® (Tofacitinib Citrate) for PSORIATIC ARTHRITIS Barnes & Noble Education Announces Fiscal 2017 Second Quarter Earnings RELEASE DATE and Conference Call Webcast Twitter Facebook Page People James R. Winchester Donald Trump Michelle Obama Nicolas Sarkozy Barack Obama Current Topics Indonesia Therapy Post Election Jake Harris Ivanka Trump Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories MOVIE REVIEW: The Accountant Is Photo Messaging a Dying Trend? Instagram Working On Video Content MOVIE REVIEW: Arrival Ronald McDonald Retired: But Will He Return? Is There Still a Chance Brexit Will Be Blocked? Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Politics Reminder: That selfie you want to take in the voting booth could be illegal Just ask Justin Timberlake. by Peter Kafka Nov 5, 2016, 10:11am EDT tweet share Linkedin Bryan Bedder / Getty Images for Macy's You have a phone. And you use the internet. So there are decent odds that you want to take a picture of yourself voting on Tuesday. Which is totally cool! Just be aware that you may be breaking the law. About half the states in the country have rules prohibiting ballot selfies or other acts involving cameras in voting booths. That includes New York, where a federal judge kept the selfie ban in place this week, and California, where ballot selfies will become legal in 2017 but are still banned for this election. New Hampshire is fine with it, though. NBC has a handy chart that breaks this stuff down, state by state. The history of selfie and ballot photo bans is pretty interesting — a lot of the rules have to do with attempts to prevent vote buying and voter intimidation. But, as many people have argued — including Snapchat’s lawyers, in a friend of the court brief — there’s no evidence that those bans do any good. And there’s a common-sense argument that taking a picture of yourself voting is a good thing, and should be protected as free speech. The good news is that there’s very little record of people being prosecuted for this stuff. If Justin Timberlake got away with it, you’re probably going to be okay, too. Instagram via CNN.com recode_divider In this Storystream Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump: Presidential election 2016 Donald Trump says his tweeting as president will be ‘very restrained,’ even as he trolls the New York Times today Reminder: That selfie you want to take in the voting booth could be illegal On Twitter, Trump bots are out-tweeting Clinton bots 7 to 1 View all 43 stories More From Recode LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees Where we choose to work is a big deal, office designers Yves Behar and Ryan Mullenix say Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime LinkedIn’s CEO says more than five million jobs will be lost to new tech by 2020 Dropbox is all in on collaborative work, COO Dennis Woodside says TaskRabbit is generating operating income in every city it’s in Trending Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime No satire: The stars of HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ say they got ‘cucked’ in an LA bar Philz Coffee can’t pay baristas $25 an hour, but it can help make their lives better More in Trending This Article has a component height of 12. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Social LinkedIn Education LinkedIn’s CEO says the U.S. cares too much about four-year college degrees by Kurt Wagner Skills, not diplomas, need to be valued more, says Jeff Weiner. Code Enterprise Enterprise Where we choose to work is a big deal, office designers Yves Behar and Ryan Mullenix say by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ “Stress is a lack of control, in its simplest definition. We want to keep stress in these work environments down.” Code Enterprise Google Google’s Diane Greene says the singularity won’t arrive in her sentient lifetime by April Glaser Three out of four Google robots disagreed. Code Enterprise LinkedIn’s CEO says more than five million jobs will be lost to new tech by 2020 by Meghann Farnsworth Jeff Weiner quoted a stat from the World Economic Forum. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › world › africa australia cities development UK europe americas asia middle east home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Africa Guardian Africa network 'Employ women and don't be afraid to make money': tech's future in Africa Entrepreneurs from around the world gather for a three-day conference looking at how the continent can get creative with the internet A mobile phone is charged using M-Kopa solar technology in Kenya. Photograph: Waldo Swiegers/Bloomberg/Getty Images Maeve Shearlaw in Marrakech @maeveshearlaw Saturday 5 November 2016 10.52 EDT Last modified on Monday 7 November 2016 12.40 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger What is the future of the internet in Africa? How can tech save lives, educate and light homes, in communities where schools and energy suppliers are failing? For the past three days young innovators, entrepreneurs and blockchain experts convened at the inaugural Africa 4 Tech summit to discuss these questions. Here’s what we learned. Silicon Valley took time to find its roots – African tech hubs will too Silicon Valley, which had input from institutions including Nasa and Stanford University, took time to find its feet, and Africa’s tech sector will too. This is still a nascent space; one with 54 countries that all have “slightly different DNA”according to Juliana Rotich, the co-founder of Ushahidi and the iHub tech space in Nairobi, Kenya. “Of course entrepreneurship is entrepreneurship and we can learn a lot from Silicon Valley, but this is a very different environment ... in Kenya we only got the internet six years ago,” she adds. A day in the digital life of Africa Read more Not all tech start-ups have to save lives, making money is OK too There are tech companies that have a positive impact on the world – companies that save lives and fight climate change – but that’s not the only story, says Rotich. “If you have a start-up that creates money and creates jobs, that is also something to be celebrated.” There is a school of thought that argues that Africa needs business, not aid, to prosper. Perhaps the same logic should be applied to the tech sector. Disruption in Africa is the opposite to disruption in the west Africa is fertile ground for tech disruption, but there’s a fundamental difference to how this happens in the west, where technology attempts to bypass existing systems. In Africa many of these systems don’t exist, so it’s about creating solutions for things like installing formal economies, says Stéphan Eloïse Gras, founder of Africa 4 Tech. Gras cites Uber as the best example of this. In the west the company is said to be disruptive because it provides a taxi service by connecting drivers with passengers without owning any cars – a system heavily criticised for neglecting workers’ rights. But Uber in Lagos actually formalises the economy, giving drivers a way to register their cars, a standardised way to collect money and the ability to track the journeys they’ve been on. “A trend we should all pay attention to,” says Gras. Facebook was a solution to Mark Zuckerberg’s immediate needs, African tech start-ups should adopt the same approach Mark Zuckerberg’s $51.3bn fortune and almost guaranteed audience with any global leader came from one wish: to find out more about the personal status of his classmates at Harvard University. By 2005 “The Facebook” was Facebook.com; 10 years later it was being used by one in seven people worldwide. The lesson for African entrepreneurs is to look for the solutions close to home before thinking about scale. Africa 4 Tech (@Africa4Tech) Have you heard of Sam Kodo (#Togo) ? Meet him and 39 african innovators at our #event in #Marrakesh Nov 2 - 4 #edtech #smartbag #mwfcon16 pic.twitter.com/8sA4U7zuzB October 17, 2016 Sam Kodo, a young innovator at the conference, is one of many doing this. He created a low cost laptop for school children in rural Toga in the shape of a bag, with a screen on one side and a solar panel on the other to charge the device. At $150 (£120) it’s more affordable than tablets, which cost about $300, and while most of his customers are in his country, he has already sold 500 machines to the US. Africa's most innovative – and controversial – tech hacks Read more Employ more women and you’ll make more money According to Intel, closing the gap between the number women and men who run tech companies could add $430-$530bn to the global economy. And in Africa, “it’s important for women to be part of the story from the very beginning”, says Rotich, who encourages all new African start-ups to include women as co-founders. Not only does the data show that you will be more successful, at least half of your customers will be women. “And if you try to add them later it won’t necessarily work.” Education is choking Africa’s creative talent before it has a chance to develop From primary school to university, Africa’s education system is missing opportunities to spot and nurture entrepreneurial talent, say experts in the technology education sector. TRUE AFRICA (@_TRUEAfrica) 'If there's a problem with education in Africa, it's due to the government.' @kwame42 from Ecole 42 tells it how it is #edtech #A4T November 3, 2016 “Even if you have an idea, you don’t know where to go with it,” says young innovator Larissa Uwase, who recently set up a company creating new food products from the sweet potato, a staple crop in Rwanda. Africa’s budding entrepreneurs often have to rely on after-school clubs for coding, applying for specific mentoring schemes or, in the case of Kodo, start teaching themselves robotics aged eight. But young Africans still want to be next Bill Gates or Steve Jobs There might not be enough support in the tech sector, but young people still dream of creating the next big thing. “People used to want to be musicians or football players, but now we are in the trend of technology, students are inspired by innovation,” says Kodo. In Rwanda there are a lot of ideas but “support with implementation is the problem”, according to Uwase, who adds that 60% of the start-ups in her country fail due to a lack of support or investment. Only 20 people in the world truly understand blockchain – but it could be the solution to light up Africa ENGIE Innovation (@innovbyENGIE) #BlockChain in #energy @LO3energy #minigrid #A4T pic.twitter.com/ob0uZ3SjGs November 4, 2016 According to Rick Dudley, there are only about 20 people like him: people who truly understand how blockchain works and what it can be used to do. The technology behind the digital currency bitcoin creates digital property without the need for a central authority. It is currently being used to run the payment system for a micro energy grid in Brooklyn, New York, where a handful of houses create electricity with solar panels and sell it to their neighbours, bypassing the national power grid. In sub-Saharan Africa, where 20m households live off-grid, the possibilities of a such a bottom-up approach are endless. More blogposts Topics Africa Silicon Valley Kenya Togo Bitcoin Uber Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world selected opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world selected UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video World › Africa Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE You Need to See This Weekend's Best Amazon Deals Share Smart Shopping Team filed under: shopping Image credit:  iStock / Amazon Like us on Facebook As a recurring feature, our team combs the Web and shares some amazing Amazon deals we’ve turned up. Here’s what caught our eye today, November 5. Mental Floss has affiliate relationships with certain retailers, including Amazon, and may receive a small percentage of any sale. But we only get commission on items you buy and don’t return, so we’re only happy if you’re happy. Good luck deal hunting! GADGETS MARATHON CL030023 Travel Alarm Clock with Calendar & Temperature - Battery Included for $16.95 (list price $24.95) NMPB S2 Bluetooth Headphones Wireless Headset Noise Cancelling Sweatproof Earbuds with Mic-Black for $18.99 (list price $99.00) ThorFire PF01 Tactical LED Flashlight Pen Light LED 0.5-100LM Mini EDC Pocket Torch for $11.99 (list price $39.00) Mpow Selfie Stick, iSnap X Extendable Tripod with built-in Bluetooth Remote Shutter for iPhone 6/ 6s, Android & iOS Smartphones for $11.99 (list price $17.99) AUKEY 30W 2-Port USB Car Charger with Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 Technology & AiPower Adaptive Charging Technology; Includes a 3.3ft Quick Charge Micro USB Cable - Black for $9.99 (list price $15.99) Honstek K8 Bluetooth Wireless Speaker with Touch Control, 3.5mm Audio Port for Computer, FM Radio, TF Card, 10W Output Power, Built-in Mic for Hands-Free Calling, 8 Hours Playtime (Black) for $35.99 (list price $120.00) Anker PowerLine Micro USB (10ft) - Charging Cable, with Aramid Fiber and 10000+ Bend Lifespan for Samsung, Nexus, LG, Motorola, Android Smartphones and More (Gray) for $6.99 (list price $29.99) Sharkk Aluminum Wallet RFID Protected Aluma Wallet Rugged Water Resistant Wallet and Card Holder - Gray for $17.99 (list price $29.99) RAVPower 60W 12A 6-Port USB Charger Desktop Charging Station with iSmart Technology (Black) for $21.99 (list price $39.99) TREBLAB XR500 Bluetooth Headphones, Noise Cancelling Wireless Earbuds, Waterproof Sports Running Earphones, Secure-Fit Headset w/ Mic for $49.77 (list price $179.99) HooToo 3D VR Headset with Magnetic Trigger, Lightweight Virtual Reality Goggles - 3rd Generation VR Box (VR Glasses - No External Remote Needed) for $19.99 (list price $49.99) Ugreen 3.5mm Audio Stereo Y Splitter Cable 3.5mm Male to 2 Port 3.5mm Female for Earphone and Headset Splitter Adapter, Compatible for iPhone, Samsung, LG Smartphones, Tablets, MP3 players, Metal Housing, Black for $5.99 (list price $9.99) AmazonBasics Bluetooth 4.0 Audio Receiver for $17.37 (list price $20.00) Panasonic BK-3MCCA12BA eneloop AA 2100 Cycle Ni-MH Pre-Charged Rechargeable Batteries (Pack 12) for $29.99 (list price $39.99) Vomercy USB Wall Charger 4-port USB Charger High Speed Charger Cell Phone Charger with Folding Plug White for $14.99 (list price $19.99) Garmin Nuvi 57LM GPS Navigator System with Spoken Turn-By-Turn Directions, Lifetime Map Updates, Direct Access, and Speed Limit Displays for $97.44 (list price $149.99) Samsung EVO 32GB Class 10 Micro SDHC Card with Adapter (MB-MP32DA/AM) for $9.99 (list price $37.99) OMOTON iPhone 7 Plus Screen Protector [2 Pack]- [9H Hardness] [Crystal Clear] [Bubble Free] [3D Touch Compatible] Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7 Plus for $7.99 (list price $13.99) SanDisk Cruzer Blade CZ50 16GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive, Frustration-Free Packaging- SDCZ50-016G-AFFP for $4.99 (list price $10.99) iPhone 7 Case, i-Blason ArmorBox Daul Layer [Full body] [Heavy Duty Protection ] Shock Reduction / Bumper Case with built in Screen Protector for Apple iPhone 7 2016 Release (Black) for $15.29 (list price $17.99) Anker Dashboard Cell Phone Mount, Windshield Car Mount, Phone Holder for iPhone 7/7 plus/6/6s/6 Plus/6s Plus, Samsung S6/edge/S7/S7 edge, Note 7/5, LG G5, Nexus 5X/6/6P, HTC and Other Smartphones for $15.99 (list price $23.99) iPhone 7 Plus Case, Vena [vCommute] Wallet Flip Leather Back [Card Slot Holder][Smart Cover KickStand] Heavy Duty Cover for Apple iPhone 7 Plus 5.5" (2016) for $18.99 (list price $29.99) Bulova Men's 96B175 Precisionist Stainless Steel Watch for $382.95 (list price $825.00) TaoTronics Bluetooth Shutter Selfie Stick with Tripod for IOS and Android Smartphone for $14.99 (list price $21.99) Casio F91W-1 Classic Resin Strap Digital Sport Watch for $9.78 (list price $18.95) TAG Heuer Men's WAZ1110.BA0875 Stainless Steel Watch for $865.31 (list price $1,011.00) KITCHEN Presto 04830 PowerPop Microwave Multi-Popper, Black for $11.61 (list price $24.99) Oster CKSTSKFM05 16-Inch Electric Skillet, Black and Stainless Steel for $16.02 (list price $49.99) Spectrum Diversified 53677 Ashley Cookie Sheet Organizer, Cutting Board Holder, Bakeware Organizer, Over-the-cabinet, Satin Nickel for $5.35 (list price $14.99) Lifefactory 16-Ounce BPA-Free Glass Water Bottle with Flip Cap & Silicone Sleeve, Midnight Blue for $16.94 (list price $22.99) Paula Deen Signature Porcelain Nonstick 15-Piece Cookware Set, Pear Speckle for $80.77 (list price $180.00) Kate Aspen 13009NA Whisked Away Heart Whisk for $2.59 (list price $4.99) Mr. Coffee 12-Cup Optimal Brew Thermal Coffeemaker with Water Filtration, SCTX95 for $55.31 (list price $149.99) Surpahs 5L Non-Slip Salad Spinner for $25.98 (list price $29.99) Duraflame 2444 Firestart Firelighters, 24-Pack for $20.30 (list price $21.91) BlenderBottle SportMixer Tritan Grip Shaker Bottle, Green/White, 28-Ounce for $8.37 (list price $14.99) Sertodo Moscow Mule Mug set of 4, Hammered Copper, 18 fluid ounces for $110.55 (list price $140.00) Top Rated Bellemain Burr Coffee Grinder with 17 Settings for Drip, Percolator, Steam or Pump Espresso, French Press and Turkish Coffee Makers for $39.95 (list price $99.95) Lodge L8DD3 Cast Iron Double Dutch Oven, 5-Quart for $37.96 (list price $64.00) Lodge ASHH11 Silicone Hot Handle Holder, Black for $4.49 (list price $8.00) Chef'n Strawberry Slicester Hand-Held Strawberry Slicer for $14.45 (list price $14.99) Copper Chef Square Fry Pan with Lid, 9.5 inch for $37.97  Insulated Beer Mug - Keeps Beer Ice Cold! Perfect Gift for Beer Lovers - Double Wall Stainless Steel 17oz (1, Stainless Steel) for $17.97 (list price $24.99) Amco Rub Away Bar for $7.50 (list price $25.99) Cook N Home Micro Perforated Colander with Handle and Solid Base, 5 quart, Stainless Steel for $8.95 (list price $19.99) Estaly Stackable Cactus Plant Mugs Set for Coffee or Tea. Cute Southwestern Decor for $24.95 (list price $29.95) Schefs Premium Tea Infuser - Stainless Steel - Single Cup - Perfect Strainer for Loose Leaf Tea for $8.97 (list price $12.99) Pure Komachi 2 Series Bread Knife for $10.42 (list price $15.00) FARMcurious Mason Jar Mold Free Fermenting Kit, Grey, 2 Pack for $25.95 (list price $29.95) Marble Rolling Pin and Base, White for $16.74 Norpro Butter Spreader for $1.98 (list price $2.39) Cook N Home NC-00335 Stainless Steel Canning Pot/Stockpot for $39.99 (list price $69.99) French Coffee Press (3-Piece-Black) - 34 oz, Espresso and Tea Maker with Triple Filters, Stainless Steel Plunger and Heat Resistant Glass - By Utopia Kitchen for $11.99 (list price $31.99) Marquis by Waterford Vintage Full Body Red Wine Glasses, Set of 4 for $36.40 (list price $49.00) Chef Craft 10231 1-Piece Stainless Steel Slotted Spoon, 13-Inch for $4.90 (list price $6.99) Zojirushi SM-SA60-BA Stainless Steel Mug, 20-Ounce, Black for $27.99 (list price $44.99) Utopia Kitchen Pre Seasoned Cast Iron Dutch Oven with Dual Handle and Cover Casserole Dish, 5 Quart for $26.99 (list price $79.99) The Original GORILLA GRIP Non-Slip Reversible Cutting Board, BPA Free, FDA Approved Materials (Set of 3 Boards: Black) for $15.99 (list price $39.99) HOME Eureka Mighty Mite DELUXE Canister Vacuum, 3671A - Corded for $54.62 (list price $89.99) Solar Lighted Address Plaque - Address Sign For Your Home - Allow Emergency Responders, Delivery Drivers , and Visitors to find your home qucikly for $19.95 (list price $29.95) Libman Tornado Mop for $17.89 (list price $26.64) Closet Complete Wood Suit Hanger with Pant/Skirt Clips, Natural, Set of 5 for $2.62 Hoover WindTunnel 2 Rewind Bagless Upright, UH70821PC - Corded for $83.65 (list price $129.99) Milliard 2-Inch Queen Gel Infused Memory Foam Mattress Topper with Ultra Soft Removable Cover and Non-Slip Bottom for $103.99 (list price $119.99) Malden International Designs Matted Linear Classic Wood Picture Frame, Holds 4x6 Photo, 9 Option, Black for $13.55 (list price $31.99) Pinzon Velvet Plush Blanket - King, Sand for $17.19 (list price $29.99) Pro Breeze Electric Dehumidifier, 1100 Cubic Feet, Compact and Portable for Damp Air, Mold, Moisture in Home, Kitchen, Bedroom, Basement, Caravan, Office, Garage for $47.99 (list price $79.00) Pinzon Heavyweight Flannel Sheet Set - Queen, Graphite for $64.99  Umbra Coretto 1/2-Inch Tension Drapery Rod for Window, 54 to 90-Inch, Black for $19.92 (list price $30.00) Pillow Perfect Indoor/Outdoor Forsyth Corded Rectangular Throw Pillow, Taupe, Set of 2 for $22.99 (list price $39.99) Creative Co-Op Rust Round Metal Framed Mirror with Chain, Medium for $19.58 (list price $25.20) Norpro 48-Inch Lambswool Duster for $16.24 (list price $21.99) Pinzon 400-Thread-Count Pleated Hem Egyptian Cotton Duvet Set - King, Cloud for $33.41 (list price $69.99) Hunter 90438 16" RETRO Stand Fan with Brushed Nickel Finish for $90.99 (list price $109.99) Rowenta DW9280 Steam Force 1800-Watt Professional Digital LED Display Iron with Stainless Steel Soleplate, 400-Hole, Blue for $122.00 (list price $199.99) Vornado 660 Whole Room Air Circulator for $75.01 (list price $98.98) DampRid FG50T Hi-Capacity Moisture Absorber, 4-Pound Tub for $9.53 (list price $10.99) Yankee Candle Pink Sands Medium Perfect Pillar Candle, Fresh Scent for $15.31 (list price $19.99) Wool Dryer Balls by Pure Homemaker, 6 Pack XL 100% Pure Organic, Non-Toxic Wool,Reusable, X-tra Large. Reduces Drying Time and Chemical Free. Natural Fabric Softener for $13.95 (list price $28.99) Strongest Mildew Resistant Shower Curtain on the Market-100% Anti-Bacterial 10 Gauge Heavy Duty Liner-Waterproof-72x72 Inches-Clear for $13.95 (list price $19.95) Sunbeam Microplush Heated Blanket with ComfortTech Controller, Queen, Slate for $64.01 (list price $89.99) Sauder Beginnings End Table, Cinnamon Cherry for $15.67 (list price $29.99) DII Breathable, Under the Bed or Closet Soft Storage Bag with Clear Viewing Window & Zipper Closure for Clothing, Linens, & Shoes (Blanket Size - 24 x 18 x 12") Damask - Set of 2 for $12.10 (list price $13.99) DHP Emily Convertible Futon,Vanilla for $183.28 (list price $338.99) 1 X Black Metal Walnut Wood Hall Tree Coat Hat Rack for $36.25 (list price $112.99) HEALTH AND BEAUTY Pantene Curl Perfection Sculpting Gel 6.8 oz (Pack of 3) for $8.38 after on-screen coupon (list price $17.97) Mrs. Meyers Liquid Hand Soap Refill, Basil Scent, 33 Oz. for $11.44  Philips Norelco Multigroom Series 3100, 5 attachments, QG3330 for $16.95 (list price $19.99) BIO IONIC Silver Classic Nanoionic Conditioning Brush, X-Large, 0.3 lb. for $24.50 (list price $35.00) Slant Tweezers - TweezerGuru Professional Stainless Steel Slant Tip Tweezer - The Best Precision Eyebrow Tweezers For Your Daily Beauty Routine! for $7.97 (list price $12.99) Thayers Witch Hazel Alcohol-Free Rose w/Aloe Vera 12 oz for $9.49 (list price $9.95) Neutrogena Twin Pack Oil Free Cleansing Wipes, Pink Grapefruit for $11.86 (list price $13.50) Conair Fog Free LED Lighted Mirror for $17.50 after instant coupon (list price $24.99) Nizoral Anti-Dandruff Shampoo, 4 oz. for $5.83 after on-screen coupon (list price $11.94) Neutrogena T/Gel Therapeutic Shampoo Original Formula, 16 Fl. Oz for $13.99 (list price $16.39) Conair Compact Hairsetter, Colors May Vary for $16.00 after instant coupon (list price $24.99) Skintimate Moisturizing Shave Gel Sensitive Skin 7 oz. for $2.97  Olay Ultra Moisture Moisturizing Body Wash with Shea Butter 23.6 Oz for $3.97 after on-screen coupon (list price $6.49) Neutrogena Eye Makeup Remover Large Plush Pads, Extra Gentle, 30 Count (Pack of 2) for $11.62 (list price $14.38) Neutrogena Revitalizing Lip Balm, Fresh Plum 60, 0.15 Ounce for $6.97 (list price $8.99) Neutrogena Triple Moisture Silk Touch Leave-In Cream, 6 Ounce (Pack of 3) for $16.92 (list price $23.07) Dove go fresh Anti-Perspirant Deodorant, Cool Essentials 2.6 oz for $3.49 (list price $7.92) Art Naturals Bath Bombs Gift Set - 6 Ultra Lush Essential Oil Handmade Spa Bomb Fizzies - Organic & Natural Ingredients & Shea Butter for $14.95 (list price $29.95) Philips Norelco 1150X/46 Shaver 6100 for $69.99 (list price $99.99) Flonase Allergy Relief Nasal Spray, 120 Count for $19.62 (list price $27.13) Viviscal Extra Strength Hair Nutrient Tablets, 60-Tablets (Packaging May Vary) for $28.42 (list price $60.00) PURA D'OR Anti-Hair Loss Premium Organic Argan Oil Shampoo (Gold Label), 16 Fluid Ounce for $32.44 (list price $39.00) Clean & Clear Oil Absorbing Sheets, 50 Count for $4.47 (list price $10.09) Tinkle Eyebrow Razor Pack of 6 for $6.07 (list price $13.95) 100% Natural Arabica Coffee Scrub 12 oz. with Organic Coffee, Coconut and Shea Butter for $14.50 (list price $69.95) St. Ives Naturally Clear Blemish and Blackhead Control Scrub, Apricot, 6 Ounce for $3.66 (list price $4.99) Cetaphil Gentle Skin Cleanser, For all skin types, 16-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 2) for $18.78 (list price $27.98) Gillette Clear Gel Cool Wave Antiperspirant and Deodorant 2 count 3.8 oz for $6.04 (list price $8.99) Carmex Lip Balm Tubes .35 oz(Pack of 12) for $14.29 OFFICE, SCHOOL, AND CRAFTS Mid-Back Black Leather Swivel Task Chair with Nylon Arms for $47.26 (list price $109.99) LAMPAT Dimmable LED Desk Lamp, Black for $25.99 (list price $139.99) Origami RDE-01 Computer Desk for $109.99 (list price $149.99) Clover 3160 Darning Needles with Latch Hook, Eye, 2-Piece for $4.43 (list price $6.50) Uni-Ball Jetstream BLX Retractable Ball Point Pens, Bold Point, Assorted Colored Ink, 5-Count for $10.54 (list price $18.24) VIZ-PRO Light Magnetic Four Legs Stand Whiteboard/Flipchart Easel,36" W x 48" L for $66.90 (list price $78.90) 3M Tool Free Installation Knob Adjust Keyboard Tray, Standard Platform, Gel Wrist Rest, Precise Mouse Pad, Black for $124.95 (list price $259.00) BIC Round Stic Grip Xtra Comfort Ball Pen, Medium Point (1.2 mm), Black and Blue Ink, 36-Count for $5.99 (list price $11.88) Singer DF251 Adjustable Dress Form, Medium/Large for $80.45 (list price $229.99) EXPO Low-Odor Dry Erase Set, Fine Point, Assorted Colors, 7-Piece with Cleaner for $5.94 (list price $9.39) U Brands Paper Clips, Medium 1-1/8-Inch and Large 2-Inch Sizes, Assorted Colors, 450-Count for $5.29 Uni-Ball Jetstream Retractable Ball Point Pens, Bold Point, Black Ink, 12-Count for $16.95 (list price $45.72) Sharpie Flip Chart Markers, Bullet Tip, Assorted Colors, 8-Count for $5.09 (list price $12.50) Parker Jotter Retractable Ballpoint Pen, Medium, Stainless Steel with barrel, Colors May Vary (78033) for $6.99  Sharpie Fine-Point Permanent Markers, 5-Pack Limited-Edition Colored Markers (30631) for $5.16 (list price $6.39) Swingline Paper Shredder, 12 Sheets, Super Cross-Cut, Junk Mail, 1 User, Personal, Duo, Red (1757384AZRD) for $49.99 (list price $69.99) Marigold 9" Pouch Thermal Laminator 2-Roller Laminating Machine (LM905) for $18.41 (list price $26.60) Obihai OBi1022 IP Phone with Power Supply - Up to 10 Lines - Support for Google Voice and SIP-Based Services for $118.99 (list price $299.99) Sharpie Sharpie 12 Clear View Chisel Tip Highlighters, Green (1897850) for $16.82 (list price $29.40) Glitter Gel Pens by Color Technik, Set of 30 Glitter Pens, Best Assorted Colors, Now with More Ink for $13.95st price $29.99) Prismacolor Premier Double-Ended Art Markers, Fine and Brush Tip, 12-Count for $20.99 (list price $24.71) Bostitch Impulse 25 No-Jam Electric Stapler, Full-Strip, Black (02210) for $26.98 after on-screen coupon (list price $52.99) Brother XM2701 Lightweight, Full-Featured Sewing Machine with 27 Stitches, 1-Step Auto-Size Buttonholer, 6 Sewing Feet, and Instructional DVD for $99.97 (list price $170.00) Sharpie Brush Tip Permanent Markers, 8 Colored Markers (1810703) for $9.85 (list price $18.37) OUTDOORS, GARDEN, AND SPORTS Coleman Sundome 2-Person Tent for $39.20 (list price $63.99) Weber 10020 Smokey Joe 14-Inch Portable Grill for $29.99 (list price $39.99) Fire & Flavor John Wayne Briquette Charcoal for $12.99 The Gas Grill Splatter Mat, 48-inch for $17.99 (list price $24.79) Famili OT008 Wireless Remote Digital Kitchen Food Meat Cooking Electronic Thermometer Dual Probe for BBQ, Oven, Grill, and Smoker with Timer/Alarm for $49.99 (list price $69.98) Picnic Time Zuma Insulated Cooler Backpack, Black for $29.96 (list price $33.95) Redmon Green Culture 65-Gallon Compost Bin for $53.69 (list price $64.99) SWITCHEDGE 14 in one Crimson Pocket Knife, Red for $19.95 (list price $49.95) Unco Industries Wiggle Worm Soil Builder Earthworm Castings Organic Fertilizer, 15-Pound for $15.37 (list price $17.99) Bugaurd Photocatalyst Mosquito, Fly & Wasp Trap, Indoor Mosquito Magnet, Flying Insect Killer, Catch and Eliminate Pests Zapper for $29.99 (list price $99.99) Cravegreens Pest Control Ultrasonic Repellent - Electronic Plug-In Repeller for Insects for $18.99 (list price $25.99) Infuser Water Bottle Leak Proof Flip-top Sport Water Bottle BPA-Free Tritan 25 Oz (Blue) for $9.95 (list price $35.95) Coleman Deluxe PerfectFlow Lantern for $24.99 (list price $39.99) Wagner's 62059 Greatest Variety Blend, 16-Pound Bag for $19.98 (list price $24.99) Kershaw Ken Onion Leek Folding Knife with Speed Safe for $39.41 Curious Cat Cube, Cat House / Cat Condo for $23.19 (list price $44.99) Coleman Water Carrier (5-Gallon, Blue) for $9.00 (list price $18.99) Snugpak Jungle Blanket, Olive for $24.50 (list price $49.00) Kate Aspen Luminous Mini Lanterns for $3.99 (list price $8.18) Solar-Powered LED Garden Lights, 'Lifetime replacement Guarantee', Perfect Neutral Design; Makes Garden Pathways & Flower Beds Look Great; Easy NO-WIRE Installation; All-Weather/Water-Resistant. for $32.99 (list price $59.99) ELECTRONICS Surge Protector 3500J Poweradd 4-Outlet Universal Power Strip International Travel with Worldwide UK/AU/EU Adapters + 4 Smart USB Ports - Black for $19.99 (list price $49.99) [Upgraded Version] 6D 2.4G Wireless Vertical Ergonomic Optical Mouse, 800 / 1200 /1600DPI, 6 Buttons - Black for $15.99 (list price $60.99) HP Notebook 15-ay011nr 15.6-Inch Laptop (6th Gen Intel Core i5-6200U Processor, 8GB DDR3L SDRAM, 1TB HDD, Windows 10), Silver for $459.99 (list price $559.99) TP-Link AC1200 Gigabit Wireless Wi-Fi Router (Archer C1200) for $79.99 (list price $94.99) Seagate Backup Plus Hub 8TB External Desktop Hard Drive Storage STEL8000100 for $229.99 (list price $249.99) Avantree Bluetooth Adapter 4.0 USB Dongle for PC with Windows 10, 8, 7, XP, Vista, PLUG & PLAY or IVT Driver, Support BT Headphones, Speakers, Mouse for $12.95 (list price $14.99) Samsung BD-JM51 Refurbished Blu-Ray Player with Wired Streaming for $35.99 (list price $39.99) Roku Streaming Stick (3600R) (2016 Model) for $39.99 (list price $49.99) Jensen JTA-230 3 Speed Stereo Turntable with Built in Speakers for $45.14 (list price $79.99) Belkin 3-Outlet SurgePlus Mini Travel Swivel Charger Surge Protector with Dual USB Ports (2.1 AMP / 10 Watt), BST300 for $19.50 (list price $29.99) SoundFit Plus Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker - Durable Portable Outdoor Wireless Sound System - Features Powerful Bass and Clear Treble - Hands-Free with Built-In Microphone - Dust and Shock Resistant for $32.99 (list price $79.95) Canon EOS Rebel T5 EF-S 18-55mm IS II Digital SLR Kit (Certified Refurbished) for $348.99 (list price $599.00) DBPOWER EX5000 14MP 2.0-Inch 1080P FHD Waterproof Wifi Action Camera with 2 Batteries and Accessories (Black) for $56.99 (list price $89.99) Rii RM400 LED Gaming Keyboard & Mouse Combo Bundle (7 Color Backlit) (rm400) for $29.75 (list price $39.99) TOOLS IRWIN Tools Combination Square, Metal-Body, 6-Inch (1794468) for $7.56 (list price $12.28) 1byone Easy Chime Plug-in Wireless Doorbell Operating at 500 feet, CD Quality Sound and LED Flash, 36 Melodies to Choose, White for $11.99 (list price $20.99) Makita 9557PBX1 4-1/2-Inch Angle Grinder with Aluminum Case for $77.99 (list price $178.00) Bosch CLPK27-120 12-Volt Max Lithium-Ion 2-Tool Combo Kit (Drill/Driver and Impact Driver) with 2 Batteries, Charger and Case for $134.00 after instant discount at checkout (list price $169.71) IRWIN HANSON BOLT-GRIP Bolt Extractor Base Set, 5 Piece, 394001 for $16.56 (list price $19.98) Duck Brand 281506 Indoor 10-Window Shrink Film Insulator Kit, 62-Inch x 420-Inch for $10.94 (list price $20.31) Duck Brand 282433 Heavy-Duty Self Adhesive Rubber Weatherstrip Seal for Large Gap, 3/8-Inch x 1/4-Inch x 17-Feet, 1 Seal for $4.88 (list price $6.84) Duck Brand 284428 Double Draft Complete Door Seal Set, 2-Count for $12.88 (list price $25.99) Irwin 218HP300 12-Inch Combi-Saw with Wood Cutting and Hacksaw Blades for $8.08 (list price $16.73) AYL TF89 Bright 900 Lumens CREE XM-L2 LED Tactical Torch Flashlight, 5 Modes, Zoom Lens with Adjustable Focus for $9.99 (list price $49.99) Dremel MM40-05 Multi-Max 3.8-Amp Oscillating Tool Kit with Quick-Lock Accessory Change Interface and 36 Accessories for $127.99 (list price $129.99) IRWIN Tools MARATHON 2011201 15-inch ProTouch Coarse Cut Saw (2011201) for $11.92 (list price $27.56) Black & Decker BDCDD120C 20V MAX* Lithium Single Speed Drill/Driver for $49.99 (list price $116.58) Dewalt DCD771C2 20V MAX Cordless Lithium-Ion 1/2 inch Compact Drill Driver Kit for $99.00 (list price $149.99) Extech CB10 Circuit Breaker Finder locates fuses/breakers, tests receptacles and GFCI circuits for $24.00 (list price $74.99) Bosch PS22-02 12-volt Max Brushless Pocket Driver Kit with 2.0Ah Batteries, Charger and Case for $102.99 after instant discount at checkout (list price $268.00) Bosch PS10-2A 12-Volt Max Lithium-Ion Driver Kit for $100.00 after instant discount at checkout (list price $273.00) Makita 9237CX3 7-Inch Variable Speed Polisher-Sander with Polishing Kit for $194.00 after instant discount at checkout (list price $452.00) Transparent Adhesive Bumper Pads 82-Piece Combo Pack (Round, Spherical, Square) - Noise Dampening Clear Surface Savers for Cabinets, Small Furniture, Picture Frames, Cutting Boards and More for $8.97 (list price $14.00) Weller WSB25WB 25-Watt Short Barrel Woodburning Kit for $13.86 (list price $19.30) Streamlight 66121 Stylus Pro Pen Light with White LED and Holster, Silver for $14.46 after on-screen coupon (list price $34.00) WORKPRO W124003A 276-piece Rotary Tool Accessories Kit Universal Fitment for Easy Cutting, Carving and Polishing for $19.99 Frost King F4 Mortite Caulking Cord 9.5-ounce, 45-Foot Long, Grey for $7.22  More from mental_floss...  11 Insane Features of Normal Human Anatomy  12 Strange-But-Real Ice Cream Flavors  38 Wonderful Words With No English Equivalent  10 Houses Painted in Protest November 5, 2016 - 9:30am Amazon Product Id:  B00QQUEJZK Share View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss What Goes in the Empty Box? Can Members of the Electoral College Reverse the Results of a Presidential Election? The World's Countries Swapped According to Their Population POPULAR ON mental_floss Name the Category That Fits All Three Items 10 Natural Landmarks That No Longer Exist 8 Memorable Comics Screw-Ups POPULAR ON mental_floss Hayao Miyazaki Comes Out of Retirement to Direct His Final Feature 7 Morning Habits That Can Affect Your Entire Day A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Deleted Scenes That Explain Major Movie Plot Holes Literary Tights Display Classic Texts on Your Legs Look Up Tonight! The Super Beaver Moon Is Here POPULAR ON mental_floss 9 People You Should Tip, and How Much You Should Give Them 10 Fascinating Facts About Ravens Is This the Most Mysterious Grave in Virginia? POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Smart Facts About 'Idiocracy' 9 Handy Facts About the History of Handwriting Why Some Civil War Soldiers Glowed in the Dark NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.

About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / 2016 US – China Investment Summit Advanced Chinese Capital Going Global 2016 US – China Investment Summit Advanced Chinese Capital Going Global Posted on November 5, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Cardinal Pitch Club (CPC) and Stanford FARM welcomed the top industry elites and successfully held the international summit. New York, NY (PRWEB) November 05, 2016 “We’ve never seen such an advantageous position for Chinese investors,” said Bril Wang, President of the CPC. “Chinese buyers are taking over 23% of the global M&A. Industries that just became stable in the US are still emerging in China.” “The window of opportunities is still open, the question is whether and when it will close,” said Marcus Cole, professor of Stanford Law School. Forty five investor professionals joined panel discussions, fireside chats on topics of high return investment areas and risk control, future investment trends, and collaborative investment opportunities between the U.S. and China. In terms of highlights from the discussions – Carmen Chang from NEA, one of the most influential venture backers of Uber, shared her insider opinion of the Didi and Uber China merger. James Huang from KPCB looks ahead to further developments in the healthcare industry and the future of China-US cooperation in this field. Patrick Eggen from Qualcomm Ventures, Paulo Pereira from GE, and Tim Merel from Digi-Capital, also vigorously discussed topics including artificial intelligence (AI), virtual-enhanced hybrid reality (VR / AR / MR) and robotics. David Chao, cofounder of DCM predicts a strong relationship between investment trends and demographic distribution. Separately, famous Chinese angel investor Bob Xu gave an opening speech on “The fourth Startup Wave” along with Yihang Yang, Consulate General of the People's Republic of China in San Francisco, who discussed cross border investment growth between US and China; Letitia Chow, representative of Stanford FARM and Bril Wang, president of the CPC. Hans Tung from GGV Capital, Jonathan Qiu from Sky9 and Yong Liu from WI Harper shared their experience on investing in China during the past decade, including on e-commerce, mobile, O2O, fintech and AI. On the second day, Cameron Teitelman from Stanford StartX and Minglan Wang from Zhongguancun Development Group led a discussion on incubator difference between US and China. The conference also included enterprise investment, consumer investment and investment innovation discussions with industry experts like Aymerik Renard from Sandisk Ventures, Zhang Qian from ChinaAMC Fund, Sanjit Singh Dang from Intel Capital, Rashmi Gopinath from Microsoft Ventures, Robert Neivert from 500 Startups, Michael Cohen from SAIC, Michael Daugherty from AngelList, Ran Wang from Qihoo 360 and so on. “State-owned enterprises and public listed companies in China are taking advantage of the current exchange rate, allocating high-quality assets overseas and leveraging domestic growth based on China's huge market,” added Bril Wang, President of the CPC “It makes good sense since in 2016, currency issuance in China is expected to be 13%, and by the end of the year, China's total money supply (M2) will exceed the sum of the U.S. and the EU, reaching 23 trillion US dollars (calculated with current exchange rate). However, the SDR weight of RMB is 10.9% compare to USD 41.7% and EUR 30.9% starting Oct 2016. Current foreign exchange reserve of China is only $3.2 trillion USD. There aren’t enough recognized funds available for Chinese buyers. We do see, however, this condition will change in the long run.” About Cardinal Pitch Club (CPC) Cardinal Pitch Club (CPC) founded by Stanford affiliates in April, 2015, devotes to connecting our network startups with some of the Bay Area’s best recognized VCs. With growing requests from Chinese capital, CPC also helps our startups with exit opportunities like cross border M&A, share acquisition of Pre-IPO companies, e.g. Uber, Airbnb etc. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/10/prweb13794556.htm Latest News Flipbook Animation Software FlipHTML5 is Suitable for Interactive Content Publishing Konstantinos Kazinakis – United Bunkers Investors Corporation – Offers Guidelines for Successful Implementation of Shipping and Logistics Ad Age Recognizes BusinessOnline as One of the Best Places to Work 2016 Najib Babul – On the Accuracy of Pain Memory Julius Numavicius – On the Importance of Philanthropy Suprema to Unveil BioMini Slim 2, World’s Slimmest FAP20 Fingerprint Scanner at TRUSTECH 2016 Greenberg Traurig’s Environmental Practice Receives First-Tier Ranking in U.S. News – Best Lawyers 2017 ‘Best Law Firms’ Edition Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Greenberg Traurig’s Angel Taveras, Former Providence Mayor, to Speak about the “Politics of Public Sector Pensions” Cosmetic Town Relaunches Its Website with a New Design and New Features © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 3:37 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Order room service, from a robot (VIDEO) Saturday November 5, 2016 03:25 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Klinsman’s most depressing defeat as Team USA coach The Edit: When Nintendo’s Super Mario iPhone game comes out Denver is first US city to allow cannabis in bars, art galleries The Edit: Boston bombing victims tell their stories in ‘Marathon’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article SAN FRANCISCO, Nov 5 ― Relay is waist-high. It has mood lighting, touch screens, and chirps as it wheels along hotel hallways, delivering Cheetos, Kraft Mac and Cheese, and hairspray to guests. There are only a handful of Relays deployed in several Silicon Valley hotels right now. But Intel Corp, which invested in the robot's maker, Savioke Inc, thinks the future will be full of such helpers. Bloomberg's Ian King went to check out the Relay's delivery skills. ― Bloomberg Relay has mood lighting, touch screens, and chirps as it wheels along hotel hallways, delivering Cheetos, Kraft Mac and Cheese, and hairspray to guests. ― Bloomberg pic                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Robot boxing ― Enjoy this combat sports without a qualm (VIDEO) Scan and retouch your old analogue photos with Google’s new PhotoScan app Sony’s PS3 celebrates 10-year anniversary Tinder launches transgender-inclusive update, allowing users to select personalised gender identity (VIDEO) Twitter improves features to report and prevent online abuse Apple now sells refurbished iPhones Sony’s PS3 celebrates 10-year anniversary Facebook accidentally declares some users dead, including founder Zuckerberg Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg says fake news didn’t drive election (VIDEO) Robotic dinosaur replicas stomp in Tokyo hotel (VIDEO) Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump Reuters Video: Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Bloomberg Video: Robot fight club Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Market Research Hub Press Release Receive press releases from Market Research Hub: By Email RSS Feeds: Research Report Forecasts Steady Growth for SDN/NFV Market The report provides an analysis of telecom network evolution and transformation to a software-based infrastructure. Software Defined Networking (SDN) and Network Function Virtualization (NFV) Market is forecast to grow at 86% CAGR from being worth approx. USD 2 Billion in 2015 to USD 45 Billion+ in 2020. Albany, NY, November 05, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Market Research Hub (MRH) announces the addition of a new report to its database. The report, titled “The Global Market of SDN/NFV to Forecast- 2020” offers complete analysis on the SDN (Software Defined Networking) / NFV (Network Function Virtualization). This report presents visions on the global market of SDN / NFV and also in-depth research study, definition, application, forecast, prices, revenues and the global market growth rate of these networking architecture. Enquire For Free Sample Report: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=842374 SDN (Software defined networking) is a method to computer networking that permits network services through abstraction of lower-level functionally. NFV (Network functions virtualization) is a network design concept that uses the expertise of IT virtualization to virtualize entire programs of network node tasks into building blocks that may concert, or chain together, to create communication services. Both these technologies are widely used in IT and data-center industry, as they bring a lot of benefits to the telecommunications service provider organizations. Internet Service Provider and Mobile / Telecom operators have already begun making SDN and NFV investments in a large number of functional industries including CPE (Customer Premises Equipment), CDN (Content Delivery Network), IMS and transport networks etc. Mainly, both these technologies cover various verticals that have been defined in this report, including telecom and IT industry, government & defense, consumer goods & retail, energy & utilities, healthcare, and hospitality. The adoption of SDN and NFV technologies include the necessity for advanced and new network architecture, the rising demand for mobility, and network supervision of large networks, along with the managing the geographically spread network assets. The worldwide market for SDN / NFV architecture technologies has also been scrutinized and segmented by global regions, including Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America, Middle East and Africa. Both these technologies are set to redefine the networking architecture. Some of leading manufacturers, vendors and Innovators SDN and NFV technologies in the global market, it include ADVA, Affirmed Network, Aria Network, AT&T, Big Switch, Brocade, Canonical, Century Link, China Telecom, Ciena, Cisco, Digicel, Ericsson, Fortinet, Huawei, Intel, Juniper Networks, Manx Telecom, Metaswitch, Nokia, NTT, Orange, Perimata, Quanta, Red Hat, Samsung, Tail System, Telenor, Vodacom, Vodafone, ZTE. Read Full Report with TOC in a PDF Format: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/world-sdnnfv-market-report.html This report also includes analysis on market of SDN / NFV investment and it comes with the forecast from 2016 to 2020. In relations of the report, this includes the study of sales, supply and demand figures, price and gross margins and import/export consumption of SDN / NFV technologies. About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRH’s expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com Contact Information Market Research Hub James Smith 866-997-4948 Contact www.marketresearchhub.com/ 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Market Research Hub Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
null
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Redmi 4A, Huawei Mate 9, Samsung’s dual display flip phone and more This week, Xiaomi announced Redmi 4 and Redmi 4A, its two new smartphones in China. The Redmi 4 comes in two variants with a unibody metal design. The standard variant has a 5-inch HD 2.5D curved glass display, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 430 SoC and has 2GB of RAM. The high-end version has a 5-inch 1080p 2.5D curved glass display, is powered by an Octa-Core Snapdragon 625 SoC. Both these run on MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), packs a 13-megapixel rear camera with PDAF for 0.1 second focus, dual-tone LED flash, 5-megapixel front-facing camera, have a fingerprint sensor on the back, come with hybrid dual SIM support and packs a 4100mAh battery. Check full details and pricing here. The Xiaomi Redmi 4A is a budget 4G smartphone in the Redmi series along with the Redmi 4, but it doesn’t have a fingerprint sensor like the Redmi 4. It has a 5-inch HD display, is powered by a quad-core Snapdragon 425 processor and runs on MIUI 8 based on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). It has a 13-megapixel rear camera with PDAF, LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The Xiaomi Redmi 4A comes in comes in Gold and Rose Gold colors and is priced at 499 yuan (US$ 74 / Rs. 4930 approx.). It will go on sale in China starting from November 11th. The company also introduced Mi Air Purifier Pro , the third generation air purifier. It is slightly larger than the compact second-generation model, measuring just 260mm x 735mm, but claimed to be more powerful. It also has a new OLED display to accurate display real-time air quality and working conditions. It can also automatically adjust brightness to view clearly sen in the daytime. It can be used to purify air up to 60 square meters indoor area, compared to 37 square meters in the previous generation. The Mi Air Purifier Pro is priced at 1499 yuan (US$ 221 / Rs. 14,770 approx.). Huawei unveiled Mate 9, its latest flagship smartphone and a fitness watch Huawei Fit this week at an event in Germany. The Huawei Mate 9 packs a 5.9-inch 1080p display with 2.5D glass, is powered by an Octa-Core HiSilicon Kirin 960 SoC with IntelliSense i6 sensor hub and runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat) with Emotion UI 5.0 on top and Google DaydreamVR support. It has a second generation Leica dual-lens camera with 12-megapixel RGB sensor, 20-megapixel monochrome sensor and Hybrid Zoom, featuring 2x magnification, dual-tone LED flash, laser auto focus, optical image stabilization (OIS) and uses Huawei’s own ISP. It also an 8-megapixel front-facing camera. The Huawei Mate 9 is priced at 699 Euros (Rs. 51605 approx.) and will roll out in China, Malaysia, France, Poland, Germany, Saudi Arabia, Italy, Spain, Japan, Thailand, Kuwait and United Arab Emirates. Along with the Huawei Mate 9, Huawei also announced Porsche Design Huawei Mate 9 limited edition smartphone in partnership with premium-lifestyle brand Porsche Design. Check full details here. The Huawei Fit watch comes with heart rate monitoring, automatic step counting, sleep tracking and support for multi-sport activities such as Walking, Running, Cycling, Treadmill and Swimming. It also provides comprehensive and customized running programs and offers real-time coaching; after a run the watch displays VO2 max, recovery time and a training score. More in detail here. The Huawei Fit comes in Titanium Gray and Moonlight Silver colors with Black, Blue or Orange straps in large and small sizes and is priced at 149 Euros (US$ 165 / Rs. 11,015 approx.). Meizu announced M5– and PRO 6s smartphones, and Meizu Box– its Android TV box based on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) with Flyme TV UI. The Meizu M5 packs a 5.2-inch HD 2.5D curved glass screen, is powered by a 1.5 GHz octa-core 64-bit MediaTek MT6750 processor and runs on Yun OS with FlyMe UI on top. It has a 13-megapixel rear camera with dual-tone LED flash, phase-detection auto-focus (PDAF) that lets you focus in just 0.2 seconds and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. Click here for pricing. The Meizu PRO 6s is company’s latest flagship smartphone and the successor of PRO 6 that was introduced back in April. It has the same 5.2-inch 1080p AMOLED display with 3D press that perceives different levels of pressure on the screen, is powered by Deca-Core MediaTek Helio X25 SoC, 5-megapixel front-facing camera and runs Flyme OS 5.5 based on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), but this has a 12-megapixel rear camera with Sony IMX386 sensor, pixel size of 1.25μm, four-axis optical image stabilization, dual-tone 10-LED ring flash, phase-detection auto-focus (PDAF) and laser auto focus. The Meizu Box is a triangular-shaped box that runs on Flyme TV based on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow). It can access Youku, Sohu and other streaming services in China and comes with Bluetooth remote with voice function. You can also control the device using Android app. It should support 4K decoding, similar to Xiaomi’s Mi Box. The Meizu Box comes in Black color and is priced at 299 yuan (US$ 44 / Rs. 2,950 approx.). It will be available in China from November 11th. Samsung announced W2017 (SM-W2017), the company’s latest premium flip phone in China, which is the successor of the W2016 that was introduced last year. It packs dual 4.2-inch 1080p Super AMOLED displays, so that you can use the phone even when it’s closed. You can flip open to use the other screen with a keyboard. It is powered by a Quad-Core Snapdragon 820 processor, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow), has a 12-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. It has metal frame and a glass back, similar to the predecessor, has a fingerprint sensor on the back along with a heart rate sensor. The Samsung W2017 comes in Black and Gold colors. No details about the pricing or availability yet. iBall launched Slide Brace-X1 4G, the company’s latest tablet in the Slide series, which is also the successor of the Brace-X1 3G tablet that was launched last year. This has the same  10.1-inch (1280 x 800 pixels) IPS display, comes with dual chambered speakers that promises load and clear sound, has 4G support with voice calling and packs a 7800mAh battery. But this is powered by an Octa-Core Cortex A53 processor, runs on Android 6.0 (Marshmallow) OS, has an 8-megapixel rear camera with LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The iBall Slide Brace-X1 4G comes in bronze gold color and is priced at Rs. 17,499 (MRP). Micromax launched of its latest budget 4G VoLTE smartphone dubbed as Canvas Spark 4G. The smartphone will be exclusively available for sale on Snapdeal through flash sale starting from November 10th, 12PM. As a token of gift, the customer will also get a preview Jio 4G bundled along with Canvas Spark 4G smartphone. Micromax Canvas Spark 4G comes in White Champagne color and carries a price tag of Rs. 4,999. The pre-booking for the smartphone has already started on Snapdeal. Lava launched Ivory POP tablet in India. It sports a 7-inch HD display, is powered by a 1.0 GHz quad-core Intel processor and runs Android 5.1 Lollipop out of the box. The Lava Ivory POP also supports 3G connectivity along with dual SIM card on board. The Lava Ivory POP comes in Black color and is priced at Rs. 6,299. TP-LINK aunched Archer C60 (AC1200) Dual Band Wireless Router in India. It leverages the 802.11ac technology and has three dedicated at 2.4GHz and two at 5GHz that have been arranged alternately to optimize its dual band signal for maximized coverage, minimized interference. The TP-LINK Archer C60 is priced at Rs. 2,999 and is available exclusively from Flipkart. General Mobile announced GM 5, its latest budget 4G smartphone in the ‘Android One’ lineup in partnership with Google. It runs on Android 7.0 (Nougat), but this has almost similar specifications as the General Mobile 4G that was introduced last year that includes 5-inch HD display, Snapdragon 410 SoC, 13-megapixel rear camera with dual LED flash and a 5-megapixel front-facing camera. The General Mobile GM 5 comes in Black, Space Gray and Gold, will be available with Single and Dual SIM versions in November. It will be available in 20 countries, but doesn’t include India. Intex launched LED-5800 FHD TV and LED-6500 FHD TV, 58-inch and 65-inch models These have digital video processing technology (DNR) that helps in reducing the amount of random noise, providing a more detailed and realistic viewing. These also have fast response time that promise crystal clear images ensuring clarity and an immersive experience. Check full details here. The Intex LED-5800 55-inch TV is priced at Rs. 74,999 and the LED-6500 65-inch TV is priced at Rs. 99,990. OnePlus launched its new Bullets V2 in-ear earphones, successor of the Bullets Earphones that was introduced back in 2014. It has a simple design and the company says that it has been designed with premium materials to complement the OnePlus 3. It has partnered with the German audio experts over at LOFO and ARYPHAN polyarylate diaphragm, known for its light weight and high vibration frequency. It has an aluminum coil wrapped in high-end Japanese black copper that promises more consistent listening experience. The OnePlus Bullets V2 comes in black and white colors, is priced at Rs. 1199 in India and is available from Amazon.in and OnePlus Store. "Weekly Roundup: Xiaomi Redmi 4, Redmi 4A, Huawei Mate 9, Samsung's dual display flip phone and more", 2 out of 5 based on 6 ratings. Author: Hitesh Arora From making Gadget and Auto videos for TV and online media, this guy landed up in Tech Writing. He has his heart at the right place when it comes to finding deals online. You will always find him suggesting people which device to buy. Hitesh calls himself a TV buff, who loves cooking, eating, dancing, and sleeping. You can follow him on Twitter @hitesharoraa View all posts by Hitesh Arora Author Hitesh AroraPosted on November 5, 2016November 5, 2016Categories 2 in 1, Handsets, Roundup Post navigation Previous Previous post: Samsung recall about 2.8 million washing machines for risk of explosion Next Next post: Google launches RCS messaging for Android devices Trending Phones OnePlus 3 Xiaomi Mi Max Gionee S6 Pro Le 2 Pro Le 2 Le Max 2 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts Seagate introduces 5TB world’s largest capacity portable hard disk Google PhotoScan app will digitize your old printed photos Reliance Jio to launch 4G VoLTE feature phones under Rs. 1500 with unlimited voice, video calling OnePlus 3T prices compared across the world OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 – What’s Different OnePlus 3T with Snapdragon 821, 16MP front and rear cameras, up to 128GB storage announced starting at $439 OnePlus 3T briefly appears on official site; 16MP front camera, 3400mAh battery, new Gunmetal color confirmed Apple working on AR smartglass, WhatsApp rolls out video calling and more – FoneArena Daily ‘Designed by Apple in California’ book with 450 Apple product images released for $299 iBall MusiTap Bluetooth headset with FM Radio, microSD support launched for Rs. 1325 CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Excelsior's Ahead-Of-Time Java Compiler Now Available For ARM Platforms NOVOSIBIRSK, Russia, Nov. 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Excelsior LLC, a well-established vendor of compliant Java SE technology implementations, has announced today the general availability of its first product for Java developers targeting ARM-based devices, Excelsior JET Embedded 11.3 for Linux/ARM. Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161103/435820LOGO    Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161103/435821 Excelsior JET Control Panel screenshot Excelsior JET Embedded is a complete implementation of the Java SE Embedded technology, enhanced with an Ahead-Of-Time (AOT) optimizing native code compiler. It helps vendors of Java-powered devices protect their intellectual property and improve the run time characteristics of their Java code. When run on traditional JVMs equipped with Just-In-Time (JIT) compilers, Java applications are known to start slowly and exhibit bad response times until the JIT compiler kicks in and compiles the performance-critical pieces down to native code. These may be non-issues for a server-side enterprise application that runs for many days on a cluster of multiprocessor servers. In the context of an embedded device, however, fast application startup and immediate demonstration of short, consistent response times are often among the top requirements. An AOT compiler enables embedded Java developers to circumvent the restrictions of their target hardware. “AOT compilation not only reduces the startup time of Java applications and eliminates the “JIT non-determinism”, as one of our prospects has put it, but also makes reverse engineering of application code much more expensive, which is good for security and intellectual property protection,” said Dmitry Leskov, Excelsior’s Director of Marketing. The ARM architecture flavors initially targeted by Excelsior JET Embedded are ARMv7-A with VFPv3-D16 extension or better, and 32-bit ARMv8-A. Future versions will also support 64-bit ARMv8 CPUs; support for the lower-end processors will be driven by customer demand. Excelsior JET Embedded 11.3 for Linux/ARM and Intel-based platforms is available for evaluation and purchase immediately direct from Excelsior at https://www.excelsiorjet.com/embedded. Pricing depends on the customer’s choice of a support plan and project parameters. Excelsior is an Oracle Java Licensee, so, on the one hand, its product has passed the official compatibility test suite and includes Oracle’s implementation of the Java SE Platform API, but, on the other hand, the use of a licensed Java implementation in an embedded device requires paying per-unit royalties to Oracle. Also released today is Excelsior JET 11.3 for desktop and server platforms based on Intel CPUs: https://www.excelsiorjet.com/evaluate About Excelsior LLC Excelsior LLC provides advanced Java-compatible solutions and software development services with particular focus on optimizing compilers, high performance runtime environments, and the Java technology. Excelsior is a Java Authorized Licensee. The company’s flagship product, Excelsior JET, is a complete solution for acceleration, protection, and deployment of Java applications. Founded in 1999, Excelsior is headquartered in the Novosibirsk Scientific Center, Russia, and is on the web at www.excelsior-usa.com. Contact: Dmitry Leskov Excelsior LLC 132022@email4pr.com +7-913-985-8649 Note to Editors: Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. Other names may be trademarks of their respective owners. Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Excelsior’s Ahead-Of-Time Java Compiler Now Available For ARM Platforms Author RSS ImportPosted on November 4, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Hybrid Contact Lens Market 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next Next post: Radial Investigates Recent Changes to the Amazon Flywheel and Its Impact on Retailers Search for: Search Recent Posts Vetical.com Introduces Affordable & Secure Cloud Based Veterinary Management Solution for Better Animal Care Healthy Eating Is Finally Practical with the OGarden Insomnia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics Development Market Review H2 2016 McKay Brothers Slashes Latency Between Tokyo and Singapore Diet Doc Provides Pharmacy-Grade Weight Loss Solutions and Customized Diet Plans With Ketogenic Diet Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market Worth 3.10 Billion USD by 2022 PUNE, India, November 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — According to the new market research the report “Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market by Component (Hardware: Baseboard Management Controller (BMC), Sensors & Controls, Memory Devices, and Software), End-Use Application, Vertical, and Geography – Global Forecast to 2022”, published by MarketsandMarkets, the market was valued at USD 1.20 Billion in 2015 and is expected to reach USD 3.10 Billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 13.2% between 2016 and 2022.  Continue Reading MarketsandMarkets Logo      (Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160303/792302 ) Browse 61 market data Tables and 78 Figures spread through 146 Pages and in-depth TOC on “Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market“ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/intelligent-platform-management-interface-market-175880366.html Early buyers will receive 10% customization on this report. The most significant factor driving the IPMI market is the rising demand for enhanced the server management, along with the reduced cost of ownership, and also increase in ICT spending and growing trend to adopting data center by organizations. Hardware component hold the largest share of the intelligent platform management interface market  The hardware component in the IPMI architecture is responsible for the collection of data related to physical characteristics of a server, inventory; logging states; and recovery control. The market for baseboard management controller in the hardware component is expected to grow at the highest rate because with the advancement in processing technologies, along with the increase in amount of data to be handled, the servers and others devices, nowadays, perform more tasks under critical conditions. Therefore, more number of sensors and controls would be integrated which is likely to increase the load in BMC. Hence, upgradation of BMC would be required in future servers to handle more data related to sensors and controls and deliver it to the system administrator in lesser time. The market for IPMI servers is expected to grow at the highest rate  Servers held the largest share of the Intelligent Platform Management Interface Market and the market for the same is also expected to grow at the highest rate during the forecast period. Apart from the fact that the intelligent platform management interface was mainly designed for server management, the remote access of the server has become increasingly very important. The mission-critical server environment has made it important to monitor server health throughout the day. The IPMI provides features such as KVM over IP, IPMI over LAN, and KVM over LAN to remotely access the servers and take corrective actions in case of emergency situation. North America is the major consumer of the IPMI market  North America is expected to account for the largest share in 2016 of the IPMI market. The Americas is home to many established data centers and cloud providers companies. Also, growing adoption of data center culture by small and medium businesses made the IPMI market to grow exponentially in the North America.  Inquiry Before Buying: http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Enquiry_Before_Buying.asp?id=175880366 The report also profiles the most promising players in the IPMI market. The competitive landscape of the market presents a very interesting picture where several big and small players have become a force to reckon with. The key players in the IPMI market are Intel Corporation (U.S.), NEC Corporation (Japan), ARM Holdings Inc. (U.K.), Dell, Inc. (U.S.), HPE (U.S.), Microsoft (U.S.), Softlayer Technologies, Inc. (U.S.), Emerson (U.S.), Super Micro Computer, Inc. (U.S.), and Cisco (U.S.), among others. Browse Related Reports  Cloud Infrastructure Market by Type (Hardware: Server, Storage, Switch, Services: Platform as a Service, Infrastructure as a service, Content/Application Delivery Network, Managed Hosting, Colocation), End-User Industry & Geography – Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/cloud-infrastructure-market-119658259.html White Box Server Market by Form Factor (Rack & Tower, Blade, Density-Optimized), Business Type (Data Centers, Enterprise Customers), Processor (X86, non-X86), Operating System (Linux, Windows, UNIX), and Geography – Global Forecast to 2022 http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Market-Reports/white-box-server-market-219773580.html Subscribe Reports from Semiconductor Domain @ http://www.marketsandmarkets.com/Knowledgestore.asp About MarketsandMarkets  MarketsandMarkets is the largest market research firm worldwide in terms of annually published premium market research reports. Serving 1700 global fortune enterprises with more than 1200 premium studies in a year, M&M is catering to a multitude of clients across 8 different industrial verticals. We specialize in consulting assignments and business research across high growth markets, cutting edge technologies and newer applications. Our 850 fulltime analyst and SMEs at MarketsandMarkets are tracking global high growth markets following the “Growth Engagement Model – GEM”. The GEM aims at proactive collaboration with the clients to identify new opportunities, identify most important customers, write “Attack, avoid and defend” strategies, identify sources of incremental revenues for both the company and its competitors. M&M’s flagship competitive intelligence and market research platform, “RT” connects over 200,000 markets and entire value chains for deeper understanding of the unmet insights along with market sizing and forecasts of niche markets. The new included chapters on Methodology and Benchmarking presented with high quality analytical info graphics in our reports gives complete visibility of how the numbers have been arrived and defend the accuracy of the numbers. We at MarketsandMarkets are inspired to help our clients grow by providing apt business insight with our huge market intelligence repository. Contact: Mr. Rohan MarketsandMarkets 701 Pike Street, Suite 2175, Seattle, WA 98101, United States Tel : 1-888-600-6441 Email: sales@marketsandmarkets.com Visit MarketsandMarkets Blog@ http://www.marketsandmarketsblog.com/market-reports/electronics-and-semiconductors Connect us on LinkedIn @ http://www.linkedin.com/company/marketsandmarkets SOURCE MarketsandMarkets Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) Market Worth 3.10 Billion USD by 2022 Author RSS ImportPosted on November 4, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Chess Supersite Corporation Completes Provisions for 4 Million Dollar Equity Line Funding Commitment Next Next post: EQUITY ALERT: Rosen Law Firm Announces Investigation of Securities Claims Against Allergan plc – AGN Search for: Search Recent Posts Vetical.com Introduces Affordable & Secure Cloud Based Veterinary Management Solution for Better Animal Care Healthy Eating Is Finally Practical with the OGarden Insomnia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics Development Market Review H2 2016 McKay Brothers Slashes Latency Between Tokyo and Singapore Diet Doc Provides Pharmacy-Grade Weight Loss Solutions and Customized Diet Plans With Ketogenic Diet Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
16/11/2016 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news Live X World news 16/11/2016 Syria's Assad sees Trump as 'an ally against terrorism' Point of view "For us it's still dubious whether he can do or live up to his promises" Bashar al-Assad Syrian President World news 15/11/2016 Paul Ryan reelected House speaker as Donald Trump struggles to form team Point of view "We are going to make sure that the voices we heard from this election of the American people, are acted upon." Paul Ryan Speaker of the House (R) World news 15/11/2016 What do we know about Marine Le Pen's policies? Point of view "We are not going to welcome any more people, stop, we are full up!" Marine Le Pen Leader, Front National World news 15/11/2016 Italy threatens to block EU budget talks Point of view "Italy is very tired of European ambiguities, very tired of European contradictions" Sandro Gozi Italian Europe Minister World news 15/11/2016 Obama urges debt relief for Greece Point of view "I will continue to urge creditors to take the steps needed to put Greece on a path towards a durable economic recovery, because it is in all of our interests that Greece succeeds" US President Barack Obama World news 15/11/2016 Nicolas Sarkozy faces fresh allegations over cash from Gaddafi Tweet Business 15/11/2016 US retail sales boost interest rate hike probability Point of view "October's retail sales performance provides some comfort that the primary driver of US GDP growth remains on a solid footing" Sam Bullard Senior economist, Wells Fargo Securities World news 15/11/2016 Rijad Tikvesa: the high cost of coal Point of view "The impact on health of pollution from thermal power plants in the region costs 8,5 billion euros per year" Rijad Tikvesa President of Ekotim BREAKING NEWS Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Home > News > World news > ISIL claims Diyarbakir bombing days after 'al-Baghdadi urged attacks on Turkey' Now Reading: ISIL claims Diyarbakir bombing days after 'al-Baghdadi urged attacks on Turkey' world news 04/11/2016 ISIL claims Diyarbakir bombing days after 'al-Baghdadi urged attacks on Turkey' Today's Top Stories world news 11/16/2016 Syria's Assad sees Trump as 'an ally against terrorism' world news 11/16/2016 Obama spreads message of 'calm' in Greece world news 11/15/2016 Greek protesters clash with police during Obama visit Advertisement Aa Aa Related Stories world news 11/03/2016 'ISIL leader Baghdadi' urges militants to fight to the death Flashback: one year ago world news 11/16/2015 G20 pledges to cooperate as ISIL threatens further attacks world news 11/16/2015 French show solidarity by attending memorial services world news 11/16/2015 Egypt pays tribute to victims of Paris attacks world news 11/16/2015 Paris massacre dominates agenda at G20 summit in Turkey Insight 11/16/2015 Spies must change tactics to face new 'hybrid war' Editor's choice world news 11/16/2016 Where in the EU is paying bribes widespread? world news 11/15/2016 Nicolas Sarkozy faces fresh allegations over cash from Gaddafi Sci-tech 11/14/2016 Lisbon hosts Web Summit last updated: 04/11/2016 Euronews ISIL has claimed responsibility for a deadly car bomb attack in Diyarbakir, southeast Turkey, according to a statement by its Amaq news agency. It’s the first attack in Turkey that the group has laid claim to. 'Amaq reported #ISIS responsibility for #Diyarbakir car bombing, 2 days after ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi called for attacks in #Turkey pic.twitter.com/nzOmOa10Y0— SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) November 4, 2016 The blast in the early hours of Friday morning (November 4) came less than two days after the release of an audio message – purportedly made by ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi – in which he urges fighters to attack both Turkey and Saudi Arabia. The recording has not been verified. In speech, #ISIS Baghdadi rallies his fighters, esp. those in Mosul, portrays war as Sunni vs Shiite, & calls for attacks in #KSA & #Turkey— SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) November 2, 2016 At least nine people died in the bombing near a police station in the predominantly Kurdish-populated town. Around 100 people were reportedly wounded. Turkish officials initially blamed the outlawed Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) for the attack, which took place in the Baglar district. Prime Minister Binali Yildirim said one suspected PKK member was among those killed in the blast. Share this article: More about: Bomb blast Turkey ISIL Islamic State Jihadist Group All views Get a different perspective Every story can be told in many ways: see the perspectives from Euronews journalists in our other language teams. Edition: Français Turquie : l'Etat Islamique revendique l'attentat de Diyarbakir See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Deutsch Sogenannter Islamischer Staat bekennt sich zu Anschlag in der Türkei See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Italiano "Siamo stati noi". L'ISIL rivendica l'attentato di Diyarbakir See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Español El Dáesh reclama la autoría del atentado de Diyarbakir See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Português Turquia: Daesh reivindica autoria do atentado em Diarbaquir See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Türkçe Diyarbakır'daki bombalı saldırıyı DEAŞ üstlendi See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Українська ІДІЛ: відповідальність за вибух в Діярбакирі See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Pусский ИГ взяло на себя ответственность за теракт в Диярбакыре See translation Auto-Translated Edition: العربية تنظيم "الدولة الإسلامية" يتبنى التفجير في دياربكر See translation Auto-Translated Edition: فارسی داعش مسئولیت حمله دیاربکر را برعهده گرفت See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Ελληνικά Το ΙΚΙΛ διεκδικεί την ευθύνη για την επίθεση στο Ντιγιαρμπακίρ-Το PKK δείχνει η κυβέρνηση See translation Auto-Translated Edition: Magyar Az Iszlám Állam robbantott Diyarbakirban See translation Auto-Translated Next Article world news 04/11/2016 Mass rally against Jakarta's governor turns violent Today's Top Stories world news 11/16/2016 Syria's Assad sees Trump as 'an ally against terrorism' world news 11/16/2016 Obama spreads message of 'calm' in Greece world news 11/15/2016 Greek protesters clash with police during Obama visit Browse today's tags USA European Union Greece Health Germany Barack Obama Elderly people Syria United Kingdom Sport Economy Health reform French politics Politics Conflict in Syria European politics Turkey Russia France American politics Military Bashar al-Assad Art Recep Tayyip Erdogan Talks / negotiations Culture Defence Justice Brexit Diplomacy Verticals News European Affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Programs Adventures Aid Zone Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Corporate About Euronews Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2016 News World news Business Sport European Affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Thornography Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Callers react to the release of Patriots Day; Amani calls out Gronk 11-15-16 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Pete Carroll tells Mike Salk that Patriot fans are soft, 11-15-16 Dale & Holley   ESPN's Trent Dilfer - Patriots defense is "good enough" Weekend Shows   Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on the late non-call against Gronk - 11/14/16 Enough About Me   Ep. 40: Jerry Thornton Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason... by Rob Bradford Latest Blog Posts Source: Carlos Beltran’s decision may be coming down to... Terry Francona wins American League Manager of the Year;... Latest Columns Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to... Why this World Series may be saving baseball Latest Audio Red Sox pitcher Joe Kelly with Mut & Bradford Alex Cora on John Farrell's managerial decisions and the Red... Patriots Christopher Price It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia Ryan Hannable John Tomase Featured Story Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could... by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Ex-Jets LB Bart Scott says that Bill Belichick ‘doesn’t... 5 things to know about 49ers: Patriots will travel... Latest Columns Lack of sacks, turnovers biggest reasons for Patriots' defensive... Why Rob Gronkowski remains one of NFL’s toughest players Nov 20 SF NE Latest Audio Real Postgame Show - Glenn can't get bent out of shape on... Real Postgame Show - Seahawks conquer Gillette Stadium & the... Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach by Mike Petraglia Latest Blog Posts Celtics Tuesday notes: Al Horford ‘just not where [he... Fast Break: Isaiah Thomas nets 37 but Celtics let it slip... Latest Columns Celtics rookie Jaylen Brown is real deal, but not for reasons you migh... Statue of liberty dunks, media disrespect, and a relentless will have... @7:30 PM Bos Dal Latest Audio Celtics Season Preview - Brought to you by JBL, 10-26-16 Celtics Season Preview Bruins DJ Bean Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Ex-Bruins defenseman Dougie Hamilton on trade block? Bruins goalie Tuukka Rask named NHL’s First Star of Week Latest Columns Brad Marchand: From cocky kid, to party animal, to NHL superstar October provides proof that Bruins can't trade Tuukka Rask Nov 17 Min Bos Latest Audio Bruins Cast - B's missing offense but manage back-to-back... Bruins Cast - B's drop third straight in NY, frustration... National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Football MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB J.D. Martinez Would Be Ideal Fit for Power-Starved Giants Terry Francona's 2nd Manager of the Year Award Pads... NFL Bart Scott Comments on Bill Belichick, Jamie Collins Trade Thomas Rawls, C.J. Prosise's Updated Fantasy Outlook After... NBA Tuesday NBA Roundup: LeBron James, Cavs Leave No Doubt They... Alonzo Gee to Nuggets: Latest Contract Details, Comments,... NHL Steven Stamkos Injury: Updates on Lightning Star's Status... NHL Rumors: Latest Trade Buzz on Kevin Shattenkirk, Dougie... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley WEEI at Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast New Age Insiders Podcast Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Latest Audio  Mut on the Red Sox and the Baby Cakes Mut & Villani on the identity of the Patriots defense Mut & Villani talk Pats-Seahawks and the NFL's slate of... Mut on the woes of the Patriots defense ESPN's Trent Dilfer - Patriots defense is "good enough" Popular Audio  K&C - Tom Brady on the Seahawks loss, his injured knee and... K&C - Gerry rips Kirk's podcast with Thornton; Saturday... Latest Podcast  K&C Recap Show - Gerry's tooth ache leads to a Tuesgay with... K&C Recap Show - Tom Brady welches and a lashing for SNL, Wanda,... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Rob Gronkowski not making excuses on final play Tom Brady says Patriots were too careless with the ball » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Enjoy Vegas for ONLY $25! 2 Nights at The Plaza... Station Events Miller Lite at Cask n Flagon... Fri, 11/18/2016 5:30 pm Whole Foods Jam the Van with... Fri, 11/18/2016 1pm-3pm » More Events Contests Win Big Y Gift Cards! Enter here for your chance to grab a $10 gift card to Big Y! 2 lucky winners will be upgraded to win a $80 gift card! Check out Big Y's... WEEI Pro Football Pick 'Em Make your Professional Football picks before each game of the season for a chance to win $100 each week and compete for the $2,000 Grand Prize!... » More Contests New England Patrio.. NFL Bill Belichick Tom Brady Seattle Seahawks Super Bowl Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Gabe Morency, SportsRageTV.com and FNTSY Sportsnet, joins NFL SUNDAY to tell us how is leaning in some of these intriguing games today -- 11-6-16 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Gabe Morency, SportsRageTV.com and FNTSY Sportsnet, joins NFL SUNDAY to tell us how is leaning in some of these intriguing games today -- 11-6-16 Nov 6, 2016| The always entertaining Gabe Morency joins Pete and Price on NFL Sunday to give his feelings on the games today. He gives us his top 5 picks as well as a bonus play. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. No filter no BS no stone left unturned this time for pigskin critics from Gabriel Allred seat. RNC on Sports Radio WEEI. It and. And and the yeah I should change. Last couple things articles on days until 1230 feet immigrant rights and broadcast studio and time now for. It's depicted the reds he's working great feeling gotten up that it's wise sports and finished eighth in the locker biggest super contest that here. I've 2000 people like cool. 55. I think we're widget good last week that propagated retreat keyboard this week I saw bad. Did you tricky aborted. You know I would charge only what a bat like I wish I just got to take an hour our conversation. Just stop all bought into my bookie had nothing else I do get to be like if I told you are getting better editing else. Besides what I gave other show last week but. Ya ya what you're such an early Eagles are blowing now late muddy lie in that occurred we want Biden won last week show hopefully keep his role in this week. They're quick question for wanna know how USA handicap or take into account a stat. Like Eli Manning being won it eight in his last nine games as old. Against the Philadelphia Eagles how would that affect your judgment. You know what I've got one of these guys I know I haven't numbers guy but I warmest spot in this situation better. I believe in stocks notch French and I think I did a lot when somebody who wanted against the football even called that just I it's been a socket. Tony Romo worker hasn't been a good old favorite it's not a trend. It just fine. You know some of the strategy get into ya wanna wind blocked what mile an hour you're wearing Red Sox and red. And blue Jersey and figure out and it's like all right guys let's you know. You know I didn't personal and direct and honest on the I would talk about this earlier in the week actually create. I don't hold virtual divisions in the National Football League in which history repeats itself as much as it does. Be it ceased. And the NFC east. It's just it's a cycle like musical chairs here I'll be the goal always when a New York the giants always went. In Philadelphia the giants always women in Washington get direct and always way America the cowboys all agreed to reds games. It's like history repeats itself saying earlier in the air FC east. You know as part of it has to pick winners in this stop there either we got a little bit but got out that the talks topple ball game. Blog I'd do we with the Philadelphia Eagles I want my topics I didn't make the it beg your shot last year last year we were just systematically mentally into three into every week. A major sort got it up would be added you know we ended up crushing hit aggression this year a little proper to contest like coming to the contest up. A 12 teams one of their team that we are we get last year. I mean it's just tanking camp library to save our lives and the other one on one to nineteen and one. Australia doing better look blocked and I am in a contest dubbed and we're still in this thing I've made it out so discreet. Do we we got a couple of really sneaky good this Chris pressed by the we got a couple really sneaky good teams this week quote what stands out for you the most. About the way some of these matchups stack up going into a corner of the day's action. You guys I look I'm looking at the Carolina Panthers are right now currency and I don't think this team. I think this game has been leopard debt but we've seen this team rattle off consecutive victories in a row. This game is more than capable we saw last year was shot beer or when they won what seven of the last eight games seven of the last nine down the stretch. I think this is almost this season I don't I mean you know week this week you know what pops up boy Puerto worked initially thought I played point guard here. And their standings don't really mean anything it's almost like college football polls everyone freaked out last week when a natural oh yeah. You know put in Jersey last year guy to only one team could only one game that weren't the original ranking get it up playing in the black ops right. And I think we're at this point now where it's almost like why were up late ruler only god should be doing literature to beat Dallas it's gonna be no way no England went in the actually bought. Would you kind of ceased a lot culprit. A new book about the patient neglect as streaky they are capable of losing your a couple of games that are. You look at the raiders. To an article raiders' locker call operators are flawed. Tell you what the Broncos are one of my top critics shut tonight the other raiders and Jimmy internal better than the chargers figure properties or should do. And caught a break ever differential guy's point differential twelve points. Truly gauge their odd item I like Denver a lot so to me encrypted procedure and that finding. Week did this week you really are similar situation. Other we can go down the list you know what I would arrive to the poverty years like coach ourselves shut your what your record says you are. I think you are what you are today I really believe this year I think there's shot. You're here really adjusting to as far as the standings and I don't batting guy I have the standings are relevant or they can make it could team to win great teams cover. Luka up standing like are covered the point spread but it's hardly stand to conservatives are huge week guys. So illness this gamers getting back the Broncos raiders games you like democratic they're plus one right out even without Talib and Harris play you still like their chances. I really do I really do it won't be replaced actually black sweet and would the idea she defensive player of the week. A bigger deeper to back good. When you delve into the numbers here you look at the raiders. This is what I machine. Football soared well. You know shade of perception of reality. In which it apparently took last year you gonna get a player Roger struggle last year. Yeah it was appropriate for yards shorter and also would hurt blah blah and it was under Green Bay Packers shocked the other killer meet all the data to kill a white banners seagate. Roger detail of my Spanish speaking population is kilowatt anti gay band that organic search for quality computer club won a playoff game. They didn't shock. So here we are this situation. Because David cars out there he saw on per Euro 400 yards or used bought or it ought strategy port Purcell great. There are so great report give the numbers here a little bit. The raiders and Broncos sooners got about our stretched. Everyone water writers like you better off that's not even close Trevor certainly had and David not even close. Well you're the differential is two point Doug seven point two gained two point jump what you did the raiders are scoring 26 points a game. 26 point nine the Broncos are scored 44 point two towards get the rumors about 25 point game got. The other group the winning differential 4625. Specter seat and averaged. The Broncos give up seventeen. Points per game they lost last year when the Broncos sort out the little QB situation. Bill they they were caught napping but they're all this year he's been one H I ate a lot Canton is about to recover data a lot of times. They've got the book the raiders are the Broncos attention tonight they are and all the talk with a box call GAAP. You know you don't want to leave you heard your car locked in a parking lot when you're not scared to go and their plight selling you out though that some dominant home field advantage to have democracy topic though they know every year there at all no they're not. So there's going to be a couple of dude just like dark greater a year ago. Hulu the senator's career everything with respect with cable RC from sport straight TV dot com and FA NTS wise it's at an estate blessed you are the biggest super cut us at 2000 people. A cable some of the other couple of Europe a top plays and I wanna ask you about the colts and Packers while it looked like you want your top placement it was a couple of games to really like today. I like to Denver Broncos allot to it I'll hopefully we have a nice shot strong today and I'm gonna do it every Smart guy will do to take all the money got mating call Ali had an apartment and I. I can Dick winters got money management is not quite scale I. Upload out of Minnesota Vikings into Detroit Lions game guys. That Minnesota Vikings these guys were the coolest kids on the block rendered Albert nineteen go up 41 all Gabe doesn't two weeks ago while I was dead and this is now and we all met winning and losing is contagious is a fine line between where you lose Norv Turner resigned this week. I don't I don't ever call option rumors offense ever lighting it up anywhere he'd ever be able or really can't run the ball all they can't protect Sam Bradford. I think the point spreads too high here. I think Minnesota is going to be an adult like just when this came out right spot. A particular Detroit Lions. Plus bishops are a little sprinkle on the Moneyline. In a cluster twenty range out what solid I think JJ is a winnable football games for the the others want to see. This why and you know this you know this guy. I'm gonna recommend were taken directors Patrick and York jets oh boy and I'm not Michael got Laker LA out of your check this out loud. Your bills that's all you're bills they had so this has developed two weeks wrote you are against your own your team. And you're right now they're saying now they all or nothing nice about this we all know guys. You know demise we golfers struggle within the division they don't win a division against the Buffalo Bills show one back at your age I egos are are good for that. Are they beat up on the Steelers web network Andrew Jones catcher come up on what the Miami Dolphins. Are selling ads you're talking about trends earlier. Let's get him a surge threatens our right now Miami oh and seven against the split in the second of back to back division engaged. Leo a lot of balls for an all against a spread. The raiders career as a dog would bitter division jets' 22 would sport division underdog gets all meiji actual way to go to age fifteen and all against the spread while getting more than three points to lower mark courses database. I mean opt Jimmy. Johnston. And god yacht club the doctor doesn't sort of ball over three times. If jobs are going to be in this game had a project probably won outright regularly report points. Are you finally gable wanna ask you but I mean the colts Packers a total at 53 seems the most obvious play that day the Packers may put up 53 on their own. It's this one of those games were a looks too obvious just to take the over. You know it feels doubt wait doctor I think until lobbyist game in the days of Dallas Cowboys and I'm gonna be staying away from apple Watergate I'll let you know. We've talked about there's an a plus speed actually I wish I occurred updated number but I Ain it's pretty much. Last week there were a couple of games there where mr. Dean Barkley to KC game. Stayed under the numbered Albert 48 Packers Atlanta game was where you'll learn about what went all but you know gathering Intel last week I. There were not in games to which the total was trickier more some of them went over the number and basically like I'm six of those won over by double digits. Sometimes lets not over think change at. We you know and I have been talking about this whole week I I want whoever seven point severed and applicable popular but I'd be encouraged and I'm pretty much of Aaron Rodgers hater but occurred at one are being from the offense. We dollar Dovonte autumn to actually start apply. You know as well this year or strategy got water than to last year actually about receiver. Are right now I loved the over in this game how big over batter eater I'm an optimist preacher. Absolutely if you Olmert. I want to Carolina Pampers other campers are gonna win this week we're gonna win next week they're gonna win a week after. I think in three weeks will be sitting here talking guys go look preparers are our five replied right now. Another big bandage up academic I know what about visual bought. It better Levys are batting about I hope my light street up towards the where it would Landry Jones bought. You ought to under thirteen of the last sixteen games between these two games this shot record for points or less it's almost free money just that she's the underdog to the under. In their series over the years bodyguards spurred a desperate game you know they need to win ball games electric spark to get it done. Bears while also liked all pitched out of Detroit Lions the Denver brought coach the Carolina Panthers. Bambi I Pittsburgh Steelers and a New York Jack that's what I play and mister Carter as we. Are some reggae great stuff is always loved the inspirational for talking to you next Sunday decks were different. Owners talk change our leaders of property like you get it over 176 and a half yards. If Iran over 200 today we got him out to the winners back. No reason why doesn't Russia first 77 yard so we're at least eighty let's go all over our somebody's stick around guys. All right Erika a great couple talk next Sunday effects. Yes there are some gave or received from Schwartz recently dot com FA NTS wise sports and you know he's a bright. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Ryan Hannable11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could [..] What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is [..] + Ryan Hannable11/14/16 11:24 pm EST Lack of sacks, turnovers biggest [..] - Ryan Hannable11/14/16 11:24 pm EST Lack of sacks, turnovers biggest reasons for Patriots' defensive struggles this [..] The Patriots defense is officially an issue. After roughly a month of questioning how [..] + Christopher Price11/14/16 11:21 pm EST Why Rob Gronkowski remains one of [..] - Christopher Price11/14/16 11:21 pm EST Why Rob Gronkowski remains one of NFL’s toughest players So does anyone want to questionRob Gronkowski’s toughness anymore? Gronkowski [..] + Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Ty Anderson11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to [..] - Christopher Price11/14/16 05:09 am EST What we learned: Patriots have to hope rest of AFC keeps struggling while they [..] FOXBORO — Let’s start with what we know. The Patriots have a very good [..] + Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve [..] - Ryan Hannable11/14/16 04:25 am EST Patriots players, coaches deserve to be second-guessed following loss to [..] FOXBORO -- Everything was set up in the Patriots' favor. While it wasn't going to be an [..] + Full Count11/15/16 08:18 pm EST Source: Carlos Beltran’s [..] - Full Count11/15/16 08:18 pm EST Source: Carlos Beltran’s decision may be coming down to Red Sox, 3 other teams It appears the Red Sox have some familiar competition for Carlos Beltran's [..] + Green Street11/15/16 08:04 pm EST Celtics Tuesday notes: Al Horford [..] - Green Street11/15/16 08:04 pm EST Celtics Tuesday notes: Al Horford ‘just not where [he wants] to be right now’ while Jae Crowder returns The waiting game continues for Al Horford and the Celtics. The big man is still [..] + Full Count11/15/16 07:25 pm EST Terry Francona wins American [..] - Full Count11/15/16 07:25 pm EST Terry Francona wins American League Manager of the Year; John Farrell gets 2 first-place votes It was a runaway for Terry Francona. The Indians manager cruised to his second [..] + It Is What It Is11/15/16 06:53 pm EST Ex-Jets LB Bart Scott says that [..] - It Is What It Is11/15/16 06:53 pm EST Ex-Jets LB Bart Scott says that Bill Belichick ‘doesn’t value’ players On this week’s edition of “Inside The NFL” on Showtime, [..] + It Is What It Is11/15/16 06:27 pm EST 5 things to know about 49ers: [..] - It Is What It Is11/15/16 06:27 pm EST 5 things to know about 49ers: Patriots will travel cross-country to meet struggling San Francisco Five things you have to know about the 49ers, who will host the Patriots Sunday [..] + It Is What It Is11/15/16 03:02 pm EST Rodney Harrison: Patriots coaches [..] - It Is What It Is11/15/16 03:02 pm EST Rodney Harrison: Patriots coaches ‘outsmarted’ themselves Sunday against Seahawks Rodney Harrison had a few issues with the way his old team went about its' [..] + Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink [..] - Red Sox11/13/16 06:37 pm EST Why Red Sox might want to rethink not making Edwin Encarnacion an offseason priority He was the guy David Ortiz endorsed to be his heir apparent. He was the free agent most [..] + Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs [..] - Red Sox 11/03/16 01:10 am EST Lessons from New England for Cubs fans wondering how life is about to change Welcome to the rest of your lives, Cubs fans. They'll never be the same. That euphoria you're [..] + Patriots11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help [..] - Patriots11/15/16 10:43 pm EST Upcoming schedule will help Patriots defense in short-term, but could potentially hurt in long run What's wrong with the Patriots defense? Where are the sacks? Where are the turnovers? Is this [..] + Patriots 11/14/16 11:24 pm EST Lack of sacks, turnovers biggest [..] - Patriots 11/14/16 11:24 pm EST Lack of sacks, turnovers biggest reasons for Patriots' defensive struggles this season The Patriots defense is officially an issue. After roughly a month of questioning how good the [..] + Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it [..] - Bruins11/14/16 05:13 pm EST New NHL schedule makes it impossible to develop real rivalries You could have heard a pin drop at Gila River Arena in Glendale, Ariz., during [..] + Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message [..] - Celtics11/10/16 10:54 pm EST Soft Celtics need a hard message from their quiet coach WALTHAM - Brad Stevens needs to grab hold of his team - and now. The team is just seven games [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Pro Football Pick'em Challenge for a chance to win $100 weekly prizes and the $2,000 grand prize. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Partners & Sponsors | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File   Copyright © 2016 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 5 minute read The Future of Work 5 Ways Work Will Change In 2017 From new federal regulations to automation, these are some of the factors that will force companies to adapt in 2017. [Photos: Flickr users Stacie DaPonte, spencer cooper, Fibonacci Blue, Wikipedia, CafeCredit.com] Jared Lindzon 11.01.16 5:00 AM Though 2016 may have felt like a tumultuous year, a variety of factors are poised to ripple through 2017, further disrupting business as usual. That's according to Brian Kropp, the human resources practice leader for CEB. The best practice insight and technology company that works with 20,000 senior leaders at 10,000 organizations worldwide gathered and analyzed internal and external data to look at broader trends that will influence the way we work next year. Kropp says major changes in public policy, technology, and employee demands will shape the challenges faced by business leaders and employees in the year to come. Among the key factors driving this change is one that stems from the 2008 financial crisis. Throughout the recovery period organizations of all shapes and sizes have had to learn how to do more with less, and are now unable to get much leaner. "They're in a situation now where they're seeing limited top-line growth, it's hard to pull more costs out of the system, but at the same time Wall Street and public markets are really expecting companies to continue to grow," says Kropp. He says that the only way for most companies to continue growing is through significant changes in how they operate. Overall he says, "That's the business environment and the business challenge companies are facing as we look into 2017." Within that new business environment Kropp identifies five ways work will change in 2017. Private Companies Will Dictate Social Policy Whether Americans elect Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton as their next president, supporters on both sides believe that Washington will continue to be dysfunctional in the coming year. As a result, Kropp believes that private companies will step in and set the agenda for decisions and policies that are typically left to the political class. For example, while the debate over $15 minimum wage rages on, individual companies have taken measures into their own hands, and are now implementing it themselves. As a result, Kropp suggests other companies will be forced to follow suit in order to remain competitive. "What's likely to happen in 2017, as more and more companies go down that path of setting what that standard is, it will set a de facto social policy," he said. Kropp points to other examples, such as North Carolina’s controversial HB2 "bathroom bill." It was met with pressure from private companies who threatened to take business out of the state. Likewise, many employers, such as Netflix, Ernst and Young and Coca Cola implemented their own paid parental leave policies ahead of federal or state mandated changes. "That will have a bigger impact on social policy than what government can accomplish in a dysfunctional Washington," says Kropp. Automation Will Cause Job Losses Well Beyond The Factory Floor Though automation has been blamed for eliminating large numbers of blue-collar jobs, particularly in manufacturing, Kropp believes that in 2017 robots are coming for jobs once considered irreplaceable by machines, and at a much quicker pace. Kropp points to wearable technologies such as heads up displays that are now being used by medical professionals as an example. If technology can provide information and guide surgeons through a procedure, they don’t need as many nurses, he says. As another example, Kropp cites paralegals who spend much of their time sifting through cases and decisions to help lawyers position arguments and courtroom strategies. "With artificial intelligence scraping across all that information, they will have algorithms that start to predict what sort of argument would be most effective with this judge," says Kropp, "When that happens, you don't need paralegals anymore." Private Companies Will Be Forced To Address Internal Drug Policies Nine states will include recreational marijuana legislation on the ballot in November, but there’s really only one that Kropp says could change the game for many American employers, should the referendum pass. "If California votes in favor of that, so many organizations have employees in California, or have an office in California," he points out. "It's going to shift from a few states being outliers to many more states, including the biggest state in the union, having legal marijuana, which forces it to be an issue for all organizations." Aside from implementing marijuana-related workforce policies, Kropp says organizations will also be forced to grapple with policies surrounding other substances, including pharmaceutical drugs, such as those intended for ADD and ADHD treatment. "If there's more legitimate use for pharmaceutical drugs, is it okay for a job candidate to be using that during an assessment test or not? Is that fair or unfair?" asks Kropp, adding that most organizations aren’t prepared to provide an answer. CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure Laws Will Have Unintended Consequences On the first day of 2017 the SEC’s Pay Ratio Disclosure rules will go into effect, but they will reveal much more than the wage of the organization’s top earner. Kropp suggests that there will be little surprise in that regard, but there will be one major unintended consequence. The new rules stipulate that public companies need to disclose the ratio of CEO pay to median employee salaries, which will reveal to many employees where they stack up in terms of compensation. "As soon as that number comes out, 50% of your employees will now find out they are underpaid relative to the average, and that will have a huge impact on employee engagement, retention, motivation, the cost structure of the organization, and that is the much bigger issue," says Kropp. A recent study by PayScale suggests that those who are aware of their CEO’s compensation have little problem with it, but that a majority of those in the know receive above average compensation themselves. "Many employees will find out that they are paid on the bottom half of their company, when their manager has told them they're well compensated," he adds. Diversity Policies Will Address A Widely Ignored Minority Group Diversity initiatives announced in the last 12 months alone by organizations such as Intel and Slack are tackling some major imbalances within the American workforce. Yet while these tend to focus on women and underrepresented ethnic groups, Kropp says, "People and organizations are going to start to realize there's an entire segment of the workforce that is being ignored in most of those initiatives, and those are people with intellectual disabilities." While not all companies will develop policies and practices aimed at those with intellectual disabilities, some of the more progressive organizations will seek to include this group in its diversity hiring in 2017, putting pressure on their competitors to do the same. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Leadership newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 2:33 A.M. ET Delta Lloyd cost cuts on track; ups savings traget 2:32 A.M. ET Aggreko confident of profit despite oil market 2:31 A.M. ET Barratt sales in London lag, but order book is up 2:30 A.M. ET Bouygues profit beats views on telecom unit boost 2:29 A.M. ET Total SA creates bioplastics JV with Corbion 2:28 A.M. ET GSK at fault for couple's time in China jail: suit 2:26 A.M. ET Reports of iPhone glitch investigated in China 2:25 A.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher emission suit costs 2:24 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank shrinks U.S. entity to meet EU rules 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release UPDATE - SentinelOne Outperforms Competition in Inaugural Anti-Malware Test Focused on Next-Gen Endpoint Solutions By Published: Nov 4, 2016 11:16 p.m. ET Share PALO ALTO, CA, Nov 04, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- New Report from MRG Effitas and AV-Comparatives Marks Significant Industry Change, as Testing Methodologies Must Evolve to Account for New Realities of Threat Landscape PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Nov 4, 2016) - SentinelOne, the company transforming endpoint security by delivering real-time protection powered by machine learning and dynamic behavior analysis, today announced that it outperformed competition in a new assessment by MRG Effitas and AV-Comparatives (AVC) for anti-malware testing. SentinelOne was also approved as a next-generation security solution and added as a member to the Anti-Malware Standards Testing Organization (AMSTO). The independent test is the first of its kind, focusing on specific criteria tied to next-generation capabilities. "SentinelOne performed in the top tier among the next-generation endpoint protection vendors in anti-malware testing," said Andreas Clementi, CEO and founder of AV-Comparatives. "We view this as a positive direction for the industry, as these technologies that utilize advanced behavior techniques and machine learning show good prevention and detection capabilities." "Next-generation" has been a vague term, especially in security. For endpoint protection, it signifies that a solution works on a different principle than traditional antivirus software but what this exactly entails still remains nebulous. Despite how unclear it is whether "next-gen" vendors can truly do a better job than their predecessors, testing criteria have barely changed. Tests have historically focused on file-based (PEs and DLLs) malware while excluding fileless malware and scripts -- which are increasing in prevalence today. Fortunately, that's finally beginning to change as third-parties like MRG Effitas, AV-Comparatives and NSS Labs evolve their testing methods to account for the new realities of the threat landscape. The review format included assessments of the management console, layout, deployment, monitoring, response, updates and more. For malware protection, the test focused on four areas: RTTL: Response to the most prevalent malicious samples according to the AMTSO Real-Time Threat List AVC: Response to most recent and prevalent malicious samples in the AVC database WPDT: Performance on the top malicious websites compared to traditional business AV technology running in tandem FPs: Ability to parse through false positives Among the endpoint security products tested, SentinelOne performed top of class achieving 100% prevention across RTTL, AVC and WPDT. The company accomplished this with zero false positives. "This is a testament to the hard work we've put into the SentinelOne platform since we embarked on our mission to change the way businesses protect themselves from the latest advanced attacks," said Tomer Weingarten, CEO of SentinelOne. "For too long, companies have touted machine learning capabilities, automation and more, but what we are finding out is that is primarily marketing jargon with little to no real benefit to customers. As an industry, we need to provide updated, third-party validated, benchmarks so that customers can make informed decisions against the realities of today's threat landscape." The test also found that SentinelOne's platform is intuitive and simple to use -- including analysis capabilities that allow administrators to clearly identify each event in an attack. Additionally, it enables group-based policies that trigger automated responses, from alert to kill in real-time. To download the full report click here or visit the SentinelOne blog for more details. About SentinelOne SentinelOne is shaping the future of endpoint security with an integrated platform that unifies the detection, prevention and remediation of threats initiated by nation states, terrorists, and organized crime. SentinelOne's unique approach is based on deep inspection of all system processes combined with innovative machine learning to quickly isolate malicious behaviors, protecting devices against advanced, targeted threats in real time. SentinelOne was formed by an elite team of cyber security and defense experts from IBM, Intel, Check Point Software Technologies, McAfee, Palo Alto Networks and the Israel Defense Forces. To learn more visit sentinelone.com or follow us at @SentinelSec Follow SentinelOne: Website: sentinelone.com Blog: sentinelone.com/blog Twitter: twitter.com/sentinelsec LinkedIn: Linkedin.com/company/SentinelOne YouTube: SentinelOne on YouTube Media Contact: Denise Schenasi (415) 963-4174 x 22 SentinelOne@highwirepr.com � 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»UPDATE - SentinelOne Outperforms Competition in Inaugural Anti-Malware Test Focused on Next-Gen Endpoint Solutions / New Report from MRG Effitas and AV-Comparatives Marks Significant Industry Change, as Testing Methodologies Must Evolve to Account for Ne 05.11.2016 | 04:19 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired UPDATE - SentinelOne Outperforms Competition in Inaugural Anti-Malware Test Focused on Next-Gen Endpoint Solutions / New Report from MRG Effitas and AV-Comparatives Marks Significant Industry Change, as Testing Methodologies Must Evolve to Account for Ne PALO ALTO, CA -- (Marketwired) -- 11/04/16 -- SentinelOne, the company transforming endpoint security by delivering real-time protection powered by machine learning and dynamic behavior analysis, today announced that it outperformed competition in a new assessment by MRG Effitas and AV-Comparatives (AVC) for anti-malware testing. SentinelOne was also approved as a next-generation security solution and added as a member to the Anti-Malware Standards Testing Organization (AMSTO). The independent test is the first of its kind, focusing on specific criteria tied to next-generation capabilities. "SentinelOne performed in the top tier among the next-generation endpoint protection vendors in anti-malware testing," said Andreas Clementi, CEO and founder of AV-Comparatives. "We view this as a positive direction for the industry, as these technologies that utilize advanced behavior techniques and machine learning show good prevention and detection capabilities." "Next-generation" has been a vague term, especially in security. For endpoint protection, it signifies that a solution works on a different principle than traditional antivirus software but what this exactly entails still remains nebulous. Despite how unclear it is whether "next-gen" vendors can truly do a better job than their predecessors, testing criteria have barely changed. Tests have historically focused on file-based (PEs and DLLs) malware while excluding fileless malware and scripts -- which are increasing in prevalence today. Fortunately, that's finally beginning to change as third-parties like MRG Effitas, AV-Comparatives and NSS Labs evolve their testing methods to account for the new realities of the threat landscape. The review format included assessments of the management console, layout, deployment, monitoring, response, updates and more. For malware protection, the test focused on four areas: RTTL: Response to the most prevalent malicious samples according to the AMTSO Real-Time Threat List AVC: Response to most recent and prevalent malicious samples in the AVC database WPDT: Performance on the top malicious websites compared to traditional business AV technology running in tandem FPs: Ability to parse through false positives Among the endpoint security products tested, SentinelOne performed top of class achieving 100% prevention across RTTL, AVC and WPDT. The company accomplished this with zero false positives. "This is a testament to the hard work we've put into the SentinelOne platform since we embarked on our mission to change the way businesses protect themselves from the latest advanced attacks," said Tomer Weingarten, CEO of SentinelOne. "For too long, companies have touted machine learning capabilities, automation and more, but what we are finding out is that is primarily marketing jargon with little to no real benefit to customers. As an industry, we need to provide updated, third-party validated, benchmarks so that customers can make informed decisions against the realities of today's threat landscape." The test also found that SentinelOne's platform is intuitive and simple to use -- including analysis capabilities that allow administrators to clearly identify each event in an attack. Additionally, it enables group-based policies that trigger automated responses, from alert to kill in real-time. To download the full report click here or visit the SentinelOne blog for more details. About SentinelOne SentinelOne is shaping the future of endpoint security with an integrated platform that unifies the detection, prevention and remediation of threats initiated by nation states, terrorists, and organized crime. SentinelOne's unique approach is based on deep inspection of all system processes combined with innovative machine learning to quickly isolate malicious behaviors, protecting devices against advanced, targeted threats in real time. SentinelOne was formed by an elite team of cyber security and defense experts from IBM, Intel, Check Point Software Technologies, McAfee, Palo Alto Networks and the Israel Defense Forces. To learn more visit sentinelone.com or follow us at @SentinelSec Follow SentinelOne: Website: sentinelone.com Blog: sentinelone.com/blog Twitter: twitter.com/sentinelsec LinkedIn: Linkedin.com/company/SentinelOne YouTube: SentinelOne on YouTube Media Contact: Denise Schenasi (415) 963-4174 x 22 SentinelOne@highwirepr.com © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Leisure » Mint Rich Star Last Modified: Sat, Nov 05 2016. 10 04 AM IST Four of the biggest givers Bill Gates, Warren Buffett, George Soros and Gordon Moore lead the pack when it comes to philathropy and charity Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Staff Writer Microsoft founder Bill Gates. Global and local icons are known for their charitable donations almost as much as they are known for excelling in their fields. Celebrities have often donated huge amounts from their personal wealth or through foundations for a noble cause. Mint takes a look at four such people. Bill Gates The former Microsoft chief has donated $29 billion towards his charitable organization, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. The foundation works to improve healthcare, offer educational opportunities and access to information technology, among other things. The couple have pledged to donate 95% of their personal fortune. Warren Buffett Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway’s CEO and chairman made donations to the tune of $2.8 billion in July to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. He has also contributed $2 billion towards charitable causes and organizations. His biggest donation, however, is a pledge to the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which will receive a whopping $37 billion after Buffett’s death. George Soros George Soros The business magnate has donated around £5.1 billion to health and educational institutes around the world. He supported underprivileged students in apartheid-era South Africa and backed progressive institutions in Eastern Europe during the Cold War. Gordon Moore Gordon Moore Following Gates, Buffett and Soros is technology giant Gordon Moore. The Intel founder reportedly donated about $6.8 billion to the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation that he runs with his wife. According to its website, the foundation has interests in environmental conservation, scientific research and higher education. Staff Writer Topics: Bill GatesphilanthropyBill and Melinda Gates FoundationcharityWarren Buffett More from this Section Vivo V5 goes into battle against LeEco Le Max 2 WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Air purifiers keep indoor pollutants at bay Bose QuietComfort 35 vs Sennheiser PXC 550: Turn that noise down Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Sat, Nov 05 2016. 03 06 AM IST Latest News Vivo V5 goes into battle against LeEco Le Max 2 Will the cement cartelization case be decided anytime soon? Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Vivo V5 goes into battle against LeEco Le Max 2 Will the cement cartelization case be decided anytime soon? Gold futures rise 0.24% on global cues WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone News in Numbers | 9 new bills in line to be listed in Parliament’s winter session Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Global Managed Security Services Market is Expected to Reach US$ 100.88 Bn by 2026 – Persistence Market Research NEW YORK, November 4, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Global Managed Security Services Market Expected to Register a CAGR of 17.6% Between 2016 and 2026, Owing to Increasing Vulnerabilities of Advanced Cyber Attacks and Threats Persistence Market Research delivers in depth research on the global managed security services market in its latest report titled, “Global Market Study on Managed Security Services: North America Market Expected to Expand 7X in Terms of Value by 2026 End (http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/managed-security-services-market.asp)“. According to the report, the global managed security services market is estimated to be valued at US$ 19.98 Bn by 2016 end. Factors such as increasing cybercrime activities, cost effectiveness, delivering timely and speedy action against advanced threats, skilled workforce, 24 x 7 monitoring and support, continuous change in compliance standards and regulations and growing trend of BYOD and mobile devices at workplace are some of the drivers which are expected to grow global managed security services market during the forecast period. However, barriers to entry in the form of scalability, automation and professional expertise act as major restraints in the global managed security services market. Moreover, there is always a huge amount of risk associated with outsourcing the critical and sensitive security information of any organization to the service providers. This also acts as a hindrance to the growth of the global managed security services market. The global managed security services market is segmented on the basis of deployment type, service type, application type, organization and region. By software type, the market is segmented into cloud-based software and web-based software. On the basis of application type, the market is segmented into BFSI, retail, healthcare, telecommunications and others. By service type, the market is segmented into IPS/IDS, DDoS, threat management, firewall management, end point security and SIEM. The market is also segmented on the basis of the organization which includes large enterprises and small and medium enterprises. Key regions covered in the report are North America, Western Europe, and Asia Pacific excluding Japan, Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa, Latin America and Japan. Demand for cloud-based deployment is expected to grow over the web-based deployment during the forecast period. The cloud-based deployment market is expected to register a significantly high CAGR of 20.1% over the forecast period. The growth is attributed to the flexibility, scalability and easy deployment of the cloud-based platforms. Managed Security Services is gaining traction in terms of service types in endpoint security, SIEM and threat management segment. The growing trend of “Bring Your Own device” which refer to the policy of permitting employee owned devices and mobile devices in the workplace is driving the major growth of the segment during the forecast period. Moreover, digital and social innovation, cloud platforms, mobile solutions and Internet of Things are expected to expand the segment with a high CAGR during the forecast period. In terms of organization, small & medium enterprise segment is expected to grow at a high CAGR of 19.2% due to increasing focus towards the compliance and security regulations in these enterprises. View and Download Report Table of Contents, Figures, and Tables: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/managed-security-services-market/toc On the basis of regions, North America is anticipated to be the most attractive region in terms of value share by 2026. The region is estimated to account for 31.4% value share in 2016 and is anticipated to continue the dominance in value share over 2016-2026.The markets in North America and Western Europe are anticipated to contribute majorly to the global managed security services market. The market in North America is estimated to be valued at US$ 6,270 Mn by 2016 and is expected to expand at the CAGR of 18.8% during the forecast period. The market in the Western Europe is expected to be valued at US$ 20.613 Bn by 2026. North America and Western Europe are the quicker adopters of managed security services. Their society are more connected and possess high risk from advanced cyber-attacks such as advanced persistent threats and zero day attacks. Key market participants covered in the report include IBM Corporation, Symantec Corporation, Fortinet, Inc., Computer Science Corporation, Accenture PLC, AT&T Inc., Intel Corporation, Cisco Systems, Inc. Checkpoint Software Technologies Limited, and Trustwave Holdings, Inc. View Sample Report: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/12100 Buy full Report@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/12100 About Us:  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA – Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Global Managed Security Services Market is Expected to Reach US$ 100.88 Bn by 2026 – Persistence Market Research Author RSS ImportPosted on November 4, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Renewable Energy United Kingdom: Consumption, Demand, Sales, Competitor and Forecast 2016 – 2021 Next Next post: TELUS Corporation : Notice of Cash Dividend Search for: Search Recent Posts Antrim Announces Sale of Ireland Subsidiary Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc: Exercise of Share Options Capresi Conversion Notice HubSpot to Open Second European Office in Berlin, Germany in 2017 Argus Announces Breakthrough Technology for Automotive Cyber Security Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
