Laptops Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks Tablets Best Tablets Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Tablets Under $200 Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Overall Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder New Surface Book is Overpriced, Outdated and Totally Worth It By Avram Piltch, LAPTOP Online Editorial Director | October 27, 2016 05:42 pm MORE "$2,399?! You want people to pay $2,399 for a laptop with last year's CPU and last year's midrange graphics chip? You must think consumers are suckers." Those were my initial thoughts when looking at the spec sheet for Microsoft's new Surface Book with Performance Base, which uses outdated components but still costs significantly more than laptops with more processing power. However, after having done some competitive analysis, I have to admit that Microsoft's laptop is still unique in the industry and might just be worth the price. A Year Behind the Times While every other premium 2-in-1 released this fall uses Intel's new 7th Generation "Kaby Lake" processors, and all the new graphics or gaming-oriented laptops employ Nvidia's 10-Series GPUs, the Surface Book with Performance Base is still stuck in 2015. This just-released system has the same Intel 6th Generation Core i7 CPU as the original Surface Book that was released last November and an Nvidia GTX 965M chip that launched 22 months ago. The issue is that Microsoft didn't actually update the Surface Book's brain at all but only its keyboard dock, which contains the graphics chip. The detachable screen — which contains the processor, RAM, storage and other key components — is the exact same one that rolled out in 2015. You can take a Surface Book you bought last year and put its top onto the new Performance Base, and it'll be exactly the same as the new Surface Book you get today. It's also lame that the new Performance Base, like the original, doesn't have a single USB Type-C port on board when even $400 laptops like the Asus E403SA support this vital new connector. Microsoft's laptop should have Thunderbolt 3, which uses a USB Type-C port but quadruples the transfer speed and can output to dual 4K monitors over a single connection. MORE: Thunderbolt 3 Explained: Why You Need the World's Fastest Port The Dell XPS 13 starts at just $799 — one-third the price of the Surface Book with Performance Base — and comes standard with Thunderbolt 3. Considering that the Surface Book is targeted at creative professionals, many of whom need to transfer large files or work with 4K cameras, omitting Thunderbolt 3 is particularly shortsighted. What Makes the Surface Book Unique With its choice of older components and ports, Microsoft is a bit behind the industry. However, when it comes to design and performance for its size and unique design, the Surface Book still comes out on top. The 2-in-1 market is growing faster than any other PC segment, according to data from market research firm IDC,  with dozens of laptop-tablet hybrids available from the likes of Acer, Asus, Dell, HP and Lenovo. All of these computers fall into one of two categories: convertible laptops with screens that bend back 360 degrees into slate mode, and tablets with detachable keyboards. The Surface Book has a screen that completely separates its keyboard, but it feels more like a clamshell laptop than any other detachable 2-in-1. Most other detachables have thin keyboard covers that make them feel unbalanced and unsubstantial on your lap. The Surface Book not only has a good weight balance between its keyboard and screen, but also places a GPU, an active cooling system, a full array of ports and most of its battery cells in its base. Microsoft's 2-in-1 performs better and lasts a lot longer on a charge when it's all in one piece. In fact, the tablet portion alone lasts only about 3 hours on a charge — enough time for a quick project — but that endurance jumps to 12 hours with the keyboard attached. How Other Laptops Stack Up The Nvidia GTX 965M GPU in the Surface Book's Performance Base isn't the latest and greatest, but it is powerful enough to play most high-end games at medium settings. By contrast, you won't find another detachable with an Nvidia GPU in the base, and even among bend-back convertibles, discrete graphics chips are very rare and not very powerful. The much larger and heavier Dell Inspiron 17 7000 has a low-end Nvidia 940M GPU, while the Lenovo ThinkPad P40 Yoga has business-oriented Nvidia Quadro M500M graphics. Neither of these chips is good enough for serious gaming. If you're not planning to play games or create 3D animations, you'll be fine with a 2-in-1 that has integrated graphics. Among convertibles that are similar in size and weight to the Surface Book, we love the HP Spectre x360 for consumers and the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga for more serious productivity and business work. The 13-inch HP Spectre x360 weighs about three-quarters of a pound less than the Surface Book and comes with a 7th Generation Core i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM, a 256GB solid-state drive and a USB Type-C port for just $1,149 — $450 less than a Surface Book with a 6th Generation Core i5 CPU, integrated graphics (not Performance Base model) and the same storage and RAM. The cheapest Surface Book with a Core i7 goes for $2,099 but also comes with discrete graphics (the older custom Nvidia GPU, not the GTX 965M). Microsoft's laptop, however, comes with an active stylus and a 3000 x 2000 screen, which is much sharper than the Spectre's 1920 x 1080 panel. The ThinkPad X1 Yoga also has a 13-inch screen and a sub-3-pound chassis, but it comes with an active stylus. An X1 Yoga with a 6th Gen Core i7, 8GB of RAM, a 256GB SSD and a 1920 x 1080 screen currently goes for $1,356, but we'd get it with the vibrant 2560 x 1440 OLED display, which ups the price to $1,596. If you just want a lightweight laptop with discrete graphics and you don't care about turning it into a tablet, you can get the Asus ZenBook UX303UB, which costs just $1,164 and comes with a 6th Generation Core i7 CPU, 12GB of RAM, a 512GB SSD, and a 3200 x 1800, 13-inch touch screen. However, it has low-end, Nvidia 940M graphics. If you're willing to get a 15-inch laptop that weighs nearly pound more than the Surface Book, you can get Dell's XPS 15 with GTX 960M, which is just a slight step below the 965M, along with a 6th Gen Core i7 CPU, 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD, for $1,399. What's next? The Surface Book with Performance Base is really a new high-end configuration of the 2015 model, not a new model in its own right. We've expected manufacturers to release refreshed laptops every time Intel releases a new processor generation, but Microsoft isn't doing that. Instead, we may see the company release a revamped Surface Book sometime in 2017. "There are enough rumors about more comprehensive refreshes in the beginning of 2017 that says that this was an interim step to add a little value in the top-of-the-line product and hold off on a full-blown update until they are ready to focus on it," Stephen Baker, an industry analyst for market research firm NPD, told me. Should you buy the new Surface Book? Whether you plunk down $2,399 for the Surface Book with Performance Base or just $1,499 for the base model, you're paying a high premium for its unique design. But it's a design that's more valuable than any of the components inside because it changes the way you use your laptop. If you have your eye on a Surface Book but don't need to make a purchase anytime soon, you may want to wait and see if the company releases a true refresh next spring. The new model will certainly have better performance and may also provide stronger battery life and a better port selection. Shoppers who don't need discrete graphics or the ability to pop off the screen can get a fantastic convertible 2-in-1 like the HP Spectre x360 or the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga for hundreds of dollars less than Microsoft's laptop. However, if you want the best detachable design and the strongest performance available today, the Surface Book is probably your best choice. ✖ Laptop Guide Laptop Buying Guide: 8 Essential Tips The Best & Worst Laptop Brands Laptop Tech Support Showdown: Undercover Report Should I Buy a Chromebook? Buying Guide and Advice Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Chromebooks vs. Windows 10 Laptops: What Should You Buy? Why You Shouldn't Buy a Touch-Screen Laptop Out of the Box Tips: Set Up Your New Laptop Like a Pro The Best Time to Buy a Laptop Chromebook vs. Tablet: Which Should You Buy? Laptop Buying Tips for Students 10 Key Features to Look for in Your Laptop How to Buy a 2-in-1 Laptop Hybrid USB Type-C FAQ: Everything You Need to Know How to Get Rid of Your Old Laptop Laptop Warranties: What They Cover Which Laptop Features Are Worth the Money? Gaming Laptop Buying Guide: Find the Right Rig 10 Reasons Why Consumers Should Buy Business Laptops Which MacBook is Right for You? 5 Things to Look For in Your Next Laptop Keyboard How to Configure Your Laptop: Specs That Matter The Perfect Laptop? Here’s What It Should Have Why 78 Percent of Laptop Screens Suck A Guide to Computer Ports and Adapters 13 Ways to Make a Slow Laptop Faster How to Tell If You Can Upgrade Your Laptop Laptop Locks Guide: Do You Need One? Laptop Buying Guide: 8 Essential Tips The Best & Worst Laptop Brands Laptop Tech Support Showdown: Undercover Report Should I Buy a Chromebook? Buying Guide and Advice Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Chromebooks vs. Windows 10 Laptops: What Should You Buy? Why You Shouldn't Buy a Touch-Screen Laptop Out of the Box Tips: Set Up Your New Laptop Like a Pro The Best Time to Buy a Laptop Chromebook vs. Tablet: Which Should You Buy? Laptop Buying Tips for Students 10 Key Features to Look for in Your Laptop How to Buy a 2-in-1 Laptop Hybrid USB Type-C FAQ: Everything You Need to Know How to Get Rid of Your Old Laptop Laptop Warranties: What They Cover Which Laptop Features Are Worth the Money? Gaming Laptop Buying Guide: Find the Right Rig 10 Reasons Why Consumers Should Buy Business Laptops Which MacBook is Right for You? 5 Things to Look For in Your Next Laptop Keyboard How to Configure Your Laptop: Specs That Matter The Perfect Laptop? Here’s What It Should Have Why 78 Percent of Laptop Screens Suck A Guide to Computer Ports and Adapters 13 Ways to Make a Slow Laptop Faster How to Tell If You Can Upgrade Your Laptop Laptop Locks Guide: Do You Need One? Next Article »» «« Previous Tip Next Tip »» Laptop Guide Laptop Buying Guide: 8 Essential Tips The Best & Worst Laptop Brands Laptop Tech Support Showdown: Undercover Report More Tips Laptop Buying Guide: 8 Essential Tips The Best & Worst Laptop Brands Laptop Tech Support Showdown: Undercover Report Should I Buy a Chromebook? Buying Guide and Advice Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Chromebooks vs. Windows 10 Laptops: What Should You Buy? Why You Shouldn't Buy a Touch-Screen Laptop Out of the Box Tips: Set Up Your New Laptop Like a Pro The Best Time to Buy a Laptop Chromebook vs. Tablet: Which Should You Buy? Laptop Buying Tips for Students 10 Key Features to Look for in Your Laptop How to Buy a 2-in-1 Laptop Hybrid USB Type-C FAQ: Everything You Need to Know How to Get Rid of Your Old Laptop Laptop Warranties: What They Cover Which Laptop Features Are Worth the Money? Gaming Laptop Buying Guide: Find the Right Rig 10 Reasons Why Consumers Should Buy Business Laptops Which MacBook is Right for You? 5 Things to Look For in Your Next Laptop Keyboard How to Configure Your Laptop: Specs That Matter The Perfect Laptop? Here’s What It Should Have Why 78 Percent of Laptop Screens Suck A Guide to Computer Ports and Adapters 13 Ways to Make a Slow Laptop Faster How to Tell If You Can Upgrade Your Laptop Laptop Locks Guide: Do You Need One? Author Bio Avram Piltch, LAPTOP Online Editorial Director The official Geeks Geek, as his weekly column is titled, Avram Piltch has guided the editorial and production of Laptopmag.com since 2007. With his technical knowledge and passion for testing, Avram programmed several of LAPTOP's real-world benchmarks, including the LAPTOP Battery Test. He holds a master’s degree in English from NYU. Avram Piltch, LAPTOP Online Editorial Director on Add a comment Email Firstname Name Comment 5 comments Mark Riffey Says: November 11th, 2016 at 11:20 am Would appreciate some details about this unit's ability to drive an external 4K monitor, or a pair of them via the Surface Dock. Will it support at least 1 SST 4K monitor at 60Hz? Will it drive 2 via the dock? Razak Nazeer Says: November 5th, 2016 at 4:12 pm Not a well researched article...please consult other leading expert before writing such article, that does not mention the Dell XPS 13 2016 with Kaby Lake at all. Shame. kesztio Says: November 1st, 2016 at 1:43 am “This just-released system has the same Intel 6th Generation Core i7 CPU as the original Surface Book that was released last November” Hmm… there’s a hitch somewhere. Isn’t it the very-very first quad core Surface Book ever released? In this case how the CPU could be identical to the last year released Surface book? (Unfortunately for me the quad core CPU is mandatory. Speaking about performance I’d be happy with something lower spec e.g. i5 HQ or even the latest AMD and don’t need graphic power at all as I’ll use the laptop exclusively for work. But I cannot develop, debug and test efficiently a multiprocessor-optimized application on a dual-core system.) Jonathan Becker Says: October 28th, 2016 at 10:22 am I think the reviewer misunderstands the purpose of the NVidia GPU in this machine. It's for Photoshop, which gets a serious performance boost from a GPU. Same with other Adobe apps. And USB-c might be a nice buzzword, but for actual productivity, it remains irrelevant. Jason Robinson Says: October 27th, 2016 at 7:00 pm With them probably releasing a Surface Book 2 in about 6-7 months, it does give one pause for thought there. Great machine though. Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins LATEST HEADLINES Best Touch Bar Apps for Your New MacBook Pro Skype For Web No Longer Requires an Account The Best Time to Buy a Laptop Best Laptop Deals: Kaby Lake Acer Laptop For Under $350 Alienware’s Vindicator Bags Take Gaming Gear on the Go COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
null
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Gigabyte lets loose a flurry of BIOS updates with Kaby Lake support by Bruno Ferreira  3:42 PM on October 28, 2016 And then there were none. On the heels of Asus and MSI, Gigabyte has now announced BIOS updates for its existing LGA 1151 motherboards, adding support for Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake CPUs. The motherboard vendor says it's "tested and validated" the new firmware across its entire lineup of 100-series mobos. Of course, Gigabyte doesn't spell "Kaby Lake" out loud, but not only has that horse fled the barn, it's already died of old age. If anyone asks, though, tell them it's "Intel Next-Gen CPUs." Gigabyte says that all motherboards with H110, B150, H170, and Z170 chipsets now have BIOS updates fresh from the oven. Users can install the updates using their mobo's "Q-Flash" utility. Owners of motherboards with Gigabyte's specialty "Q-Flash Plus" white USB port have it a little easier. On those models, there's no need to plug in a CPU or memory—a USB stick containing the new firmware is all it takes. Tags: CPUs Motherboards Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Spectre x360 vs. the New MacBook Pro: Flagships… Spectre x360 vs. the New MacBook Pro: Flagships from Apple and HP duke it out By Jayce Wagner — October 28, 2016 11:55 AM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here HP Envy Spectre 360x – 13-4003dx MSRP $899.00 Learn More Apple’s latest MacBook Pro will hit store shelves in a matter of weeks, but will refreshed hardware and an OLED Touch Bar be enough to compete in an increasingly tough marketplace? Let’s compare the specs of the new MacBook Pro against those of another powerful 13-inch notebook, the HP Spectre x360. Related: Apple’s new MacBook Pro doesn’t outrun competitors, but the Touch Bar is special Performance When you’re buying a 13-inch laptop, you’re going to sacrifice a little horsepower for portability, and it shows on the new MacBook Pro and the HP Spectre x360. Neither one is spectacularly powerful, but they can both be outfitted with increased storage space and RAM, though those options can get costly pretty quick. Comparing the base specs for both laptops, they’re on even footing. MacBook 13-inch (with Touch Bar) HP Spectre x360 Size 11.97 x 8.36 x 0.59 inches 12.03 x 8.58 x 0.54 inches Weight 3.02 pounds 2.85 pounds Display 13.3 inch Retina Display 13.3-inch touch display Resolution 2,560 x 1600 1,920 x 1080 Operating System MacOS Sierra Windows 10 Storage 256, 512GB, 1TB SSD 256, or 512GB SSD CPU Intel Core i5 Intel Core i5 / Intel Core i7 RAM 8GB or 16GB 8GB or 16GB Graphics Intel Iris Graphics 550 Intel HD Graphics 620 Camera Front 720p FaceTime camera Front 720p Connectivity  Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 4x USB-C Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, 3x USB 3.0, HDMI, Mini DisplayPort Battery Up to 10 hours Up to 15 hours Price $1,800 base model $1,050 base model Availability 2-3 weeks Available now DT review Hands-on Hands-on The new MacBook Pro features a dual-core Intel Core i5 processor alongside 8GB of RAM, which is nearly identical to the base model HP Spectre x360. Though it’s worth pointing out that the Spectre’s CPU is a 7th-generation Kaby Lake model, while the MacBook’s is a 6th-generation Skylake model. Though similar in raw clock speed, you might get a little extra mileage out of the Spectre’s processor, plus it can be upgraded to an Intel Core i7 for a little extra cash. The Mac does have an advantage in maximum storage size though, not to mention that the onboard Intel Iris graphics chip will outperform the Intel HD graphics chip found in the x360. All-in-all though, they’re pretty evenly matched, with a slight edge going to the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar. Display This one’s another area where the HP Spectre X360 and 13-inch MacBook Pro come to the table evenly matched, but they both have a couple tricks up their sleeves. The Spectre’s display is crisp, sharp, detailed, but not quite as high-resolution as the MacBook Pro. However, the Spectre x360 comes with a touchscreen, and the MacBook Pro does not. Remember, the Spectre x360 is a convertible 2-in-1 laptop, so it pulls double duty as a tablet. For that reason, it’s might look like the Spectre has a leg up on the MacBook Pro in this round, but there are a couple other factors to consider. Related: Fans of Apple’s cinema display may have to wait a while for an update. However, the MacBook Pro features a brand new Touch Bar where the function keys used to be, so you’ll be able to get a taste of a touchscreen experience. For the display category, the MacBook Pro comes out on top on account of its superior resolution. But if you’re a fan of tablets and you need your laptop to have a touchscreen, you might overlook those missing pixels on the HP Spectre x360. Portability Apple made a lot of noise about the latest MacBook Pro being the thinnest, lightest, Pro offering in their lineup, but the HP Spectre x360 is also remarkably thin, particularly for a 2-in-1. The Spectre made waves earlier this year as one of the thinnest 2-in-1 laptops available, weighing in at just over half an inch thick altogether. Similarly, the 13-inch MacBook Pro also comes in at just over half an inch thick. So, we’re going to have to take a closer look. The HP Spectre x360 has a minuscule advantage here, with a height of 0.54 inches, which is just a hair thinner than the MacBook Pro which is exactly 0.59 inches thick. The Spectre also weighs less, at 2.58 pounds to the MacBook’s 3.02 pounds. All right, that’s splitting hairs, so which one is going to be more comfortable to carry around? The HP Spectre x360 is actually lighter by a fair margin, certainly enough to feel when you heft both laptops. You’re not likely to notice much of a difference once you toss it in your bag, but it’s worth noting that the Spectre is significantly lighter and a little thinner. In fact, the HP Spectre x360 might come out further ahead since it’s capable of performing as a tablet, and offers a slightly more versatile user experience – and may have better battery life, at a quoted maximum of 15 hours against the Mac’s 10 hours. Manufacturer estimates can be unreliable, so you should take that with a grain of salt. But, the HP does actually have a bigger battery, at 57.8 watts against the MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar, which has a 49.2 watt-hour unit.  So there’s reason to think the HP may in fact be the winner. This round goes to the HP Spectre x360 hands-down, it’s thinner, lighter, has a bigger battery, and can pull double-duty as a tablet making it the all around winner when it comes to portability. Connectivity If you look at wireless connections like Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth, the MacBook Pro and HP Spectre x360 have identical specs. Both support 802.11ac, and Bluetooth 4.0, the differences really come into sharp contrast when you have a look at those other ports. The USB ports. Malarie Gokey/Digital Trends Given Apple’s war on ports, it should come as little surprise that the 13-inch MacBook Pro has done away with the MagSafe port in favor of a streamlined design which features four identical USB-C ports, and a single headphone jack. The MacBook Pro does not support USB-A, the traditional USB plug you’ve probably got lying around your home or office, so you might have to invest in some adapters if you’ve been eyeing the MacBook Pro. That said, the HP Spectre x360 also features a streamlined design and foregoes connectivity in favor of simplicity. The Spectre features two USB-C ports, one USB-A port, and one headphone jack. So, if you’re keeping score, the HP Spectre has four ports to the MacBook Pro’s five. This round is a draw. The MacBook technically has one more port than the Spectre, but the Spectre has at least one traditional USB port, and while USB-C is definitely the future of the I/O standard, most of us still have USB-A peripherals lying around so that port is going to see some serious use. Design If there’s one thing that sets the HP Spectre x360 and the MacBook Pro apart, it’s design. One epitomizes a classic, tried and true design, while the other forges down a new path, offering a uniquely flexible user experience. The MacBook Pro is, like all other Apple computers, built to exacting specifications. The internals are fitted perfectly within the chassis, without a single wasted millimeter, and it shows. The new MacBook Pro is just as solid, beautiful and understated as it always has been. It’s an elevation of the typical laptop design, rather than a radical reinterpretation and just by looking at it you’ll be able to tell if it’s the choice for you. Related: Apple debuted more than just new MacBooks at today’s big event.  The HP Spectre x360 on the other hand applies similarly high-quality build standard to a new form factor. The HP attempts tp deliver on the same kind of experience you’d have with a MacBook Pro, with the added functionality you’d get out of a tablet, and it succeeds for the most part. We’re going to just barely give this round to the MacBook Pro. The Spectre is an admirable attempt to capture that premium feel, but it’s just a hair behind, we feel. This mostly has to do with looks. Both laptops are very solid, but we think the appearance of the Pro is just a bit more alluring, while the Spectre x360 comes off as overly formal and business-like. Pricing This one is about as objective as it gets. Which one is more affordable? Which one will cost me an arm and maybe a leg? We’ll let the numbers speak for themselves. The 13-inch MacBook Pro, with Touch Bar, starts at $1,800. The HP Spectre x360, with nearly identical internal specs, starts at $1,050. The Spectre wins this round handily. You could almost purchase two Spectres for the price of one MacBook Pro, or buy a Spectre now, and buy a new Spectre in a couple years. Conclusion This comparison certainly shows why some users aren’t that excited about the new MacBook Pro. In this comparison, the Pro does come out slightly ahead in performance, display quality, and design. But it also without question loses in portability, and it’s less versatile, since it doesn’t have a touchscreen. Then there’s the price. At $1,800, the least expensive MacBook Pro 13 with Touch Bar is several hundred more than the most expensive HP Spectre x360. Even the MacBook Pro 13 without Touch Bar is $1,500. That’s difficult to accept. Based on the numbers alone — with the caveat that we’ve only had hands-on time with these systems and our full reviews are pending — the HP seems the better buy. Buy HP Spectre x360 from: Best Buy Buy MacBook 13-inch (Touch Bar) from: Apple Also watch: HP Spectre x360 Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Apple Intros New Thinner, Lighter, Faster MacBook Pros       Apple Intros New Thinner, Lighter, Faster MacBook Pros     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-28 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Apple's new MacBook Pro machines are thinner, lighter, faster; Qualcomm to pay $47 billion for chip maker NXP; BlackBerry Launches Its Licensed DTEK60 Android Smartphone; and there's more.     Latest Videos Sponsored Videos 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Apple's New MacBook Pro Machines Are Thinner, Lighter, Faster Qualcomm to Pay $47 Billion for Chip Maker NXP BlackBerry Launches Its Licensed DTEK60 Android Smartphone Lenovo, Fujitsu Confirm Negotiations Regarding PC Tie-Up       Today's topics include Apple's three new MacBook Pro models, Qualcomm's $47 billion acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, BlackBerry's launch of its new DTEK60 Android smartphone, and Lenovo and Fujitsu's negotiation regarding a future partnership. Apple unveiled three new redesigned MacBook Pro models on Oct. 27, bringing key improvements to its popular laptops, from thinner and lighter profiles to a new Touch Bar that replaces the top row of clickable function keys with a touch-screen keyboard strip. The latest MacBooks arrive in three versions—a 15-inch model with a sixth-generation Intel Core i7 quad-core 2.6 GHz processor, 16GB of 2,133MHz memory, up to 2TB of SSD storage and the new Touch Bar; a 13-inch model with a choice of sixth-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 dual-core processors, 8GB of 2,133MHz memory and the new Touch Bar; and a second 13-inch model that comes with a standard row of function keys instead of the Touch Bar. The Touch Bar reacts to taps and swipes and works with various applications to give users custom menus and keys that are specific to different applications.  Qualcomm is buying rival chip maker NXP Semiconductors in a $47 billion bid to rapidly expand beyond its core mobile device space and challenge Intel in such important emerging markets as the internet of things. After weeks of speculation, Qualcomm and NXP officials on Oct. 27 announced the largest deal in the chip space, surpassing the $37 billion that Avago Technologies paid for Broadcom late last year and continuing a years-long consolidation trend in the computer processor industry. The move will create a combined company with annual revenues of about $35 billion, serve markets that estimated to be worth $138 billion by 2020, and provide strong positions in such areas as mobile devices, automotive technology, the internet of things, security, radio-frequency technologies and networking, officials said. BlackBerry has rolled out its latest Android smartphone, the $499 DTEK60 high-security handset, which is the first phone the company has released since it declared in September that it would no longer build and distribute its own phone hardware. The DTEK 60, which is being licensed with the BlackBerry name and is being manufactured by China's TCL Corp., includes a 5.5-inch quad HD display, a special coating to resist smudges and fingerprints, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 processor, 4GB of memory, 32GB of on-board storage and a microSD slot for expanded storage. The handset also has a 21-megapixel auto-focus rear camera and an 8-megapixel front camera with flash, a fingerprint reader, BlackBerry's Intelligent Keyboard and a 3,000mAh rechargeable battery. It runs on Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Officials with Lenovo and Fujitsu confirmed that they are in talks regarding the future of Fujitsu's PC business, but what the result of those negotiations will be remains unclear. The companies said in a joint statement that Lenovo, Fujitsu and Fujitsu Client Computing—the subsidiary created by Fujitsu in February to manage the PC business—are considering a "strategic cooperation" in the areas of PC research, development, design and manufacturing. Details of what the cooperation will be are under discussion, they said. They did say that the end result will include Fujitsu's keeping its own brand of PCs.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Trending: 2017 CIO 100 Call for Entries State of the CIO Careers Consumer Tech IT Strategy Security CIO Role Mobile Resources/White Papers Search cio Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Comparing AI tools in Salesforce Einstein and Dynamics 365 Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try 12 steps to lower your espionage risk 6 tips for buying or selling a smart home More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Big Data CIO 100 Symposium and Awards Careers/Staffing Cloud Computing Consumer Technology Developers Hardware Healthcare IT Industry IT Strategy All IT Strategy CIO Role CMO Role Innovation Leadership and Management Outsourcing Infrastructure All Infrastructure Data Center Networking Storage Virtualization Insider Threats Internet All Internet Marketing Mobile All Mobile Mobile Apps Mobile Management Smartphones Tablets Wearables Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux Windows Security All Security Cybersecurity Disaster Recovery Malware Privacy Regulation Software Contact Us Magazine Subscription Services Archive News Opinion Resources Slideshows Video More CIO Executive Council CIO Events Newsletters RSS Blogs × Close Home Desktops News Here's how the MacBook Pro stacks up against the PC Surprise: The PC is still well ahead of the MacBook More like this Apple's MacBook Pro 15 is basically a fossil at this point and here's the proof 10 things Apple's new Macs could (and should) copy from the PC Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro: Is it worth buying? on IDG Answers What to do with Apple ID disabled? Credit: Apple Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Gordon Mah Ung Follow PCWorld | Oct 28, 2016 3:00 AM PT RELATED TOPICS Desktops Hardware MacBooks Comments If you had to put a word to Apple’s first big MacBook reveal in—well, years, it would have to be meh. Sure, you think I’m just throwing shade at Apple because I’m the original hater, but frankly I expected more after four years of neglecting the MacBook Pro lineup. I really expected Apple to knock it out of the park and show the PC world the bottom of its sneakers as it raced ahead. But no. Apple has not raised the bar. Worse, in plenty of metrics, the PC remains ahead. Don’t believe me? Let’s break it down. Apple’s three new MacBook Pros: Are they want Mac users really want as their workhorses? The new MacBooks, by the numbers Apple announced three new laptops today. The most high-profile is the workhorse of the fleet: the MacBook Pro 15. As usual, Apple didn't divulge all the specifics, such as the exact CPUs, but it did disclose the clock speeds and the generation of Intel CPU. The MBP15 uses a 6th-gen quad-core Skylake chip. This may disappoint some, but Intel’s 7th-gen quad-core Kaby Lake CPUs aren’t official until early next year. Apple does stick with the beefier versions of the Skylake CPUs, with Iris Pro graphics. By process of elimination, I’m pretty certain these are the two CPUs in the MacBook Pro: The Core i7-6870HQ and the Core i7-6770HQ. Read all about them at Intel’s ARK. Both of them are pretty decent CPUs and feature Intel’s Iris Pro 580 graphics, as well as 128MB of integrated eDRAM. The MacBook Pro 15 packs soldered-in-place CPU and GPU. In actual graphics performance, the Iris Pro 580 is Intel’s best—but it still falls short of decent discrete graphics. In performance, it’s roughly between that of a GeForce GT 940M and a GeForce GTX 950m, which aren't exactly two fast GPUs themselves. In CPU-limited tests, the new MacBook Pro 15 should be about the equal of a quad-core PC. What I don’t get is why Apple uses the pricier Iris Pro version of the CPU even when it’s paired with discrete graphics. Why not shave a little money off the price tag? Speaking of GPUs, Apple is the first personal computer vendor I know of to offer AMD’s new lower-end Polaris GPUs in the form of the Radeon Pro 450 and Radeon Pro 455. Both are pretty power-friendly, with a rating of 35 watts, but neither seem to be barn-burners. The Radeon Pro 455 is rated by AMD at 1.3 teraflops, and the Pro 450 is 1 teraflop. Because no one has actually seen these GPUs, it’s hard to say how fast they will be. That doesn’t mean I can’t try to guess. Apple said the new MacBook Pro 15 is 60 percent faster in gaming performance than the previous-gen laptop, which has a Radeon R9 M370X in it. Taking the performance of that laptop (from a review by Notebookcheck.net) and adding roughly 60 percent, we can see how the new MacBook Pro stacks up against the current crop of PCs.  If the new MacBook Pro 15 with its Radeon Pro 455 is 60 percent faster than the last gen MBP 15, here’s how it would stack up against PCs. There are a lot of limitations to the estimated performance here. First, what exactly does Apple mean by “60 percent faster in gaming?” Is it in a certain game? Would the performance be worse or better in this one particular benchmark? Still, don’t expect the results to change much when we see the real deal. The best the MacBook Pro 15 could really hope to do is break even with the 1.3-teraflop GeForce GTX 960m. At least the Radeon Pro 455 does it while using almost half the power of the GTX 960m, but if you’re hoping for more raw horsepower it won’t be there. Did Apple just kill your ability to upgrade the SSD? If those chips are soldered to the motherboard it did. In pure performance, the new $2,800 MacBook Pro might be a little faster in CPU loads and break-even in GPU loads compared to this Dell XPS 15, which came out nine months ago and costs basically $1,400. That particular Dell, of course, has a plain old 1920x1080 screen and an SSD half the size of the MacBook Pro's, but in performance they might be the same. Throw in a 4K panel, larger battery, and SSD, and the Dell would still be cheaper. The problem for the MacBook Pro 15 is its weight class. At 4 pounds, it’s fair to compare it to the 4.1-pound MSI GS63VR Stealth laptop. Our review of the MSI is imminent, but it packs a quad-core Skylake CPU, 4K screen, 16GB of DDR4 RAM, 512GB SSD, 1TB hard drive, and a GeForce GTX 1060 card. Again, I don’t know how that Radeon Pro 455 will do, but glance up at the 4-pound MSI GS63VR on that performance chart and you can expect it to just about murder the MacBook Pro 15 in graphics performance. Here’s a Dell XPS 15 (top), last gen MacBook Pro 15 (middle) and an MSI GS63VR Stealth (bottom). All weigh just about the same. Yawning over the MacBook Pro 13 Of all the new laptops, the MacBook Pro 15’s performance is most interesting. The MacBook Pro 13, by contrast, is a total yawner. Like previous generations, Apple relies on the faster Iris graphics-based Skylake chips. It doesn’t say what the specific parts are inside but it isn’t hard to isolate it to the dual-core Core i5-6360U and the dual-core Core i5-6267U. Here are the two CPUs in detail on Intel’s ARK. I say these are yawners because they deliver basically the same performance we’ve seen from PC laptops for the better part of a year now. The new MacBook Pro 13 should offer decent CPU performance that’ll be generally slightly better than the vast majority of PC Ultrabooks based on Skylake CPUs. That’s to be expected, as the MacBook Pro 13’s using the Core i5-6267U, a 28-watt CPU, vs. the 15-watt chips in most PC Ultrabooks. The new MacBook Pro 13 gets a nice boost from Iris 550 graphics—when compared to itself. Here's what happens when you put them against the 7th-gen Kaby Lake Ultrabooks. Kaby Lake is basically an improved version of Skylake that runs at higher frequencies. It can do so for longer than Skylake, and it generally gives you about 10 percent more performance. I’m going to guess the MacBook Pro 13 might just about break even with some Kaby Lake laptops. The chart below includes an Iris 540 Core i7 Skylake CPU, which is actually slower than the Core i5 Kaby Lake in CineBench R15 but that’s because it’s the 15-watt version of the chip. With the MacBook Pro 13’s higher wattage, it might exceed the Kaby Lake-based Dell XPS 13 you see here—or it might just break even. What I do know is it won’t be leaps and bounds ahead of the typical PC Ultrabook with a Kaby Lake CPU. The math just doesn’t add up for that. The 6th gen-based Skylake MacBook Pro 13 might break even with 7th gen-based Ultrabooks. One area where the MacBook Pro 13 should have a nice leg up is in graphics performance. In the chart below, you can see the Iris 540 outpaces even the newer 7th gen. In graphics performance the MacBook Pro 13 should exceed the typical Ultrabook. Whether the MacBook Pro 13 prevails depends on what you think compares to the MacBook Pro 13. Microsoft certainly thinks its Surface Book i7 plays agains the 13-inch MacBook Pro. In fact, Microsoft specifically called out the old MacBook Pro 13 with its new Surface Book i7 announcement Wednesday, saying it would be “three times” faster than the old MacBook Pro 13. Well, it doesn’t change this time either. Last year I put the Surface Book against the MacBook Pro 13 and found even the older model could be called “three times faster.” Although I’m disappointed with the Surface Book i7’s “upgrades” as well, I am almost certain it’ll easily hand the MacBook Pro 13 its hat as it kicks it out the front door into the snow. Microsoft has put a GeForce GTX 965m inside the Surface Book i7 this year, and that’s just spoiling for a fight. Frankly, I’m not even sure the MacBook Pro 15 can outperform the Surface Book i7 on graphics tasks (though it certainly will on CPU loads). In the end, after four long years and much anticipation, what we get with the MacBook Pro is performance that’s going to still lag the PC's by a healthy margin. Let’s just hope it doesn’t take another four year for the next update. But hey, you get emojis in a tiny touch strip, right? There’s no pen or touch screen support but you can get emoji’s AMIRIGHT? This story, "Here's how the MacBook Pro stacks up against the PC" was originally published by PCWorld. RELATED TOPICS Desktops Hardware MacBooks Gordon Mah Ung — Executive Editor One of founding fathers of hardcore tech reporting, Gordon has been covering PCs and components since 1998. Download the CIO October 2016 Digital Magazine View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies Popular On CIO.com EVGA GTX 1060 3GB review: A compelling $200 graphics card with a questionable Nvidia's new 3GB version of the GeForce GTX 1060 goes toe-to-toe with the $200 Radeon RX 480—in theory. Your guide to top tech conferences IDG Contributor Network Apple Pencil: 9 great note-taking apps Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our Daily News newsletter Go Deep-dive review: The iPhone 7 Plus is the best iPhone yet Apple has to out-execute itself (and its rivals) every year to coerce millions of users to upgrade and... 6 things you'll love about the Moto Z Droids — and 6 you won't The new Moto Z Droid and Moto Z Droid Force are now available from Verizon and Motorola. They’re some... Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Blindsided: Why Today's Biggest Cybersecurity Threats May be the Ones You're NOT Seeing White Paper Blindspots: Why Cybersecurity's Visibility Gap Matters and How Organizations Can Solve It White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Go Featured Stories True agile software development requires DevOps Fannie Mae has doubled its software output in the last 18 months thanks to agile software development... Hortonworks Data Cloud spins up & down for AWS The new cloud service is optimized for enterprise ephemeral workloads on AWS and designed to integrate... 3 ways to regain control of Windows 10 updates Windows 10 has a mind of its own when it comes to software updates. Here are three easy ways to take... Trump presidency a step back for diversity During the days after Donald Trump was elected the 45 U.S. president, supporters of diversity and... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? CIO Follow us Feature News News Analysis Opinion Slideshows Videos Sign up for Newsletters Sign up for Insider About CIO Ad Choices Advertising Careers at IDG Contact Us E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Copyright © 1994 - 2016 CXO Media Inc. a subsidiary of IDG Enterprise Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home Articles Cases, Cooling & PSU Editorials CPU Cooler Testing and Methodology (October 2016) TweakTown gets a new CPU cooler test system as well as a revised testing methodology. Find out how and why we test the way we do. By: Chad Sebring | Editorials in Cases, Cooling & PSU | Posted: Oct 28, 2016 4:42 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Page 1 [Introduction] Page 1 [Introduction] Page 2 [Test System Components] Page 3 [Software and Settings] Page 4 [Stock Fan and Thermal Testing] Page 5 [Thermal Paste and Overclocked Testing] Page 6 [Final thoughts] Introduction     The time has come for yet another system upgrade in which we will bench CPU coolers for the next couple of years. With Intel Kaby Lake just around the corner, we would have loved to wait it out and get the latest and greatest of processors to run with this system, but due to degradation to our older system, we are no longer able to keep the system stable with the voltages we had used in the past. The ASUS Z97 Sabertooth and the Intel Core i7 4770K have been troopers for us.   They allowed us to bring you over ninety coolers and rate them according to thermal characteristics as well as delivering audio results. This way consumers are well informed in purchasing one of the multitudes of options out there to cool your CPU of choice.     You will soon see that not only has our system changed but so has our methodology. Where we feel we have failed the customers in the past was in our control of the fan voltage. Where most users buy a cooler, plug it into the fan header, and tend to use the PWM fan curve of the fan included with the cooler, we feel we were taking the effort of the cooler manufacturers out of the equation. This has led us to not only change our testing methodology, but it also means we will be delivering six charts now rather than four, to compare all CPU coolers as they are intended to run.   The concept of this article is to offer our readers a comprehensive version of all factors that went into our CPU cooler test rig, the software we choose to use, and a step-by-step of how to repeat our results, should you have access to the same components. With minimal help from vendors, and a ton of support from TweakTown's owner, we can not only update our test system into more appropriate gear, but at the same time, we feel that we are covering all the angles now.   We can now deliver more accurate results, in a real-world fashion, not mucking about imposing our settings on them. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction] Page 2 [Test System Components] Page 3 [Software and Settings] Page 4 [Stock Fan and Thermal Testing] Page 5 [Thermal Paste and Overclocked Testing] Page 6 [Final thoughts] Recommended for You Noctua NH-D14 CPU Cooler Revisited in 2014 INWIN Factory Tour - How to make one million computer... Cooler Master CM 690 III with Seidon 120 Mid-Tower... Cooling 3D Style - Gigabyte cool the clocks Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags Coolers CPU Coolers Test System testing methodology Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page

CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search The Best All-in-One Desktop Computers of 2016 JC Torres - Oct 28, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit PCs aren’t dead. They’ve just taken a different form. From PC sticks to mini PCs to 2-in-1 PCs, personal computing is becoming even more diverse as we move away from the traditional tower form factor. One of the oldest “alternative” PC forms is the all-in-one or AIO that brings display and processing unit together under one roof. The AIO market has received no small interest this year, and is about to get even more interesting thanks to Microsoft’s recent reveal. If you’re in the market for one, especially with holiday sales coming up, you might want to take a peek at some of the choicest picks of all-in-one computers this year. Apple iMac This is the granddaddy of AIOs, even before AIOs became a thing. Evolving from the candy-colored boxes to clean and sleek slabs, the iMac has always been the poster boy of all-in-one-computers. Sadly, Apple has yet to refresh the line, though the 2015 models are by no means so outdated that they don’t matter anymore. The highest end iMac gets you a 27-inch 5120×2880 Retina 5K display, powered by either a Core i5 or i7 processor, 6th gen Intel Skylake. RAM starts at 8 GB but can go all the way up to 32 GB, with a 1 or 2 TB “Fusion Drive” that combines SSD and HDD. That configuration also includes an AMD Radeon R9 M395 with 2 GB of video memory. An overall solid performer, even for some light gaming. At least if you are a devoted macOS, formerly OS X, user. AOC Mars (Android-based Remix OS) AIOs started out as a “Windows or Mac” affair, but these days any OS can have their own AIO. Android is no stranger to getting ported to this or that device, whether it make sense or not, but that doesn’t mean it’s optimized for the experience. Enter Jide’s Remix OS, a spin of Android that turns the mobile OS into a desktop OS. While Jide has its own hardware, it has recently broken out to partner with other hardware makers to bring its Android flavor to a wider audience. One such partner is AOC, whose “Mars” Remix OS AIO aims to compete in that market. Somewhat. Compared to the iMac and other Windows AIOs, the AOC Remix AIO is going to be embarrassing in terms of specs. But considering this is Android, which is optimized for hardware with constraints, that won’t be a problem, at least not too much. It has a 23.8-inch 1080p screen, a 2 GHz Cortex-A53 Amlogic S905 CPU, 2 GB of RAM and 16 to 64 GB of storage. Remix OS has run on similar or even weaker hardware, so it’ll be just fine on this AOC AIO. Acer Chromebase 24 (Chrome OS) Even Chrome OS has an all-in-one computer! And this time more supported by Google, naturally. The Chromebase line is geared more towards the work place, especially for meetings, but, just like Chromebooks, that doesn’t mean it can’t be used for everyday computing as well. Admittedly, the Acer Chromebase 24 is more gifted than the AOC Remix OS AIO that it almost seems unfair, but to each manufacturer its own. At its best, the Acer Chromebase 24, model CA24I-7T, boasts of a 23.8-inch Full HD screen and an Intel Core i7, though of the older Haswell generation. There 8 GB of RAM and 32 GB of storage. Curiously, its screen has 10-point touch support, though Chrome OS itself isn’t as touch-oriented compared to Android. Lenovo Yoga Home 900 We now dive head on to the world of Windows AIOs, but not without taking a side trip to the realm of oddity. It’s hard to describe the Lenovo Yoga Home 900 as an All-in-One when it looks all too much like an oversized tablet. And in truth, it is exactly that. Unlike all other AIOs, Lenovo’s strange contraption can actually run for about 3 hours when not connected to a power source. Also unlike most AIOs, it isn’t affixed to a stand and can lay flat on a table. So it’s a tablet-tabletop-desktop-in-one. The 27-inch 1080p screen supports 10-point multi-touch as well (remember, giant tablet). It runs on a more recent Intel Core i7 Skylake gen and is paired with an NVIDIA GeForce GT940 for graphics. For memory, it has 8 GB of RAM and 256 GB of SSD storage. ASUS Zen AiO Pro In complete contrast, the ASUS Zen AiO Pro is as “plain” as it gets. And that is actually its strength. No gimmicks, no eccentric features. Just straight out productivity and serious business. It also offers all around good specs for any purpose and computing need. The 23.8-inch screen boasts of 4K resolution, the first hi-res display in our list, aside from the iMac. It is driven by a 6th gen Intel Core i7 with 16 GB of RAM. There’s also an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M inside, for more intensive graphics work. And gaming on the sides, of course. At around $1,500, it is also the middle ground when it comes to price and features. MSI Gaming 27T 6QE Most all-in-ones aren’t exactly geared towards process-heavy tasks, especially those involving number crunching and pixel pushing. Space constraints and physics mean they’re not exactly a gamer’s first choice of PC. MSI, however, begs to differ and proves it with its Gaming AIO series. Equipped with as much muscle as you can squeeze in such a tight space, the MSI Gaming all-in-one PCs offer a decent, though not perfect, gaming experience without taking up much space. The MSI Gaming 27T 6QE is the crowning glory of that line, boasting of a 6th gen Skylake Intel Core i7 CPU and an NVIDIA GTX 980M with 8 GB of GDDR5 video memory. The latter is particularly known for offering desktop-class graphics in a mobile form factor. There’s also 16 GB of DDR4 RAM and a 256 GB SSD driver for fast file processing. And while it might seem that the 27-inch 1080p screen is a downer, that also means that the processors are less taxed when it comes to rendering graphics. HP Envy 34 The HP Envy 34, on the other hand, has no issues about pushing graphics, as long as they’ve already been rendered before hand. This AIO was made for non-gaming entertainment in mind, and its obnoxiously wide curved screen is testament to that. Although not exactly the newest of the group (although just as well aged as the iMac), the Envy 34 is still unmatched when it comes to that very wide curved display. That’s 34-inches of curved WQHD+, yes there’s a “plus”, goodness, curved to a 2,000 mm radius. This will probably not be conducive for creating multimedia, but it’s perfect for consuming them afterwards. The specs aren’t middling either, with an Intel Skylake Core i5 or i7, 8 or 16 GB of memory and 2 TB of storage for all your movies. Microsoft Surface Studio And, of course, we can’t talk about “AIO” and “2016” without mentioning the Microsoft Surface Studio, which is sure to be the subject of discussions, ridicule, and criticism, in the coming days, weeks, and even months. It has everything you’ve heard above and then some. In terms of specs, it matches the MSI Gaming 27T in terms of raw computing power. In terms of oddity and touch, it outclasses the Lenovo Yoga Home 900. And in terms of price, it puts all of them to shame. That is, if they were competing for who has the highest figures. Admittedly, what makes the Surface Studio special isn’t the AIO itself but the accessories that come with it, one that has to be purchased separately. Sure, the ability to pull down and tilt the touch screen is great and all, but it doesn’t make much sense if it were not for the Surface Pen support. And that stylus, while useful by itself, becomes all the more useful with the Surface Dial. The Surface Studio is clearly marketed towards professional content creators, and its exorbitant price tag speaks to that. Wrap-up: To AIO or not to AIO Despite how much all-in-one computers have come, they’re still not as widely chosen compared to traditional desktops and laptops. They stand in a slightly niche market in between. On the one hand, you have the space savings of a laptop but none of its portability. On the other hand, you have close to the specs, and especially the screen size, of a desktop but stops short of really becoming one. So should you buy an all-in-one computer or not? As always, the answer is “it depends”. An AIO’s smaller footprint and sleeker look comes at a price, both figuratively and literally. In terms of capabilities and future-proofing, AIOs are closer to a laptop than a desktop. Both have most of their hardware fixed and can’t be upgraded. And while something like the MSI Gaming 27T and even the Microsoft Surface Studio comes close to decent gaming, it’s still a far cry from a regular desktop PC specifically assembled for gaming. But just like with laptops, not all computer users need that much power nor do they feel the urge to upgrade components every time a new one comes out. PCs have a slower turnover than mobile devices, and a good, well-rounded desktop can last for years. In average cases, an all-in-one computer pretty much addresses most computing needs and usually looks stylish to boot. Tags All-in-one PCComputingiMacPC Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Latest Headlines 2017 Nissan Sentra NISMO First Drive: A modest performance proposal Nov 15, 2016 Galaxy Note 7 could return next year as refurbished units Nov 15, 2016 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 introduces all-new DSSV suspension technology Nov 15, 2016 Minecraft Hour of Code Designer tutorial is free and available now Nov 15, 2016 Aston Martin Vanquish S boosts power, style & eye-watering price Nov 15, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Don't Hate on Intel Corporation for Spending More on Data-Center Biz Spending now to build a wide and deep moat around its main growth business is the right move for this chipmaker. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 28, 2016 at 7:46AM Analyst Romit Shah (via Barron's) recently noted that Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) outlook for operating expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2017 should be around 34%, based on statements made by Intel Executive Vice President Stacy Smith. Image source: Intel.  That higher-than-expected operating-expense guidance as a percentage of revenue, relative to his prior expectations, could be tied to the company's worse-than-expected performance in its data-center group. "Amid weakness in data center, higher spending could signify something spookier, such as a defense move (i.e., more custom projects) to stem market share loss," the analyst writes. I don't doubt for a second that this higher-than-expected spending outlook is due to fairly significant incremental investments in the company's data-center group. However, this isn't necessarily a bad thing, especially when investors consider the alternative. Understanding the reality of the situation Intel's main growth engine at this point is its data-center group. The growth in this business has been one of the key reasons Intel has been able to keep its total revenues flat to up over the past several years, even as its core personal-computer business has deteriorated significantly. Right now, Intel's data-center group has the benefit of both being exposed to a number of growth markets -- such as cloud servers, networking infrastructure, and high-performance computing -- and limited competition. So far, the threat from ARM architecture-based servers -- which has loomed over Intel for years -- hasn't materialized. Nevertheless, there are a number of factors that could allow these ARM-based server players to build more competitive products in the coming years. Should the ARM players, or perhaps competitors using alternative architectures, manage to capture a significant amount of share in the server market -- ARM predicts that its partners will, collectively, capture around 25% share in the server market -- this would significantly hurt Intel's long-term prospects. Indeed, server share loss of that magnitude could wipe tens of billions off of Intel's market capitalization. So Intel has to do absolutely everything in its power to make sure that it doesn't start hemorrhaging server market share. Intel's R&D might is its best weapon When all is said and done, Intel's best defense mechanism against a broad set of competitors in the server market is its sheer research-and-development might. No single semiconductor company out there today is both willing and able to spend what Intel can and does to support its data-center products. Indeed, one reason Intel is able to spend more than others is that it has the advantage of having a data-center business that brings in north of $16 billion in revenue each year. This large revenue base gives Intel the ability to spend fairly lavishly on research and development while allowing for a healthy level of profitability. Another reason that Intel can outspend its peers is that many of the core technologies that it builds in support of its other businesses -- personal computers, the Internet of Things, and so on -- can be leveraged in the company's data-center product portfolio -- a point that former Intel CFO spent a lot of time making back at the company's 2014 investor meeting. It simply makes sense for Intel to put the pedal to the metal on these investments before any of its competitors are able to reach any sort of scale. If Intel can consistently outrun the competition, it should only be a matter of time before those other companies decide that there are better uses of their cash than trying to compete with Intel on its own turf. Intel is playing a long-term game; we'll see if the strategy ultimately plays out when the server processor market share numbers come in over the next three to five years. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 28, 2016 at 7:46AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Define your site main menu How to Solve “PXE-E61 Media Test Failure, Check Cable” Error PXE (Preboot eXecution Environment) is a boot environment that Intel created. The PXE allows a workstation to boot up by using a network interface before it boots the operating system from the local storage devices such as the hard disk. When hard disk boot failure occurs, the computer will not boot up and a message saying “PXE-E61: Media Test Failure, Check Cable” appears. The error may also read “PXE-M0F: Exiting Intel PXE-ROM” or “Boot Failure: System Halted.” This error message repeats each time one attempts to start up the computer and it restricts one’s access to the hard disk data. Hard disk boot failure in PXE can happen for several reasons. The most common reason is physical hard disk failure due to a faulty or improperly connected hard disk. The error might also occur if a computer attempts to boot from a device and it cannot find the necessary boot files. The error can also appear because of incorrect BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) or CMOS (Complementary Metal Oxide Semiconductor) settings. The BIOS contains instructions about how the computer boots. The BIOS can only be updated or modified with BIOS updates. The CMOS contains the system settings and a CMOS battery powers it. The CMOS can be changed or modified by entering the CMOS setup. The setup for the BIOS and CMOS are the same, but the BIOS and CMOS on the motherboard are not the same. Below are steps to access the BIOS and CMOS to help solve the error. How to Find the Cause and Fix “PXE-E61 Media Test Failure, Check Cable” Error It is important to isolate the cause of the “PXE-E61 Media Test Failure, Check Cable” error and solve it. To do this, follow the steps below: A loose or improper hard disk cable connection can be the cause of the error. This typically happens if the hard disk has recently been installed or moved. Check all of the hard disk’s cable connections before trying anything else to solve the error. Make sure that no other storage device is connected to the computer. If there is a storage device connected, remove it. When computer start up is being attempted, enter the BIOS to see if the hard disk has been set up correctly and detected in BIOS. To enter the BIOS, follow these steps: a. The key that must be pressed to enter the BIOS varies depending on the computer model. The key is most likely the Del key or one of the F keys. Many computers refer to this as Entering Setup and Setup is just another term used for the BIOS. b. Try setting one’s BIOS to any safe default settings. That might fix the error. Verify that the boot options in CMOS are setup correctly. Follow these steps to do this: a. Enter the CMOS by pressing one of the following keys: F1, F2, Del, Esc, or F10. Press one of these keys when trying to start up the computer. If these keys do not work, try holding one or more keys on the keyboard when the computer is booting. This may cause a Stuck Key Error, which should allow the user to enter the setup. b. If the CMOS setup shows an option to boot from the LAN, disable this option. c. Try to set the CMOS settings to any safe default settings, then save and exit. After changing any settings, reboot the computer. It is possible that physical failure caused the error if the hard disk cannot be detected. If this is the case, replace the hard disk and restore one’s data if a good backup is available. If one does not have a good backup, contact a company that provides data recovery services. These companies perform hard disk recovery and securely retrieve one’s valuable data. Follow Us! Rate this article: ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ How to Solve “PXE-E61 Media Test Failure, Check Cable” Error, 3.18 / 5 (11 votes) You need to enable JavaScript to vote Mail this article Print this article Last updated 11 March, 2016. Related Posts How to Reset a Toshiba BIOS Password? The Toshiba Corporation was originally founded in 1939 through the merger of Tanaka Engineering Works ... How to Reset a Dell BIOS Password To discover a working BIOS password for your Dell, enter the Service Tag from your ... How to Change BIOS Settings The Basic Input Output system (BIOS) is a type of software that provides an interface ... marish Hi! I too hah the same problem.after seeing the post I disabled the LAN boot.now the boot sequence is had,hdd only and rest all boot priorities are disabled.I have WD 160GB SATA HDD.In bios SATA mode is Ide.hdd is visible in bios.until 15 days back it was working fine.after doing above steps it shows system disk boot failure,insert disk and press enter.after pressing enter same message is displayed.please help me out as I m not a comp geek,and have only one pc. Tim Cook One word for you. May the force be with you. 🙂 priya jain very simple just go to boot option and disable j micron Vizardtech Service Any Query OF The Laptops And Computers Plz Contact Us 8291216004 Search for: Reference Software Tutorials Unit Conversion Practice Tests Web Tools Site Index Audio-Video Databases Electronics File Compression File Conversion Gaming Graphics Hardware Internet IT Management Macintosh Microsoft Windows Mobile Devices Networking Programming Science Security Telephony Unix by Tech-FAQ Copyright ©&nbsp2016 Independent Media | Reference the Tech-FAQ | Privacy Policy | Site Index BIOS How to Solve “PXE-E61 Media Test Failure, Check Cable” Error BIOS (Basic Input/Output System) How to Reset a BIOS Password How to Access BIOS How to Upgrade BIOS How to Access the BIOS for Sony Vaio Laptops How to Reset a Toshiba BIOS Password? How to Reset an IBM ThinkPad BIOS Password How to Change BIOS Settings How to Reset a Dell BIOS Password How to Reset an Acer BIOS Password } 141 queries in 0.353 seconds.
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Intel Tlc 3d Nand Data Center Storage Intel punches out data centre flash cardlet Chipzilla’s M.2 format SSD for data centre server reading use This 22 x 80mm flash card can store 1TB 28 Oct 2016 at 11:22, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Seagate has a flash early Xmas present for Xbox gamers LaCie flings out super-glam desktop Bolter drive Enhanced XP7 plumps up flash while slimming dedupe Intel has released a tiny, single-sided and heavily read-optimised SDD for server use in data centres. The P3100 is an M.2 design (22 x 80mm) built from 3D TLC (3bits/cell) NAND. This format has begun appearing in tablets, thin notebooks and desktops as it doesn't take up much space and the use of TLC (3bits/cell) NAND means capacities of up to 1TB are practical. However, the TLC use tends to mean devices are optimised more for reading data than writing it, TLC NAND having a lower endurance than MLC (2bits/cell) flash. Typically servers are not so limited for space and 2.5in SSDs are the norm. Intel is hoping that space-constrained servers with read IOs more important than write IOs will be a viable market for its P3100 SSD. Its random read/write IOPS are up to 114,000/10,000 and the sequential read/write bandwidth numbers are up to 1.8GBps and 175MBps. This performance profile is heavily optimised towards reading data. It supports 0.5 drive writes per day (DWPD) for three years, 0.3 DWPD for five years, and has a five-year warranty. The product draws 10mW in its idle state, which Intel says is 90 per cent less than a typical enterprise disk drive, and averages 5.5W when active. However, there is no power-loss data protection, although the drive does have AES-256 bit encryption. Data centre applications for the P3100 include being a boot device, search indexing, edge caching and web hosting according to Intel. For comparison, Intel's M.2 format 600p SSD is a client device, meaning notebook and tablet primarily, NVMe SSD with the same 3D TLC NAND media, capacity levels and 1.6 million hours MTBF rating as the P3100. Its random read/write IOPS are up to 155,000/128,000 and the sequential read/write bandwidth numbers are up to 1.8GBps and 560MBps. This has a nominally faster random read IOPS number and much, much faster random write write IOPS value; it being more balanced in its performance. Intel's business client Pro 6000p and and IoT E 6000p are, we understand, 600p variants The P3100 looks like a tweaked 600p. Intel DC P3100 specs Samsung has 960 EVO and 960 PRO M.2 client SSDs with capacities up to 1TB and using 3D NAND media (48-layer, 256Gbit 21nm TLC V-NAND). They are much faster than the P3100: 960 EVO Random read/write IOPS are up to 380,000/360,000 Sequential read/write bandwidth numbers are up to 3.2 and 1.9GBps 960 PRO Random read/write IOPS are up to 440,000/360,000 Sequential read/write bandwidth numbers are up to 3.5 and 2.1GBps Micron has an 1100 SSD in both 2.5in and M.2 formats, which uses a 6Gbps SATA interface. The M.2 100's capacities are 256GB, 512GB and 1TB using 32-layer 3D NAND. (The 2.5in version goes up to 2TB.) It has a 1.5 million hours MTBF rating, which contrasts with the P3100's 1l6 million hours. The performance numbers are: Random read/write IOPS are up to 92,000/83,000 Sequential read/write bandwidth numbers are up to 530 and 500MBps That makes it slower than the P3100 at reading but faster than writing. When the next generation 3D NAND comes around the block from Intel (and Micron) then we should get 2TB M.2 SSD capacities and that should enable faster write IO and longer endurance in DWPD terms, both of which could endear the format more to server suppliers than this 1TB toe in the data centre water. Download a DC P3100 product brief here (PDF). ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too Flash reaches the enterprise tipping point Dell EMC World tease: What does 'composable' mean to you, readers? SSDs in the enterprise: It's about more than just speed Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. How AI Is Shaking Up the Chip Market subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours This stunning time-lapse captures a total solar eclipse in Norway: bit.ly/2eYcljC Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1 . Caption: Clayton Cotterell for WIRED Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Cade Metz. Cade Metz Business Date of Publication: 10.28.16. 10.28.16 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am How AI Is Shaking Up the Chip Market Clayton Cotterell for WIRED In less than 12 hours, three different people offered to pay me if I’d spend an hour talking to a stranger on the phone. All three said they’d enjoyed reading an article I’d written about Google building a new computer chip for artificial intelligence, and all three urged me to discuss the story with one of their clients. Each described this client as the manager of a major hedge fund, but wouldn’t say who it was. The requests came from what are called expert networks—research firms that connect investors with people who can help them understand particular markets and provide a competitive edge (sometimes, it seems, through insider information). These expert networks wanted me to explain how Google’s AI processor would affect the chip market. But first, they wanted me to sign a non-disclosure agreement. I declined. These unsolicited, extremely specific, high-pressure requests—which arrived about three week ago—underscore the radical changes underway in the enormously lucrative computer chip market, changes driven by the rise of artificial intelligence. Those hedge fund managers see these changes coming, but aren’t quite sure how they’ll play out. Of course, no one is quite sure how they’ll play out. Today, Internet giants like Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Amazon, and China’s Baidu are exploring a wide range of chip technologies that can drive AI forward, and the choices they make will shift the fortunes of chipmakers like Intel and nVidia. But at this point, even the computer scientists within those online giants don’t know what the future holds. Going Deep These companies run their online services from data centers packed with thousands of servers, each driven by a chip called a central processing unit, or CPU. But as they embrace a form of AI called deep neural networks, these companies are supplementing CPUs with other processors. Neural networks can learn tasks by analyzing vast amounts of data, including everything from identifing faces and objects in photos to translating between languages, and they require more than just CPU power. And so Google built the Tensor Processing Unit, or TPU. Microsoft is using a processor called a field programmable gate array, or FPGA. Myriad companies employ machines equipped with vast numbers of graphics processing units, or GPUs. And they’re all looking at a new breed of chip that could accelerate AI from inside smartphones and other devices. Any choice these companies make matters, because their online operations are so vast. They buy and operate far more computer hardware than anyone else on Earth, a gap that will only widen with the continued importance of cloud computing.  If Google chooses one processor over another, it can fundamentally shift the chip industry. The TPU poses a threat to companies like Intel and nVidia because Google makes this chip itself. But GPUs also play an enormous role within Google and its ilk, and nVidia is the primary manufacturer of these specialized chips. Meanwhile, Intel has inserted itself into the mix by acquiring Altera, the company that sells all those FPGAs to Microsoft. At $16.7 billion, it was Intel’s largest acquisition ever, which underscores just how much the chip market is changing. First, Training. Then, Execution But sorting all this out is difficult—in part because neutral networks operate in two stages. The first is the training stage, where a company like Google trains the neural network to perform a given task, like recognizing faces in photos or translating from one language to another. The second is the execution stage, where people like you and me actually use the neural net—where we, say, post a photo of our high school reunion to Facebook and it automatically tags everyone in it. These two stages are quite different, and each requires a different style of processing. Today, GPUs are the best option for training. Chipmakers designed GPUs to render images for games and other highly graphical applications, but in recent years, companies like Google discovered these chips can also provide an energy-efficient means of juggling the mind-boggling array of calculations required to train a neural network. This means they can train more neural nets with less hardware. Microsoft AI researcher XD Huang calls GPUs “the real weapon.” Recently, his team completed a system that can recognize certain conversational speech as well as humans, and it took them about a year. Without GPUs, he says, it would have taken five. After Microsoft published a research paper on this system, he opened a bottle of champagne at the home of Jen-Hsun Huang, the CEO of nVidia. But companies also need chips that can rapidly execute neural networks, a process called inference. Google built the TPU specifically for this. Microsoft uses FPGAs. And Baidu is using GPUs, which aren’t as well suited to inference as they are to training, but can do the job with the right software in place. To the Smartphone At the same time, others are building chips to help execute neural networks on smartphones and other devices. IBM is building such a chip, though some wonder how effective it might be. And Intel has agreed to acquire Movidius, a company that is already pushing chips into devices. Intel understands that the market is changing. Four years ago, the chip maker told us it sells more server processors to Google than it sells to all but four other companies—so it sees firsthand how Google and its ilk can shift the chip market. As a result, it’s now placing bets everywhere. Beyond snapping up Altera and Movidius, it has agreed to buy a third AI chip company called Nervana. That makes sense, because the market is only starting to develop. “We’re now at the precipice of the next big wave of growth,” Intel vice president Jason Waxman recently told me, “and that’s going to be driven by artificial intelligence.” The question is where the wave will take us. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon google Intel microsoft NVIDIA Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 13 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 13 hours John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 1 day DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 9 hours The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 10 hours OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips Artificial Intelligence OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips 17 hours The Web-Shaking Mirai Botnet Is Splintering—But Also Evolving Lily Hay Newman The Web-Shaking Mirai Botnet Is Splintering—But Also Evolving 19 hours Sorry, Did You Say You Wanted More Force Awakens Deleted Scenes? Movies Sorry, Did You Say You Wanted More Force Awakens Deleted Scenes? 10 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 13 hours social media Twitter Is Adding New Filtering Tools in an Effort to Curb Abuse 17 hours Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Election 2016 How Pollsters Missed the ‘Bowling Alone’ Voters That Handed Trump the Presidency 19 hours Chips IBM Is Using Tiny Tubes to Grow the Chips of the Future 2 days consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 9 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours This stunning time-lapse captures a total solar eclipse in Norway: bit.ly/2eYcljC Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours This stunning time-lapse captures a total solar eclipse in Norway: bit.ly/2eYcljC Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 10:42 / GMT - 07:12 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Fri Oct 28, 2016 2:39 Apple Launches New MacBook Pro Laptop Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Apple launched the first new version of its MacBook Pro laptop in 18 months, with a new OLED touchscreen on the keyboard capable of inserting emoji into text, as well as updates to the rest of its laptop line. The new MacBook Pro is thinner, lighter and comes complete with fingerprint scanner. It also continues Apple’s rollout of USB-C, which began with the MacBook last year. It has two USB-C Thunderbolt 3 ports along each side – four in total – that are used for both power and connectivity. However, there are no standard USB type A ports, which are still regarded as the global standard, and are used by Apple for their Lightning cable , which comes with the company’s iPhones. The new laptop does not come with the SD card reader, HDMI port, the two Thunderbolt ports that doubled as a mini DisplayPorts, or the two USB-A ports that the last model did, so will require adapters to use existing accessories. It also lacks the MagSafe power adapter, instead relying on USB-C. It does have a 3.5mm headphone socket, however. The biggest change to the design of the machine is a new OLED touch panel above the standard keyboard, which replaces the multi-function “F” keys, and allows dynamic shortcuts to functions such as volume control and window management. Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing for Apple, said: “It’s a retina display, multitouch, responding to gestures and taps. We call it Touch Bar. First it replaces the standard system functions, but it goes way beyond that. It adapts to whatever software you’re using.” Craig Federighi, senior vice president of software engineering for Apple, showed that the Touch Bar could be used for navigation in browsers, photo manipulation and text suggestions when typing. It can also suggest and insert emojis without leaving the keyboard. The right end of the strip now contains Apple’s Touch ID fingerprint scanner integrated into the power button, which is similar to the one fitted to the iPhone and iPad and can be used to unlock the laptop and confirm payments. The new Force Touch trackpad is also twice the size of the old one. Apple said the new 13in MacBook Pro can be equipped with dual-core versions of the Intel i5 or i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, 256GB storage and Intel’s Iris 550 integrated graphics chip with 103% faster gaming performance and 76% faster video editing and 3D graphics performance than the previous version. But the new 15in MacBook Pro is by far the more powerful, with a quad-core version of Intel’s i7 processor, 16GB of RAM and 256GB of storage. It also comes with an AMD Radeon Pro 450 graphics chip that offers up to 4GB of video RAM, with 130% faster 3D graphics, 60% faster gaming and 57% faster video editing. Both models have up to 10 hours of battery life, Apple said. The new MacBook Pro will be for sale immediately, shipping in two to three weeks, with the 13in version costing $1,799 in the US and £1,749 in the UK and the 15in costing $2,399 in the UK and £2,349 in the UK. Apple is also making a lower specification 13in version without the Touch Bar, Touch ID and only two Thunderbolt ports costing $1,499 in the US and £1,449 in the UK, which will ship immediately. Apple has kept the 13in MacBook Air, but dropped the smaller 11in version. The company did not announce updates of its Mac Pro or iMac desktop computers. The new laptop, which has been favoured by those in the creative industry for years, is a key part of Apple’s Mac computer line, but has stood stagnant in recent times, seeing only small specifications increases since the introduction of the retina MacBook Pro in 2012. While a design and specification update will be welcomed, the dropping of ports and connectivity options has proved divisive in the past. USB-C is seen as the future of multi-purpose connections, but is still a new connector. It is primarily used by Android smartphones and tablets, but not with such accessories as external storage and cameras, two pieces of equipment that are often critical tools for creative professionals. The updates come at a time when Apple’s Mac shipments have seen three straight quarters of decline, culminating in a greater than 14% drop year-on-year in the last quarter. The decline follows Apple’s total sales of Macs growing by almost 6% in 2015, to which the launch of the new retina MacBook contributed. At the same time, total PC shipments shrank by 8% globally year-on-year in 2015 and 0.2% year-on-year in 2014, according to data from Gartner. Even Lenovo, the world’s largest PC manufacturer, has shown decreasing sales, down 3.1% in 2015 and down three straight quarters in 2016. Revenues from Apple’s Mac computers are now worth less than those of its services, such as the App Store and iTunes. The company will be hoping that the renewed laptops and computer will buoy sales and return the Mac line to second place behind the iPhone in total revenue contribution to Apple’s bottom line.         LATEST STORIES (10) American Students Join Anti-Trump Protests across US Eleven Killed, Wounded in Terrorists' Rocket Attack in Western Damascus Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas Syrian Army Discovers Terrorists' 700-Meter-Long Tunnel in Khan Al-Sheih Connecting Damascus to Quneitra Protests, Students Walkouts Mark Week after Trump's Win Yemen Water Crisis Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Operations against ISIL Terrorists West of Mosul Iraqi Forces Take Back Ancient City of Nimrud from ISIL Iraqi Popular Forces Safeguarding Peace in Newly Gained Territories near Mosul Police Violence during Anti-Trump Protests Iran and US: A Tale of Two Elections Supermoon in Iran's Sky Iran Eyeing NITC Listing in Int'l Stock Markets VP: World Admitting Iran's Constructive Role in Maintaining Regional Security Iraqi Interior Minister: Nearly 1,000 ISIL Terrorists Killed, Over 100 Captured in Mosul Operation American Students Join Anti-Trump Protests across US TEHRAN (FNA)- Protesters were not slowing down six days after Donald Trump's election, many of them high school students leaving class by the hundreds to carry signs and flags on the streets of several US cities. [VIDEO] Eleven Killed, Wounded in Terrorists' Rocket Attack in Western Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- Terrorists' rocket fire killed at least two and wounded 9 others in Al-Sumeria region in Western Damascus [PHOTOS] Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas TEHRAN (FNA)- Russian military personnel searched a chemical weapons workshop in the ‘1070 District’ of Southwest Aleppo on Monday. The Russian Defense Ministry said that the samples prove that militants used chlorine gas in their attacks. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Discovers Terrorists' 700-Meter-Long Tunnel in Khan Al-Sheih Connecting Damascus to Quneitra TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army troops discovered terrorists' 700-meter-long tunnel in Khan al-Sheih that has been used by the militants for transferring fighters and military supplies between Damascus and Quneitra provinces. [VIDEO] Protests, Students Walkouts Mark Week after Trump's Win TEHRAN (FNA)- Every day in the week since Donald Trump pulled off a stunning presidential election victory, protests have broken out across the country with demonstrators chanting, "Not my president" and "Love Trumps hate." [PHOTOS] Yemen Water Crisis TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi war in Yemen, which has claimed more than 12,000 lives, has caused a serious humanitarian crisis in a country that is already threatened by severe water scarcity. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Operations against ISIL Terrorists West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi volunteer forces in a statement announced that Hashd al-Shaabi continued its advances further on the second day of the third phase of the military operations in areas to the West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Iraqi Forces Take Back Ancient City of Nimrud from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's joint military forces took back the city of Nimrud in Northern Iraq from ISIL, but the terrorist group has ransacked and bulldozed many of its centuries-old archaeological sites. [VIDEO] Iraqi Popular Forces Safeguarding Peace in Newly Gained Territories near Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular forces are protecting the recently liberated villages and their people in Mosul region from possible attack by ISIL terrorists as they are also preparing for upcoming battles to purge ISIL from Iraq. [PHOTOS] Police Violence during Anti-Trump Protests TEHRAN (FNA)- Violence has broken out at anti-Trump rallies across America overnight as tens of thousands marched against the President-elect. [CARTOON] Iran and US: A Tale of Two Elections TEHRAN (FNA)- When media outlets in the West give their opinion, they are liberal. When media outlets in other parts of the world give their opinion, they are lackeys. Supermoon in Iran's Sky TEHRAN (FNA)- On Monday night, the moon was 30,000km closer to the Earth, offering an impressive spectacle to skygazers. [PHOTOS] Iran Eyeing NITC Listing in Int'l Stock Markets TEHRAN (FNA)- Managing Director of the National Iranian Tanker Company Sirous Kian-Ersi announced that his company is planning to enlist the NITC in the international bourse market. VP: World Admitting Iran's Constructive Role in Maintaining Regional Security TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian First Vice President Eshaq Jahangiri underlined that the world countries have acknowledged Iran's positive and constructive role in the establishment of peace and security in the region. Iraqi Interior Minister: Nearly 1,000 ISIL Terrorists Killed, Over 100 Captured in Mosul Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Interior Ministry Spokesman Sa'ad Ma'an announced that 955 ISIL terrorists have been killed and 108 others arrested during the Mosul Liberation Operation in the last fifve weeks. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
null
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Smart Home Science Space Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Viral Celebrities Reviews Wearable Tech Features Tech Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg New MacBook Pro vs. Surface Book: Battle Of The New Apple And Microsoft Devices 28 October 2016, 2:06 am EDT By Carl Velasco Tech Times Apple - Here's What You May Not KnowNow Playing Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing Apple has released the updated MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar, and Microsoft has also released the updated Surface Book. How do these devices fare in terms of features, display, battery life, pricing and more? Let's find out.  ( Apple ) Advertisement Apple unveiled two new MacBook Pro models today at its event in San Francisco, following a steady buildup of leaks pre-event. Not to be outdone, Microsoft also revealed an upgraded Surface Book earlier on Wednesday, and naturally, tech enthusiasts would more than be pleased to see the two flagships spar. Before you Apple and Microsoft loyalists drool on the new piece of technology from both companies, let's try to compare the new MacBook Pro and the Surface Book and determine which gadget packs more punch for its value. Processor, Graphics And Storage There are three models available for the MacBook Pro. There's the 13-inch model sans the new Touch Bar, a multi-touch OLED strip that replaces the F keys row on the top of the laptop's keyboard. There's also a 13-inch and 15-inch model that do come with the new Touch Bar. The base model comes with sixth-generation Intel 2.0 GHz Core i5, 8 GB of RAM and an SSD with 256 GB of internal storage. There's even an option to beef it all the way up to 3.3 GHz Core i7 with 16 GB of RAM and an SSD with 1 TB of storage. There's an integrated Intel Iris for the base 13-inch model, while there's a Radeon Pro for the 15-inch model. Microsoft's not offering larger screens, instead opting for a single model, the 13-inch Surface Book. It comes with a sixth-generation core i5 processor with 8 GB of RAM and an SSD with 128 GB of storage. The Surface Book with Performance Base can offer both Intel HD and Nvidia GTX 965M graphics. The Surface Book is available in a host of spec configurations. For an increased price, you can get a model with a separate graphics card, so graphics-intensive games won't hog the processor. A Core i7 model is also available, with options to bump the SSD storage up to 256 GB, 512 GB or 1 TB. Display And Touch Inputs The new MacBook Pro 13-inch model comes with a resolution of 2,560 x 1,600 and 2,880 x 1,800 for the 15-inch model. These don't hold a candle to the Surface Book's 3,000 x 2,000 resolution even with a small 13-inch screen. The Surface Book features a 10-point multi-touch touchscreen display that supports the pressure-sensitive Surface Pen. Have we mentioned that the Surface Book can flip its screen around and shift into a tablet mode? Well, it can. The new MacBook Pro doesn't have a touchscreen or a bendable hinge, but it does have the aforementioned multi-touch OLED strip and a larger trackpad. In the screen department, the Surface is the clear winner here because of its multi-touch display, tablet mode and better resolution than that of the MacBook's. Ports The MacBook has four ports, and not one of them is something you'd find on a traditional laptop. Yes, Apple has put two Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports in the base 13-inch MacBook Pro and four in the other two models, so good luck fumbling with the right adapters for your old USB devices. In the long run, maybe this is a good thing since USB-C is a versatile port for data transfers, battery charging and more. The Surface Book has two USB ports, a mini DisplayPort, an SD card reader and a charging port. While the newer MacBook Pro models are a step forward in innovation, Microsoft gets the point here for vast compatibility with traditional USB-enabled devices. Battery Life In terms of juice, the Surface Book appears to be the better opponent. Microsoft claims that you can squeeze 12 to 16 hours of battery life from the Surface Book, while Apple claims a much lesser 10-hour battery life in the newer MacBook Pro models. Pricing The 13-inch base MacBook Pro model starts at $1,499. Those with the Touch Bar will cost you $1,799 for the 13-inch and $2,399 for the 15-inch model. There's a much higher configuration for the 15-inch model, which comes with a 2.7 GHz Processor and 512 GB SSD, retailing for $2,799. The Surface Book starts at $1,349 and $2,399 for the beefier configuration. Conclusion Fans of the traditional USB port may find it hard to find something ultimately versatile about the new MacBook Pro. That said, it does still pack a punch in terms of specs, and the new Touch Bar does spell a tireless array of possibilities once developers start taking advantage of its functionality. For those of you who want to shell out more for Apple's new MacBook Pro, it still proves to be a nice investment despite the drawbacks because of the specs and the Touch Bar. Same thing with the Surface Book. In fact, these devices are both stellar even with the comparisons listed above, but if you want a touchscreen display and the versatility of a laptop that supports a tablet mode, then the Surface Book is a definite winner. TAG Microsoft, Apple, MacBook Pro 2016, surface book © 2016 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Apple Unveils 13- And 15-Inch MacBook Pros With New Touch Bar And Touch ID, Preorders Start Today MacBook Pro 2016: Everything We Know About The Magic Toolbar Microsoft Surface Book i7 Doubles Down On Graphics And Battery Life, But It's Substantially Pricier Microsoft Unveils The Surface Studio, Its $2,999 Ultra-Thin PC That Transforms From A Desktop Into A Tablet-Like Creative Space Apple Squashes Bugs, Improves Performance: watchOS 3.1, macOS Sierra 10.12.1 Released From Our Sponsor Eco-friendly Packaging On Demand Technology Changes The Way Retailers Think About Shipping Packages On-demand packaging can be eco-friendly as well as save costs. Now, who would have thought of that? Packsize did, and it's changing the business of shipping packages. SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Advertisement Most Popular 1 Microsoft Microsoft Black Friday 2016 Deals Revealed: $429 Off Surface Pro 4, $400 Off Surface Book, Lumia BOGO And More 2 Video Games Where To Buy The NES Classic Edition Now That It's Sold Out? Here Are Your Options 3 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Black Friday 2016: Best Surface Pro Deals With Big Discounts From Microsoft, Costco, Best Buy And More Advertisement 4 Wearable Tech Nike HyperAdapt 1.0 Self-Lacing Sneakers To Cost $720, Not $1,000: Dec. 1 Expected Release Date, Not Nov. 28 5 Apps/Software Google Daydream Running On Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge With Android 7.0 Nougat, Videos Show 6 Space Supermoon 2016: Here Are The Best Photos Of The Supermoon Snapped Around The World 7 Public Health Constipation Linked To Increased Risk For Kidney Disease: Ways To Prevent And Treat Constipation 8 Medicine Statin Use Can Help Lower Death Risk For Patients With Ankylosing Spondylitis And Psoriatic Arthritis: Study 9 Life & Style Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? 10 Earth/Environment Good News For Earth? New Study Reveals Flat Carbon Emission Levels In 3 Years EDITOR'S PICKS Nostradamus Predictions: Did The French Prophet Predict Donald Trump 2016 US Presidential Election Victory Would Lead To World War 3? iPhone 8 Rumors: Barclays Analysts Report iPhone 8 May Sport New Form Factor Samsung Launches Android 7.0 Nougat Galaxy Beta Program: Software Update Now Up For Testing By Galaxy S7 And S7 Edge Users Election Day 2016: Where Do I Vote Today, Predictions And How To Know Presidential Election Results Samsung Galaxy S8, S8 Plus And Galaxy Note 8 Model Numbers Leak: SM-G950, SM-G955 And SM-N950 LOOK: iPhone 7 Plus Explodes In China After Hitting The Ground How To See Supermoon November 2016: What Time Should You Look Up Dinosaur Rise More Gradual Than Previously Thought, Fossils Show NES Classic Hits Amazon At 2 P.M. Nov. 11, Here's How To Get Yours Life & Style More Life & Style Meet Charlotte, A Massive Huntsman Spider In Australia Freaking Out The Internet Math Abilities Are Not Innate: New Theory May Help In Identifying, Teaching Students With Math Learning Disabilities This Cat Has The Most Terrifying Reaction To His Human Dressing As A Cat Alien Hunters Spot Strange Fossilized Beast Resembling A Grizzly Bear On Mars: Here's What UFO Hunters And Skeptics Think Is The Robot Girlfriend in Calvin Harris’ New 'My Way' Video Really Taylor Swift? [Video] This Dog’s Reaction To Her Favorite Toy Come To Life Is The Happiest Video On The Internet Right Now Lady Gaga And James Corden’s ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Ride Goes Massively Viral, But Can She Beat Justin Bieber And Adele? [Video] Starbucks Secret Menu: What’s In The Franken Frappuccino Beverage Available This Halloween TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideos About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2016 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved. Top Stories From Tech Times Delivered To Your Inbox. No Thanks!
Home Reviews Articles Portfolios Buyer's Guide Gallery Forums User Reviews About Advertise Competitions DIWA Awards Links Newsletter RSS Feeds Search LATEST REVIEWS Sony Cyber-shot T77 Sony Cyber-shot T700 Sanyo HD2000 Autodesk Stitcher Panasonic DMC-FS25 Portraiture 2 Olympus E-30 Sony A900 Olympus SP-565 UZ Genuine Fractals 6 All Reviews Best Digital Cameras LATEST COMMENTS Sony A580 Hands-On Photos Date: Oct 14, 2016 Name: metal clamps Sony A6500 Hands-on Photos Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Xavier Munguia CorelDRAW Graphics Suite X8 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: NET Gate SPY Emergency Crack Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX10 Winner Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Carla Sony Cyber-shot DSC-QX10 Winner Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Best Android Photography app World Photo Educator’s Symposium Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Help Correct Plagiarism Replichrome III: Archive Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Bibliography Editing Canon EOS 7D 2.0.5 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: replica rolex Canon EOS 7D 2.0.5 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: replique montres Atomos Release AtomOS6.4 Date: Oct 13, 2016 Name: Google Allo Latest Threads MOST COMMENTS Panasonic DMC-LX1 Announced (796) Kodak Easyshare Z981 (514) Panasonic Lumix DMC-LX2 (481) Ricoh Caplio R3 Announced (422) Panasonic DMC-FZ30 Announced (361) Impossible B&W SX-70 Hard Color (293) Fujifilm Finepix E550 Review (264) Sony DSC-H5 and Sony DSC-H2 (242) Canon G7 (227) Samsung S800, Samsung S600 and Samsung S500 (209) ARCHIVES November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 Latest News Stories AFFILIATES Digital Photography Blog Digital Wedding Forum Everyday Eye Mark Goldstein Mobile Phones ShutterPoint   Apple Unveils New MacBook Pro Apple today introduced the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro ever, featuring a new Retina display supporting a wider colour gamut plus, on selected models, a Retina-quality Multi-Touch display called the Touch Bar. The Touch Bar places controls right at the user’s fingertips and adapts when using the system or apps like Adobe Photoshop or Apple's own Final Cut Pro. Additionally, the new MacBook Pro features an entirely new enclosure design and all-metal unibody construction. The 13" MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar starts at £1,449/$1,499, features a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships today. The 13" Touch Bar model starts at £1,749/$1,799, and boasts Touch ID functionality, a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. The Touch Bar-equipped 15" MacBook Pro starts at £2,349/$2,399, and features a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and will be available in two to three weeks. Apple Press Release Apple unveils groundbreaking new MacBook Pro Revolutionary Touch Bar, Breakthrough Performance in Apple’s Thinnest and Lightest Pro Design Ever The all-new MacBook Pro revolutionizes the notebook user experience. Cupertino, California — Apple today introduced the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro ever, along with a breakthrough interface that replaces the traditional row of function keys with a brilliant, Retina-quality Multi-Touch display called the Touch Bar. The new MacBook Pro features Apple’s brightest and most colorful Retina display yet, the security and convenience of Touch ID, a more responsive keyboard, a larger Force Touch trackpad and an audio system with double the dynamic range. It’s also the most powerful MacBook Pro ever, featuring sixth-generation quad-core and dual-core processors, up to 2.3 times the graphics performance over the previous generation, super-fast SSDs and up to four Thunderbolt 3 ports. The groundbreaking Touch Bar dynamically adapts to the application you’re using. The Touch Bar places controls right at the user’s fingertips and adapts when using the system or apps like Mail, Finder, Calendar, Numbers, GarageBand, Final Cut Pro X and many more, including third-party apps. For example, the Touch Bar can show Tabs and Favorites in Safari, enable easy access to emoji in Messages, provide a simple way to edit images or scrub through videos in Photos and so much more. The Touch Bar, a built-in Retina Multi-Touch display above the keyboard, was designed to boost creativity and productivity. “This week marks the 25th anniversary of Apple’s first notebook; through the years each generation has introduced new innovations and capabilities, and it’s fitting that this all-new generation of MacBook Pro is the biggest leap forward yet,” said Phil Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “With the groundbreaking new Touch Bar, the convenience of Touch ID, the best Mac display ever, powerful performance, improved audio, blazing-fast storage and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity in our thinnest and lightest pro notebook yet, the new MacBook Pro is the most advanced notebook ever made.” Thinnest and Lightest MacBook Pro Ever The lightest MacBook Pro ever also features a larger trackpad and the most responsive keyboard ever. Building on innovations pioneered in MacBook, the new MacBook Pro features an entirely new enclosure design and all-metal unibody construction that creates an incredibly rigid and dense notebook that is amazingly thin and light. At just 14.9 mm thin, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is 17 percent thinner and 23 percent less volume than the previous generation, and nearly half a pound lighter at just three pounds. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro, at just 15.5 mm thin, is 14 percent thinner and 20 percent less volume than before, and weighing just four pounds, is nearly half a pound lighter. Touch ID Comes to the Mac Touch ID enables quick and secure purchases with Apple Pay simply by reading your fingerprint. Integrated into the power button is the convenience and security of Touch ID, one of the great features customers have come to know and love from their iPhone and iPad. Once you enroll your fingerprint in Touch ID on your MacBook Pro, you can quickly unlock your Mac, switch user accounts and make secure purchases with Apple Pay on the web with a single touch. Touch ID enables a quick, accurate reading of your fingerprint and uses sophisticated algorithms to recognize and match it with the Secure Enclave in the new Apple T1 chip. Apple’s Brightest, Most Colorful Notebook Display MacBook Pro’s Retina display is brighter, thinner and supports wider color gamut, making it the best notebook display ever made. The best Mac display ever delivers images that are more vivid, reveal even greater detail and appear more lifelike than ever. As thin as a MacBook display at .88 mm, the Retina display on the new MacBook Pro at 500 nits of brightness, is an amazing 67 percent brighter than the previous generation, features 67 percent more contrast and is the first Mac notebook display to support wider color gamut. And with power-saving technologies like a larger pixel aperture, a variable refresh rate and more power-efficient LEDs, the display consumes 30 percent less energy than before. The Most Powerful MacBook Pro Yet Power up to 130 percent more graphics performance on the new 15-inch MacBook Pro. Powerful processors, cutting-edge graphics, blazing-fast SSDs, high-speed memory and an advanced thermal architecture deliver amazing pro-level performance in a dramatically thinner enclosure. Sixth-generation dual-core Core i5 with eDRAM, dual-core Core i7 with eDRAM and quad-core Core i7 Intel processors deliver pro-level processing performance while conserving energy. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro features powerful Radeon Pro discrete graphics delivering up to 2.3 times more performance than the previous generation; while the 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with Intel Iris Graphics that are up to two times faster than before. All models feature SSDs with sequential read speeds over 3GBps and Thunderbolt 3, which consolidates data transfer, charging and twice the video bandwidth in a single port — allowing users to drive a 5K display and power their MacBook Pro with a single cable. The new MacBook Pro is available in a 13-inch model and 13- and 15-inch models with the Touch Bar. The new MacBook Pro also offers: Much larger Force Touch trackpads — 46 percent larger on the 13-inch MacBook Pro and twice as large on the 15-inch MacBook Pro; More responsive and comfortable typing on the keyboard with a second-generation butterfly mechanism; Louder, more true-to-life sound through speakers with double the dynamic range and improved bass; macOS Sierra, the world’s most advanced desktop operating system, with new features like Siri integration, Universal Clipboard, Apple Pay on the web and Photos, which helps you rediscover your meaningful memories, organize your library and perfect shots like a pro. Pricing and Availability 13-Inch MacBook Pro Starts at $1,499 (US), features a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships today. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at Apple.com. 13-Inch MacBook Pro Starts at $1,799 (US), and features the revolutionary Touch Bar and Touch ID, a 2.9 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.3 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at Apple.com. 15-Inch MacBook Pro Starts at $2,399 (US), features the revolutionary Touch Bar and Touch ID, a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at Apple.com Published: Thursday, October 27, 2016 Compare Prices Support PhotographyBLOG: Buy this product from one of our affiliate retailers (US first/red, UK second/blue): Reader Comments Commenting is not available in this channel entry.   Discover a wide range of digital cameras at low prices. Buy cheap cameras from Sony and Canon. Share your photos thanks to digital photo frames. Varnam offers digital photo frame with built-in memory & battery. Flash Memory © Copyright 2003-2008 Photo 360 Limited Best Viewed at 1024x768 Screen Resolution
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Misses an Opportunity With Kaby Lake Chipzilla could have delivered more value with its upcoming desktop processors, but it didn't. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 27, 2016 at 8:29PM Early next year, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will release its seventh-generation Core processor family, formerly code-named Kaby Lake, for the desktop personal computer market -- a segment that Intel has said in the past generates more than $10 billion in revenue for the chipmaker.  An Intel executive holding a mobile-oriented seventh generation Core processor. Image source: Intel.  For those new to the story, Kaby Lake is essentially last year's Skylake processor (sixth-generation Core, in marketing speak) implemented in a new revision of Intel's 14-nanometer process with some very mild tweaks to the design to improve the performance and power consumption of video playback. For the low-power notebook market, Kaby Lake should deliver a nice boost in performance as a result of these enhancements. However, for the less-power-constrained desktop processor market -- particularly for more CPU-intensive tasks such as gaming -- these improvements (which will ultimately manifest themselves as slightly higher frequencies) are probably going to be underwhelming. If this were the best that Intel could do given the circumstances, then the company could get a pass. But it wasn't -- not by a long shot. Intel could have introduced higher-core-count models Next year, Intel is expected to release a processor family known as Coffee Lake for desktops. This, too, will be built on an enhanced 14-nanometer process (likely further enhanced from the 14-nanometer+ tech used to build the Kaby Lake processors), but with a couple of twists: Rather than recycle the same Skylake processor core again, Intel will be doing an implementation of its mildly enhanced version of Skylake, known as Cannon Lake, in that 14-nanometer process. Intel is expected to boost the processor core count in the top desktop Coffee Lake parts from four to six. The move to the Cannon Lake architecture should yield a roughly 5% improvement in performance at similar frequencies, but the real big bang (at the very least, from a marketing/public perception perspective) should be in the increase in maximum core count from four to six. Although it's nice that Intel is doing this with Coffee Lake, the company could have -- and should have -- introduced higher core counts with the imminent Kaby Lake processors. The additional cores at the top of the product stack would have allowed Intel to increase the core/thread counts across its desktop product stack, potentially spurring upgrade activity (particularly among gamers and PC enthusiasts). Why didn't Intel build six core Kaby Lake processors? Although I don't agree with Intel's decision to hold off on a six-core desktop/high-performance notebook processor until the first half of 2018, there must have been some rationale behind this decision. An obvious explanation that comes to mind is simply cost structure. If Intel decided to, say, replace quad-core parts with hex-core parts, and dual-core parts with quad-core parts across the product stack, then the average silicon die size would go up across the board. The increase in die size (which would drive an increase in product manufacturing costs) could lead to lower product margins if the company simply winds up selling more features/silicon at the same price points as before. However, what Intel could have done is to introduced a hex-core part as a sort of premium desktop chip that sits on top of the fastest quad-core in the company's product stack. Intel could conceivably charge even more for such a part, not only alleviating the potential cost structure problem (the more-expensive-to-build chip would simply be more expensive), but potentially boosting its product average selling prices. Another potential explanation, then, is that Intel simply didn't want to dedicate the engineering resources to building a separate hex-core chip for this market until recently. Given Intel's gargantuan research-and-development budget, this explanation might not seem likely. However, since the previous general manager of Intel's client computing group outright admitted that Intel skipped out on doing an entire generation of desktop processors to save some research and development dollars (something that, to this day, blows my mind), anything is possible. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 8:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't make your computer much faster Analysis: Intel's seventh-generation Core processors are here -- but they're not a significant upgrade. Nick Knupffer Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't make your computer much faster 0 Share: Laptops by Sean Hollister October 27, 2016 6:03 PM PDT @starfire2258 Up Next Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Intel turns to Overwatch to show off seventh-generation core Intel's CEO put his company's new core processor to the test on stage by playing Overwatch. 0:57 Close Drag Apple's new MacBook Pro is an eye-catching new computer. So are Microsoft's new Surface Studio and upgraded Surface Book. But none of them use Intel's latest processors. Is that a big deal? Not as much as you'd think. Here's our explainer from August on what "Kaby Lake" really means for your next PC. Original story published August 17: The clock has stopped. The chips are down. Intel's seventh-gen Core processors, codename Kaby Lake, are now official -- but they aren't as big an upgrade as you'd expect from Intel. Sure, they're a little bit faster and a little bit more power-efficient. But the best thing about Intel new CPUs might actually be this: the deals you'll find on PCs with last year's chips. Here's why Kaby Lake isn't such a big deal. What's a Kaby Lake? Intel's seventh-generation Core processors, the latest and greatest CPUs the company has to offer. They're the successor to Intel's sixth-gen "Skylake" processors from 2015. But Kaby Lake isn't a true successor to Skylake. It's more like Skylake+. Usually, Intel creates a powerful new processor architecture, then the following year shrinks down the circuits for better efficiency. (Intel, much like Ke$ha, is industry-famous for that "Tick-Tock" product cycle.) Enlarge Image Kaby Lake isn't huge. It's about twice the size of California's Lake Tahoe -- a popular vacation spot for Silicon Valley residents. Photo by Google Maps But Kaby Lake doesn't do either of those things. The circuits are the same 14 nanometer size as Intel's earlier Skylake and Broadwell chips, and it's not a new architecture either. Intel had been trying to shrink down to 10nm with a processor called Cannonlake, but those chips were delayed. So for now, we're stuck at Tock. No, really, what's a Kaby Lake? Is "Kaby" a kind of fish? Oh. No, it appears to be an actual lake in Canada. Maybe the CEO enjoys hunting moose in his spare time? Is Kaby Lake any better than my existing computer processor? Intel thinks so! The company says its thin laptop chips are 12 percent faster than Skylake in raw performance, and far more efficient at decoding 4K video. In fact, Intel claims you could get 3 more hours of battery life while streaming YouTube 4K videos (7 vs. 4 hours) compared to last year's chips. And for gamers, the company even showed an incredibly thin laptop playing fast-paced shooter Overwatch reasonably well. That sounds great, no? Sure -- until you take a hard look at how Intel generated those numbers. It's not too surprising that Intel's Kaby Lake CPU ran 12 percent faster than the comparable Skylake -- because the new chip is clocked 12 percent faster anyhow! Which could be a problem, because faster clock speeds tend to generate more heat and consume more battery as well. Enlarge Image Intel shows performance gains of 12 percent. Perhaps it's because the chip is working 12 percent harder? Photo by Intel And while Intel's battery life numbers for 4K video are hard to ignore, Intel tells me that battery life should be "similar" -- not necessarily better than Skylake -- across other kinds of workloads. We could easily be in a situation like Intel's Broadwell vs. Haswell, where the company claimed better performance with the same battery life, but devices actually consumed a bit more battery in real-world use. I'm optimistic, though, and we'll need to test for sure. What about the gaming performance? I wouldn't get too excited just yet. We took a closer look at Overwatch on a Dell XPS 13 with the new Intel chip, and it ran pretty smooth...but with a few caveats. Judge for yourself: Also note that Intel may still have some more powerful graphics in the near future: we haven't yet seen how far the company's souped-up Intel Iris graphics have come. Are there any sleek new laptops or tablets coming with Kaby Lake, at least? Sure! Feast your eyes on the new Acer Swift 7: 9 An early look at the ultra-thin Acer Swift 7 laptop We also saw a sleek HP Spectre with a new OLED panel, a refreshed Dell XPS 13, and a 6.9mm-thick Asus detachable tablet -- the Asus T305 -- with a fingerprint reader built right into the power button. Intel says there'll be over 100 different slim computers with Kaby Lake chips by the end of the year. When will Kaby Lake start showing up in new PCs? Enlarge Image Intel CVP Navin Shenoy holds up a Kaby Lake chip. Photo by Sean Hollister/CNET Well, that's the other thing...we'll see the first Kaby Lake computers in September and October, but only the types of chips that go into thin laptops and tablets. Quad-core laptop chips (like you'd find in a MacBook Pro), laptop chips with Iris graphics, business-class laptop chips with vPro and desktop chips won't appear until early next year. On the plus side, rumor has it you won't need a new motherboard for Kaby Lake desktop chips. They'll allegedly use the same LGA1151 socket as their Skylake predecessors. Will they appear in the new MacBook Pro? Depends on Apple (and Intel), but there's a decent chance they won't. Apple typically uses the most powerful Intel laptop processors available -- the 28-watt ones with better Intel graphics -- and again, Intel says they won't be ready until early next year. That's not nearly enough time to get them ready for Apple's September 7 event. However, Bloomberg reports that Apple won't refresh the Macs until later this year, and it wouldn't be the first time Intel has given chips to Apple ahead of schedule. And if Apple decides to refresh the MacBook Air -- another Bloomberg rumor -- those thinner Intel laptop chips are now ready. Update, October 27: Apple isn't using them. Everything you need to know about the major MacBook Pro upgrade After 4 plus years we'll finally see an all new MacBook Pro laptop. We could see the Apple Watch 2 and an updated first-gen Apple Watch this year. New iPhone 7 details, plus Apple TV is now looking to be a TV Guide. Yikes. by Brian Tong 5:59 Close Drag Should I wait to buy a new PC or Mac until Kaby Lake is available? It definitely couldn't hurt. It's usually better to get the latest and greatest if you can afford it -- and Kaby Lake definitely sounds better if you watch 4K video. But as I've outlined above, most PCs probably won't get a big boost to performance or battery life with Kaby Lake silicon. The real reason to wait: you'll almost certainly find some excellent discounts on Skylake computers once Kaby Lake hits the market. What about AMD's Zen? The Intel rival's new built-from-the-ground-up chips sound promising, but you won't be able to drop one into a desktop till 2017. AMD's new laptop chips will take even longer -- expect them in the second half of next year. How will I tell Kaby Lake apart from previous processors when I'm computer shopping? In one important way, Intel's making it easier than ever before: it'll say "7th gen" right on the familiar Intel sticker you'll find on the palmrest of a new laptop. It's a change we've been asking for. Enlarge Image The new "7th-gen" Intel Core branding scheme. Photo by Intel Unfortunately, Intel also made another change that could prove even more confusing. Ever heard of Core M, Intel's line of ultra-low-power 4.5-watt processors for incredibly thin, fanless PCs? As of now, the company's Core m5 and Core m7 processors are part of the Core i5 and Core i7 family, respectively. That means if you purchase a laptop with a "Core i7" label, it may not offer nearly the same sustained performance as a Core i7 machine from last year. Of course, a thin laptop's Core i7 chip already wasn't as powerful as a thick laptop's Core i7 chip, and neither were as powerful as a Core i7 desktop chip, so perhaps we're just continuing that trend. These days, it's really the size of your PC that indicates its potential performance. Besides, you can still tell the M chips apart if you look at the full model number. If you see a Y (e.g. Core i7-7Y75), it's one of the lower-performance processors. I like specs and codenames. Which processors are actually being announced today? Only six: Intel Core i7-7500U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.7GHz base, 3.5GHz turbo) Intel Core i5-7200U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.5GHz base, 3.1GHz turbo) Intel Core i3-7100U (15W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 2.4GHz, no turbo) Intel Core i7-7Y75 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.3GHz base, 3.6GHz turbo) Intel Core i5-7Y54 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.2GHz base, 3.2GHz turbo) Intel Core m3-7Y30 (4.5W, 2 cores, 4 threads, 1.0GHz base, 2.6GHz turbo) Is Moore's Law dead? How could you possibly suggest such a thing? We're simply waiting for the clock's second hand to remember how to tick. Tags Laptops Processors Intel Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals Is the new MacBook Pro a must have? (The 3:59, Ep. 140) 7 ways to keep your MacBook from overheating Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: Why Intel's new Kaby Lake processors won't... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Does the internet have a fake-news problem? CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 28 October 2016 | MYT 8:30 AM Apple launches new MacBook Pro models by tan kit hoong New notebooks: The new MacBook Pros come in 13in and 15in versions with Retina displays. As expected, Apple's Hello Again event raised the curtains on a new MacBook Pro lineup. The biggest change in the new MacBook Pros (which come in 13in and 15in versions) is a new Touch Bar which is small display strip above the keyboard which shows you contextual icons, such as volume controls, word suggestions and even emojis. However that's not all the Touch Bar does – with certain apps it also takes over some of the features of the trackpad to allow you to say, have more fine control over the rotation of images, something which is done better on the Touch Bar because of its extended length compared to the Trackpad. The Touch Bar shows contextual icons and functions depending on the application you're running. The Touch Bar also integrates a Touch ID fingerprint sensor similar to the one on the iPhone so you can authenticate purchases and login using your finger. Not all the models have the Touch Bar, however – the lower-end model of the 13in MacBook Pro will have a regular row of function keys. True to the normal Apple style, the company has slimmed down the casing – the MacBook Pros are how up to 17% thinner than the previous model – and also upped the specifications by including the latest Intel processors, faster graphics and a new Retina display that's brighter, higher contrast and with a wider colour gamut than before. Graphics-wise the 13in models feature the latest Intel Skylake Core i5 processors  – the more basic non-Touch Bar version uses Intel's Iris Graphics 540 GPU while the 13in model with all the new features uses Intel's Iris Graphics 550 GPU. The 15in model features a more powerful AMD Radeon Pro 450 GPU, so this is the model you want if you're doing some graphically-intensive editing of photos or videos. There are up to four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports on the new MacBooks. Notice that Apple has retained the 3.5mm headphone port. In terms of ports, Apple has done away with its classic MagSafe connector – the MacBooks now feature up to four Thunderbolt 3 ports on either side which also serve as charging ports so you can plug the charger into any of these ports to charge the MacBook. The Thunderbolt 3 ports are fully compatible with USB-C standard, so any USB-C device can be plugged into the Thunderbolt 3 port – there are no more full-sized USB ports on the new MacBooks, although an adapter will give you these ports if you need them. Unfortunately, Apple has also done away with most of the other ports so there's no HDMI output port or DisplayPort and no SD card reader slot -- if you need any of these ports it's available with a dongle that plugs into the Thunderbolt port. Surprise – unlike the iPhone 7, though, there is a headphone port so you can still plug in your regular wired headphones into the MacBook. Other notable changes – the trackpad is now larger and reportedly supports a number of new gestures and the solid-state drives (SSDs)  are now up to 100 times faster than the last generation MacBook which should translate to significantly more snappy performance overall. The new MacBook Pros are available to order right now on the Apple Malaysia site – the non-Touch Bar 13in version starts at RM6,299, while the 13in model with Touch Bar starts at RM7,599 and the 15in Touch Bar model starts at a whopping RM10,199. The Apple Malaysia website lists them all shipping in six to eight weeks. You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Second half brilliance lifts Brazil over plucky Peru Philippines' Duterte says trusts Trump to be fair on immigration MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Make perfect copies of old photos with PhotoScan US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Most Viewed in Tech GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Best smartphones for the holidays Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Misses an Opportunity With Kaby Lake Chipzilla could have delivered more value with its upcoming desktop processors, but it didn't. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 27, 2016 at 8:29PM Early next year, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will release its seventh-generation Core processor family, formerly code-named Kaby Lake, for the desktop personal computer market -- a segment that Intel has said in the past generates more than $10 billion in revenue for the chipmaker.  An Intel executive holding a mobile-oriented seventh generation Core processor. Image source: Intel.  For those new to the story, Kaby Lake is essentially last year's Skylake processor (sixth-generation Core, in marketing speak) implemented in a new revision of Intel's 14-nanometer process with some very mild tweaks to the design to improve the performance and power consumption of video playback. For the low-power notebook market, Kaby Lake should deliver a nice boost in performance as a result of these enhancements. However, for the less-power-constrained desktop processor market -- particularly for more CPU-intensive tasks such as gaming -- these improvements (which will ultimately manifest themselves as slightly higher frequencies) are probably going to be underwhelming. If this were the best that Intel could do given the circumstances, then the company could get a pass. But it wasn't -- not by a long shot. Intel could have introduced higher-core-count models Next year, Intel is expected to release a processor family known as Coffee Lake for desktops. This, too, will be built on an enhanced 14-nanometer process (likely further enhanced from the 14-nanometer+ tech used to build the Kaby Lake processors), but with a couple of twists: Rather than recycle the same Skylake processor core again, Intel will be doing an implementation of its mildly enhanced version of Skylake, known as Cannon Lake, in that 14-nanometer process. Intel is expected to boost the processor core count in the top desktop Coffee Lake parts from four to six. The move to the Cannon Lake architecture should yield a roughly 5% improvement in performance at similar frequencies, but the real big bang (at the very least, from a marketing/public perception perspective) should be in the increase in maximum core count from four to six. Although it's nice that Intel is doing this with Coffee Lake, the company could have -- and should have -- introduced higher core counts with the imminent Kaby Lake processors. The additional cores at the top of the product stack would have allowed Intel to increase the core/thread counts across its desktop product stack, potentially spurring upgrade activity (particularly among gamers and PC enthusiasts). Why didn't Intel build six core Kaby Lake processors? Although I don't agree with Intel's decision to hold off on a six-core desktop/high-performance notebook processor until the first half of 2018, there must have been some rationale behind this decision. An obvious explanation that comes to mind is simply cost structure. If Intel decided to, say, replace quad-core parts with hex-core parts, and dual-core parts with quad-core parts across the product stack, then the average silicon die size would go up across the board. The increase in die size (which would drive an increase in product manufacturing costs) could lead to lower product margins if the company simply winds up selling more features/silicon at the same price points as before. However, what Intel could have done is to introduced a hex-core part as a sort of premium desktop chip that sits on top of the fastest quad-core in the company's product stack. Intel could conceivably charge even more for such a part, not only alleviating the potential cost structure problem (the more-expensive-to-build chip would simply be more expensive), but potentially boosting its product average selling prices. Another potential explanation, then, is that Intel simply didn't want to dedicate the engineering resources to building a separate hex-core chip for this market until recently. Given Intel's gargantuan research-and-development budget, this explanation might not seem likely. However, since the previous general manager of Intel's client computing group outright admitted that Intel skipped out on doing an entire generation of desktop processors to save some research and development dollars (something that, to this day, blows my mind), anything is possible. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 8:29PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 27 AAPL: 114.48 -1.11 Comparison: Here’s how Apple’s current MacBook lineup looks in terms of specs & price Chance Miller - 3 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller Feature MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit After what felt like an incredibly long wait, Apple today officially unveiled its new MacBook lineup. While Apple was once known for simplicity, its latest MacBook lineup is just a tad confusing. In addition to new MacBook Pros with the oft-rumored Touch Bar, Apple also introduced a new 13-inch MacBook Pro and killed off the 11-inch model of the MacBook Air. Head below as we breakdown price points, specs, and more across Apple’s MacBook lineup… MacBook Air As expected, Apple today officially killed the 11-inch MacBook Air model. This means that, to get your foot in the door with a MacBook, your cheapest option is the entry-level MacBook Air, which comes in at $999. Here’s how the models breakdown: Size:  2.96 pounds .68 inches thick at thicket point Display 13.3-inch 1440 x 900 One 3840 x 2160 external display $999 MacBook Air 1.6GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 2.7GHz Intel HD Graphics 6000 8GB memory 128GB PCIe-based flash storage $1199 MacBook Air 1.6GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 2.7GHz Intel HD Graphics 6000 8GB memory 256GB PCIe-based flash storage Build-to-order upgrades: +$150 for bump to 2.2GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor (either tier) +$200 for increase to 512GB storage ($1199 tier only) This means that the cheapest MacBook on the market is now the 13-inch MacBook Air. Previously, you could get an 11-inch MacBook Air for $899. Entry level price – $999 Max-out price – $1549 12-inch MacBook Apple’s 12-inch MacBook went untouched during today’s event, which was to be expected seeing that it was updated already earlier this year. Nevertheless, the models start at $1299: Size:  2.03 pounds .51 inches thick at thickest point Display 12-inch 2304 x 1440 Supports one 3840 x 2160 external display at 30Hz $1299 MacBook  256GB PCIe-based onboard flash storage1 1.1GHz dual-core Intel Core m3 processor Turbo Boost up to 2.2GHz 8GB memory Intel HD Graphics 515 $1599 MacBook 512GB PCIe-based onboard flash storage1 1.2GHz dual-core Intel Core m5 processor Turbo Boost up to 2.7GHz 8GB memory Intel HD Graphics 515 Apple’s 12-inch MacBook lineup is relatively simple in comparison to its others, but you’re still paying a premium for that ultra-slim design. Some have questioned that the new 13-inch MacBook Pro might be a better and more reasonable option… 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar Somewhat interestingly, Apple is offering a 13-inch MacBook Pro with the new, slimmer design but without the Touch Bar technology. Presumably, Apple is doing this in order to offer budget-focused customers a somewhat more affordable machine that still offers modern specs. Size 3.02 pounds .59-inches thick Display 13.3-inch 2560 x 1600 Supports one 5K external display or two simultaneous 4K internal displays $1499 MacBook Pro 2.0GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 3.1GHz 8GB 1866MHz memory 256GB PCIe-based SSD Intel Iris Graphics 540 Backlit Keyboard (English) & User’s Guide Two Thunderbolt 3 ports Build-to-order upgrades + $300 for 2.4GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.4GHz + $200 for 16GB RAM + $200 for 512GB SSD or $600 for 1TB SSD The 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar offers a more affordable option for budget-focused consumers, but it can get pricey quickly depending on the upgrades you make. Entry level price: $1499 Max-out price: $2599 13-inch MacBook Pro (2015) Sticking around is the last-generation MacBook Pro at its same price point. This model offers the most affordable way to get a MacBook with the “Pro” moniker. $1299 MacBook Pro 2.7GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 3.1GHz 8GB 1866MHz memory 128GB PCIe-based SSD Intel Iris Graphics 6100 Backlit Keyboard (English) & User’s Guide Two Thunderbolt 2 ports Build-to-order upgrades + $100 for 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz + $200 for 3.1GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.4GHz + $200 for 16GB of RAM + $200 for 256GB SSD + $400 for 512GB SSD + $800 for 1TB SSD Like most of the Mac lineup, the price gets more pricey as you add more specs… Entry level price – $1299 Max out price – $2599 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar The star of the show is without a doubt the new MacBook Pros with Touch Bar. The Touch Bar replaces the transitional function row keys in favor of a new touchscreen that displays commonly used quick actions. Apple’s MacBook Pros are pricier than last time, though, so you’re certainly paying for that Touch Bar: Size 3.02 pounds .59-inches thick Display 13.3-inch 2560 x 1600 Supports one 5K external display or two simultaneous 4K internal displays $1799 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz 8GB 2133MHz memory 256GB PCIe-based SSD1 Intel Iris Graphics 550 Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch Bar and Touch ID Build-to-order upgrades + $100 for 3.1GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.5GHz + $200 for 3.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz + $200 for 16GB RAM $1999 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor Turbo Boost up to 3.3GHz 8GB 2133MHz memory 512GB PCIe-based SSD Intel Iris Graphics 550 Backlit Keyboard (English) & User’s Guide Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch Bar and Touch ID Build-to-order upgrades + $100 for 3.1GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.5GHz + $200 for 3.3GHz dual-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz + $200 for 16GB RAM + $400 for 1TB SSD You’re certainly paying for the Touch Bar and for storage with the 13-inch MacBook Pro, but it packs a lot of punch for its size and is Apple’s most powerful 13-inch option. Entry level price: $1799 Max-out price: $2899 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar The 15-inch MacBook Pro is the same story as the 13-inch model, but its larger size gets you dedicated graphics and more power overall, but also a higher price. Size 4.02 pounds .61 inches thick Display 15.4-inch 2880 x 1800 display Supports up to two 5K displays simultaneously or four 4K displays $2399 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar 2.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor Turbo Boost up to 3.5GHz 16GB 2133MHz memory 256GB PCIe-based SSD1 Radeon Pro 450 with 2GB memory Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch Bar and Touch ID Build-to-order upgrades: + $300 for 2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz + $200 for 512GB SSD + $600 for 1TB SSD + $1400 for 2TB SSD + $200 for Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB memory $2799 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar 2.7GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz 16GB 2133MHz memory 512GB PCIe-based SSD1 Radeon Pro 455 with 2GB memory Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch Bar and Touch ID Build-to-order upgrades: + $200 for 2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz + $400 for 1TB SSD + $1200 for 2TB SSD + $100 for Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB memory The 15-inch MacBook Pro quickly becomes one of the most powerful laptops you can get on the market, but as you can see, it also quickly becomes one of the most expensive laptops on the market. Entry level price: $2399 Max-out price: $4299 Wrap up Apple’s new MacBook lineup is certainly more complex than it has been in a while, but there seems to be something that pleases everyone. Unless, of course, you’re looking for a machine under $1000, which is only available in the 13-inch MacBook Air at this point. Nevertheless, the new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros take design cues from the 12-inch model, add the Touch Bar, and add some serious power on the inside. It gets pricey fast, but you get a decent amount of power for that price. What MacBook did you buy today? Let us know in our poll here. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News Laptops Apple's new MacBook Pro powered by AMD Polaris GPU Apple's new MacBook Pro announced, 15-inch model rocks AMD's new Radeon Pro graphics GPU By: Anthony Garreffa | Laptops News | Posted: Oct 27, 2016 11:37 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple has unveiled their new refreshed line of MacBook Pro laptops, with two new 13-inch models and a single higher-end 15-inch model that rocks Radeon Pro 450 graphics from AMD.     The lower-end 13-inch MBP features a dual-core Intel Core i5 processor at 2GHz, 8GB of RAM, 256GB SSD, 2 x Thunderbolt 3 ports and Intel Iris Graphics 540 - but it's the higher-end 13-inch MBP where the fun begins.     Specs, Including AMD Radeon Pro Graphics     Apple has refreshed its MacBook Pro line up with some slightly beefier hardware, with Apple noting the new display on the MacBook Pro is 67% brighter, 67% higher contrast, and has 25% more colors than the MacBook.   The higher-end 15-inch MBP features a quad-core processor from Intel in the form of a Core i7 CPU, with 16GB of 2133MHz RAM, an SSD up to 2TB, and AMD's new Radeon Pro 450 GPU. The new 15-inch MBP will be much faster than its predecessor, with a 130% jump over the 3D graphics specs compared to its predecessor.   Apple's higher-end 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models come with 4 x Thunderbolt 3 ports, with two on each side - but all of them support USB-C, so you'll be fine. There is no SD card reader, which might leave some people (myself included) a little upset.   The 13-inch MBP is also much thinner, coming in at just 14.9mm thick compared to the older model which is much thicker, at 18mm.     Touch Bar + Touch ID     Apple's higher-end 13-inch MacBook Pro rocks the new Touch Bar and Touch ID features, with the Touch Bar at the top of the MBP being the big OLED strip we've been hearing rumors about for months. The Touch Bar responds to both gestures and taps, with Apple noting that it will work in specific software like Safari - where your bookmarks and a back button will be displayed. If you're using iPhoto, then you'll have buttons to help flip through your pictures and edit them.     Fingerprint security is now a thing with the MacBook Pro, with Apple including a Touch ID sensor in the Touch Bar, which is in the far right-hand side where the power button used to reside.   BGR notes that the new Touch Bar can serve as a "handy autocorrect tool", so if you're like me and live inside of Word, emails, or right now - inside of Chrome writing this content, the Touch Bar will really help your workflow. You can even throw in some emojis from the Touch Bar, which is a nice addition.     Battery Life & macOS Sierra   Apple noted that the new MacBook Pro rocks the latest OS from the company, macOS Sierra, which should provide around 10 hours of battery life.   Pricing & Availability   13-inch MacBook Pro - $1499 13-inch MacBook Pro (Touch Bar/Touch ID) - $1799 15-inch MacBook Pro (Touch Bar/Touch ID) - $2399   Apple will begin taking orders of the new MacBook Pro models this week, with the two Touch Bar-capable models to start shipping in the next 2-3 weeks. NEWS SOURCES:Bgr.com Recommended for You The new MacBook Pro has $250+ worth of optional dongles... Samsung outs its new Chromebook Pro premium laptop Apple's next-gen MacBook Pro expected mid-October Dell's refreshed XPS 13 powered by Kaby Lake CPUs >> NEXT STORY: Twitter kills Vine app, web version still available << PREVIOUS STORY: Titanfall 2 for PC, up to 20% off for Friday's release Related Tags AMD Apple Intel AMD Radeon AMD Radeon Pro graphics MacBook Pro Apple AMD Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Can Dell’s best all-in-one challenge… Can Dell’s best all-in-one challenge Microsoft’s new Surface Studio? By Dallon Adams — October 27, 2016 4:03 PM Subscribe to this topic Get our daily Tech News recap Mentioned here Dell XPS One 27 MSRP $0.00 DT Recommended Product Learn More After much anticipation, Microsoft has finally unveiled the Surface Studio at a press event in New York City. This all-in-one unit adds a unique, top-of-the-line desktop model to the existing Surface lineup. It’s a great option for group collaborations and creative professionals, particularly because it comes outfitted with a 28-inch display that touts 4,500 x 3,000-pixel resolution and the ability to lie nearly flat. It might showcase a hefty price tag and pack last-gen innards — Nvidia GTX 965M, anyone? — but it’s still a gorgeous machine built with design enthusiasts in mind. That being the case, how does it stack up against other desktop models, specifically the XPS 27 All-in-One? Related: Microsoft unveils pricey but powerful Surface Book update, Surface Studio at NY event Specs Surface Studio   XPS 27 all-in-one Display & Dimensions 28-inch PixelSense touch 27-inch IPS LED touch Processor  6th-gen Core i5 or i7 4th Generation Intel Core i5 or i7 Operating System  Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Home GPU Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M 2GB or 980M 4GB Intel HD Graphics without TPM or 2GB Nvidia GeForce GT750M RAM  8GB, 16GB, or 32GB  8GB, 1600MHz, DDR3 up to 16GB Hard drive  1TB or 2TB hard drive 2TB 7200 rpm SATA 6Gb/s Hard Drive + 64GB mSATA Solid State Drive Ports USB 3.0 (x4), Mini Displayport, ethernet, SD card reader USB 3.0 (x6), HDMI, gigabit ethernet, 8-in-1 card reader Wireless 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, Xbox Wireless built-in  802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Cameras 5.0MP front-facing 1080p with Windows Hello support Intel RealSense Camera with Windows Hello support Speakers Stereo 2.1 with Dolby Audio Premium Waves Maxx Audio Microphones Dual microphones  Dual microphones Price $2,999  $2,299 Availability Microsoft Dell DT review Hands-on 4.5 out of 5 stars The Surface Studio can be equipped with up to a Core i7 quad-core processor and the Nvidia GTX 980M GPU. These performance specs may not necessarily jump off the page, however, when compared to the 4th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 processor and a 2GB Nvidia GeForce GT750M in the XPS 27, the Surface Studio exists in a separate tier all together. The Surface Studio also touts superior RAM — 32GB opposed to the maximum 16GB in the XPS 27. The Surface Studio is a more capable machine when it comes to performance, even if it’s still utilizing last-gen hardware. Graphic designers and other creative types should have little trouble with their projects. Display The new Surface Studio incorporates a crisp, 28-inch Pixel Sense touch display. With 4,500 x 3,000-pixel resolution and 192 pixels per inch, images should be more vivid and vibrant than anything on the XPS 27. The smaller, 27-inch IPS LED touch display on the latter machine touts a mere 2,560 x 1,440-pixel resolution and 109 ppi, which makes it look dated in comparison. Moreover, the Surface Studio can also instantly switch colors spaces with a simple toggle in the notification pane, something that will surely appeal to photographers and graphic artists alike. The XPS 27 offers no such feature. Design The Surface Studio uses an innovative “Zero Gravity Hinge,” allowing users to effortlessly switch the device from the upright Desktop Mode into a Studio Mode that renders the device nearly flat. When positioned in Studio Mode, the device locks into place at a 20-degree angle for a more natural, hands-on drafting experience. This allows designers to use the Surface Pen and the new Surface Dial more organically. That brings us to one of the key features of the Surface Studio unveiling: the Surface Dial. The Surface Dial looks like a a rather innocuous matte puck. However, the tool is actually a touch-sensitive wireless dial you can place on your display or desk, letting you scroll through and adjust an amalgam of settings with a simple rotation. In preliminary demos, Microsoft showcased the ability to use the Surface Dial directly on the screen in conjunction with several design apps, which allowed the user to tweak color palettes, line thickness, a host of other image facets. With a thick, boxy exterior and hulking plastic accents, the overall design of the XPS 27 is less to behold than that of the Surface Studio. Similarly, the XPS 27 may be less useful to graphic designers than the Surface Studio, but the XPS 27 is still quite capable for other tasks. There’s no sexy hinge, nor will you be able to “dial-in” so to speak, but the XPS 27 still utilizes the touch-enabled display to its advantage. Availability and pricing The base-model of the Surface Studio starts at $2,999, and comes with a Core i5 processor, GTX 965M, 8GB RAM, and a 1TB hard drive. An additional $500 will allow you to upgrade to a Core i7 CPU and 16GB of RAM. The top-of -the-line model includes a GTX 980M, 32GB RAM, and a 2TB hard drive for $4,199. You can pre-order the Surface Studio now, but it won’t ship until December 15. With the XPS 27, a modest $2,299 will net you the top-of-the-line Dell XPS 27 Touch model, which comes with a 4th-gen  i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, and a 2TB hard drive for $2,299. Conclusion Until the unveiling of the Surface Studio, Microsoft had decided to only focus its “Surface” revolution on tablet options. The Surface Studio, however, looks to merge the desktop with the company’s existing lineup of Surface products. We could be looking at an epic clash of titans down the road as Microsoft appears to take aim at the iMac with this unique, desktop conversion. When it comes to the comparison between the Surface Studio and the XPS 27, though, it’s almost more of a juxtaposition rather than a fair technological comparison. The Surface Studio is simply a more versatile, powerful product, one that showcases a sleek, modern design that’s nothing short of gorgeous. The Dell XPS 27 is less expensive, sure, but it’s nowhere near as capable. Also watch: Dell Venue 10 7000 Series – Hands on Review Please enable Javascript to watch this video
null
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Apple Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> Apple Apple Announces 4th Generation MacBook Pro Family: Thinner, Lighter, with Thunderbolt 3 & “Touch Bar” by Ryan Smith on October 27, 2016 6:30 PM EST Posted in Apple MacBook Pro MacBook Thunderbolt 3 USB-C 284 Comments | Add A Comment 284 Comments + Add A Comment Much ink has been spilt over the last year on the subject of the MacBook Pro. In short, Apple hasn’t given its professional laptop lineup a real overhaul in some time. Only the smaller 13” model ever got Intel’s 5th gen Broadwell CPU – the 15” model is even further back, on 4th gen Haswell – and otherwise the laptops haven’t had major feature updates since 2013. As a result, Apple has been due as anyone can be to update their laptops. And at a special event held at their campus this morning, they have done just that, launching the 4th generation of the MacBook Pro. For better or worse the new 4th generation family doesn’t have a catchy name like Retina to help set it apart from the prior models. But make no mistake, Apple has been busy on giving their languishing laptops a much-needed facelift. All-told, Apple has introduced 3 new MacBook Pro models: a basic 13” version, and then two full-featured versions at 13” and 15” respectively. All three models are form the same mold, so to speak. All of them get the same new unibody design, the same wide color gamut (P3) display, and the same upgraded internal hardware composed of Intel’s 6th generation Skylake CPUs, Thunderbolt 3, and new SSDs. What separates the basic 13” from the other two models, besides cost, is that it doesn’t include Apple’s new multi-touch Touch Bar (more on this in a sec). 4th Gen MacBook Pro Lineup Model 2015 15" 2016 13" (basic) 2016 13" (touch) 2016 15" Dimensions 1.8 cm x 35.89 cm x 24.71 cm 1.49 cm x 30.41 cm x 21.24 cm 1.55 cm x 34.93 cm x 24.07 cm Weight 4.49 lbs (2.04 kg) 3.02 lbs (1.37 kg) 4.02 lbs (1.83 kg) CPU 2.2GHz Core i7-4770HQ (Haswell) 2.0GHz Core i5-6360U (Skylake) 2.9GHz Core i5-6267U (Skylake) 2.6GHz Core i7-6700HQ (Skylake) GPU Intel Iris Pro 5200 Intel Iris Graphics 540 Intel Iris Graphics 550 Intel HD Graphics 530 + AMD Radeon Pro 450 (2GB) Display 15" 2880 x 1800 IPS LCD sRGB Gamut 13" 2560 x 1600 IPS LCD P3 Gamut 15" 2880 x 1800 IPS LCD P3 Gamut Memory 16GB DDR3L-1600 8GB LPDDR3-1866 8GB LPDDR3-2133 16GB LPDDR3-2133 SSD 256GB PCIe SSD (PCIe x2) 256GB PCIe SSD Touch Bar No No Yes I/O 2x Thunderbolt 2 (supports DP1.2), 1x HDMI 1.4, 2x USB 3.0 (Type-A), 3.5mm Audio, SDXC Slot 2x Thunderbolt 3 (supports DP1.2 & USB 3.1 Gen 2 modes), 3.5mm Audio 4x Thunderbolt 3 (supports DP1.2 & USB 3.1 Gen 2 modes), 3.5mm Audio Battery Capacity 99.5 Wh 54.5 Wh 49.2 Wh 76 Wh Battery Life 9 Hours 10 Hours Price $1999 $1499 $1799 $2399 If you’ve been watching Apple over the years, then you know that the company has a (sometimes unhealthy) obsession with reducing their products’ thickness, and the 4th gen MacBook Pro follows that obsession to a T. The new family of laptops is thinner than ever, with Apple taking them from 18mm to 14.9mm and 15.5mm for the 13” and 15” models respectively. Altogether, the total volume is down 23% for the 13” model and 20% for the 15” model. Apple is still using their now tried-and-true aluminum unibody design for the family, so if you’re familiar with the current color-coated MacBook, then you know what to expect here. Though the event was very brief on how Apple was able to shave off so much volume compared to the last generation, it sounds like they’ve gone with a thinner cooling system, and in the case of the 15” model, AMD’s low-profile Polaris 11 GPU. Under the hood, this change in volume comes without a significant change in official TDPs (so all factors held equal, Apple would be removing the same amount of heat in a thinner design). Apple has finally made the jump across the entire family to Intel’s 14nm Skylake processors. The basic 13” model uses a 15W CPU, the higher-end 13” model uses a 28W CPU, and the 15” model uses a 45W CPU, the latter two being the same TDPs as the last generation. Apple isn’t talking up CPU performance too much here, but given how long they’ve been on Haswell on the 15” model in particular, we should see a good performance bump. Meanwhile, in a change from the 3rd generation design, all 15” 4th gen MacBook Pros come with discrete Radeon Pro graphics. Apple has tapped AMD’s new Polaris 11 GPU, in part for the low z-height it offers, which replaces the 4 year old Cape Verde GPU in the previous MacBook Pro. Apple is offering 3 dGPU configurations at increasingly higher performance. From what AMD has told me, these chips are all in the ballpark of 35W. Relative to the previous dGPU models – or even more, the previous model that only offered an integrated Intel GPU – GPU performance should be greatly improved over the last generation. Over 2x for the top-tier Radeon Pro 460 is a very reasonable assumption right now, though one that testing will need to confirm. On the SSD side of matters, Apple has quickly talked up the fact that the new MacBook Pros use a new SSD. Apple traditionally uses multiple vendors, but the quoted 3GB/sec read speeds are consistent with the latest generation of drives out of Samsung and Toshiba. So is the fact that Apple is now offering SSDs up to 2TB in size. More visible is the change to the display. Apple hasn’t increased their resolutions at all – so these are the same 2880x1800 & 2560x1600 resolution configurations at before – but they have upgraded what these displays can do. All of the MacBook Pros now support the wider P3 color gamut that Apple has been championing for the last year and already offers on the iMac, iPhone 7, and iPad Pro. Meaning that the new laptops now support a wider color gamut and can display material mastered for P3 (or photos taken from the iPhone 7) at their full gamut. The new displays are also said to be quite a bit brighter than before; Apple is throwing around 500 nits, or 67% brighter. And, perhaps most interestingly, Apple has confirmed that the new displays support “variable refresh rate” technology. I need to dig into this more, but if this is an implementation of AMD’s FreeSync tech or something similar, then it would potentially be a nice improvement in perceived screen smoothness.  Apple’s also touting that the new display consumes 30% less power, but it’s not clear how much of that is due to variable (e.g. lower) refresh rates and how much of that is from panel and backlighting improvements. Apple has also reworked the keyboard and trackpad, in part to integrate the latest technologies and to achieve their thinness goals. The new MacBook Pros utilize a newer revision of the butterfly switch first introduced on the MacBook keyboard. This means we’re talking about a shorter travel distance than the prior generation MacBook Pros – something that may not be popular in all corners – but at the same time we’re told that these aren’t the same identical switches as on the MacBook, and that there have been some changes to improve the feel. Meanwhile the Force Touch trackpad has been enlarged; it now goes from the bottom edge of the laptop to the keyboard, the full area that Apple could hope to give it.  This is a 100% area increase for the 15” model, and a 46% increase for the 13” model. Apple has also overhauled their input/output options on the new MacBook Pros; quite radically in fact. Apple has doubled-down on Thunderbolt 3/USB Type-C. All three models contain solely either 2 (13” basic) or 4 (all other models) TB3 ports (which also double as USB-C 3.1 Gen 2 ports), and then a 3.5mm audio jack. This means the MagSafe port is gone, as are the USB Type-A ports and the Thunderbolt 2 ports. In this sense it’s very close to what has happened with the MacBook, except the MacBook Pro gets a larger number of ports. TB3 is enabled through the use of Intel’s Alpine Ridge controller; the 2 port versions have a single controller, and the 4 port versions have 2 controllers (since Intel doesn’t make a 4 port version). Furthermore all 2 or 4 ports can be used for charging or display outputs as necessary, so they are all equals in functionality. Last, but certainly not least however, is perhaps the marquee feature of the 4th generation MacBook Pros: the Touch Bar. A bit of a poorly kept secret in the run-up to today’s launch, the Touch Bar is a (presumably OLED) capacitive multi-touch display that replaces the row previously occupied by the function keys.  The idea, in a nutshell, is to make a dynamic row of virtual buttons that can be whatever an application (or user) needs them to be, bringing with it all of the advantages of multi-touch that Apple has developed over the years for their iOS devices. Note that the Touch Bar is only available on the higher-end MacBook Pros; the basic 13” model forgoes the Touch Bar in favor of a traditional row of function keys, presumably for cost reasons. Rounding out the feature set, the Touch Bar also includes a Touch ID fingerprint sensor on its right side, and the necessary controller – what Apple calls the T1 – to handle Touch ID and the Secure Enclave duties. This sensor means that virtually everything that can be done with Touch ID on iOS devices can be extended to macOS: one-touch login, Apple Pay confirmation, etc. You can even use it to do things iOS can’t do, such as swap between users. Taking a page from those iOS devices, the Touch ID sensor is the one physical button that’s part of the Touch Bar; it is both a fingerprint scanner and the device’s physical power button. Judging from the presentation alone, the Touch Bar is going to be divisive among users. Replacing physical buttons with a capacitive strip is a major change; if you’re used to feeling buttons, there’s nothing here to feel. On the other hand, Apple is convinced that the function keys are underutilized right now, and that space can be put to better use. Even with the track pad already offering Force Touch, the Touch Bar has the advantage of being able to display what button it is, and behave separately from the trackpad. As someone who admittedly is still old school enough to configure the function keys to work as actual function keys – and not the screen/sound/playback controls Apple defaults to – I’m definitely going to have to sit down with the new Touch Bar to get an idea of what the transition is like. It’s a bold idea for Apple; but bold ideas can be both good and bad. Wrapping things up, the new MacBook Pros are available for order today. The basic 13” model (the one without the Touch Bar and only 2 TB3 ports) will retail for $1499 and is shipping immediately. The other two models will be at $1799 and $2399 for the 13” and 15” models respectively, and will not be shipping for another 2-3 weeks. Finally, Apple has also illustrated how the overall MacBook family of laptops is organized now that they’ve added the new MacBook Pros. The 11” MacBook Air has been removed from sale entirely, while the 13” model is still for sale, but hasn’t received any update. Given that the new MacBook Pros are thinner than the MacBook Air 13”, it seems likely that it’s going to eventually be phased out entirely. Consequently the new, modern MacBook lineup consists of 4 laptops: the 12” MacBook, the basic 13” MacBook Pro, the advanced 13” MacBook Pro, and the 15” MacBook Pro. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 284 Comments View All Comments RaichuPls - Thursday, October 27, 2016 - link What looks interesting is that the 13inch Touch has a 28w CPU + a smaller battery when compared to the non-touch version. Wonder how battery life is going to be affected by that. Also damn they jacked up the prices... Reply Morawka - Thursday, October 27, 2016 - link the pro's always used a 28w cpu, i'm not sure why anandtech thinks otherwise. IIRC the 15w CPU's were only used in the Macbook Air Reply Morawka - Thursday, October 27, 2016 - link the 13" pro mind you, or course the 15" got a 45W CPU.. although my current rMBP is using a 45w CPU and a 100W GPU. They cut the GPU TDP quite a bit from when they used Nvidia. I really wish they would start using Nvidia again and quit signing these contracts with AMD that tie their hands for 3-5 years. after all, nobody beats Nvidia at Perf per watt in mobile GPU's Reply arayoflight - Friday, October 28, 2016 - link A bigger advantage of Nvidia GPUs will be CUDA. Most applications or libraries don't support OpenCL. Reply Stuka87 - Friday, October 28, 2016 - link CUDA is almost unheard of in the Mac world. OSX itself uses OpenCL, as do all of Apples Pro apps. The fact that nVidia doesnt support the latest OpenCL is one of the reasons they have not been used for a few years now. Reply Polacott - Friday, October 28, 2016 - link Apple uses OpenCL as is an open standard, wisely they won't tie to a proprietary api that is supported and owned by only by one manufacturer. I really wonder how CUDA reach so far in time. Reply ImSpartacus - Saturday, October 29, 2016 - link Nvidia has a ton of marketshare and pretty tremendous mindshare. It's one of the reasons that I'm still nervous about getting a vrr monitor because I'm not convinced that freesync will be the "winner" just because it's in an official standard. Nvidia has shown that they can play by their own rules and still "win". Reply Azix - Friday, October 28, 2016 - link Apple favors openCL and CUDA should be able to run on AMD GPUs soon enough. Reply jameskatt - Sunday, October 30, 2016 - link Apple prefers developers use Metal - it's own proprietary graphics standard. Metal is much faster than OpenCL. And Metal runs in iOS, MacOS, and TVOS. OpenCL is the backup. Reply Polacott - Friday, October 28, 2016 - link CUDA is a proprietary api owned by Nvidia on the other hand OpenCL is an open standard that in the begining was created by Apple, IBM, AMD, Intel and Nvidia. Adobe for instance uses OpenCL to accelerate processing operations. So, OpenCL is future proof. "Most applications or libraries don't support OpenCL" do you have any data to support such a thing? Think a bit instead of just incorporating pure NVidia corporate bs. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 29 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Hours before the new MacBook's are Introduced, Apple's UK Trademark Filing for 'Touch Bar' Surfaces | Main | Apple Executives Continue to Hold the Philosophy that Touch Screens Aren't Right, but Not Everyone Agrees » October 27, 2016 Today's Apple Event Focused on the All-New 'Touch Bar' for MacBook Pro   Just before the Apple Event started we posted a report on Apple's official trademark filing for 'Touch Bar' that surfaced in the UK. Apple began the keynote telling us that it was the twenty-fifth anniversary of Apple's notebooks. They rifled through the breakthroughs for their notebooks over the years which led to today's big breakthrough feature called the Touch Bar. Apple's new mid to high-end MacBook Pro's will include the new contextual 'Touch Bar' that replacing the traditional F-Keys bar. Every time you open an Apple app such as Mail, Safari, Photos, Keynote or Final Cut Pro, the Touch Bar controls will automatically change to give you a faster way to work. It's a whole new productivity tool that truly adds a new dimension to the MacBook Pro. The new Touch Bar also introduces Touch ID for the MacBook, a feature that we covered in a patent report back in 2015. The new MacBook Pro also introduced an updated keyboard with second generation butterfly keys. Whether this fully matches Apple's latest patent features isn't known at this time, but the patent was discussing the next generation of butterfly keys. The actual Touch Bar was covered in a report in August pointing to a patent going back to 2012. Lastly, the MacBook Pro's high-end model does indeed include an AMD graphics card based on the Polaris Architecture as we reported on back in April. You could find more about Apple's new MacBook specifications here and about the new individual features here.       And what would an Apple Event be without a new Jony Ive video?     It must be said that most analysts and major Apple blogs were hoping for a lot more at this event. The big miss was without a doubt an iMac refresh going into the all-important holiday season. Others were expecting the Mac Pro to be updated and an all new standalone display to replace their defunct Thunderbolt model.   Yet the rest of the Mac line-up is likely to be refreshed in the first half of 2017. In September we posted a report titled "Future iMacs Supporting Intel's 7th Gen Core will usher in Immersive Internet Era." In that report we pointed to Intel's Navin Shenoy, VP, GM Client Computing Group who clearly pointed out that the new Seventh-Gen Core processors for desktops were only coming to market in early 2017. So technically the delay in updating the iMac is squarely on Intel for dropping the ball. Most people purchase major ticket computers at Christmas, so what were they thinking?   Yet with that said, Apple could have presented a 'sneak peek' of the next-gen iMac and tell us that it would be launching sometime in March or April (or whenever). There's nothing like a great movie trailer to pump up an audience prior to a movie debuting at a later time and Apple could have done that here.   Of course all die-hard Apple fans will patiently wait to upgrade their iMac and/or Mac Pro in 2017 without blinking. But those who are able to run macOS and Windows 10 fluently, there are certainly more choices out there than ever before if your system is on its last legs.    Yesterday Microsoft introduced their all-new 'Surface Studio' desktop aimed at Pro creatives like animators and graphic artists. The system's hot 28" PixelSense Display offers 63% more pixels than a 4K television. They also introduced the 'Surface Dial' which is a new tool for artists that is generated a lot of buzz in the press. Amazingly for an all-in-one design they were able to jam it with a whopping 32GB RAM. Yet without a doubt Microsoft's first generation of Surface Studio is aiming squarely at the higher-end creative community, a market which has traditionally been a stronghold for Apple. It's a market that won't blink at the US$3000 starting price.    For the mid-range (AIO) All-In-One Computer, HP reinvented their desktop systems so that the brains of the computer now resides at the base of the display so that the displays could be lighter and much, much thinner. One of the features that many will appreciate is their all-new pop-up camera and microphone. When a user needs to start their Windows system in the morning using their biometrics system associated with 'Hello Windows' or when holding a video conference, the user taps the top of the display and the camera and microphone pops-up. When not needed it tucks back into the display. This way there's no need for user's taping over the camera for fear of snoopers. The new HP (AIO) desktops are also priced for mainstream wallets. See the video below that focuses on the new HP Envy features.     So over this holiday season, the iMac will have a lot of competition aimed at the general consumer who doesn't particularly care about the operating system for simply writing the odd Word report, be on social media or play games.   Considering that Apple just came off its weakest year in over a decade, I was surprised at how little was refreshed today. Apple is such a huge company with so many engineering teams and to have only updated their MacBook Pro line-up was baffling.   Then again, if you happen to be ready to upgrade your MacBook Pro, then today was certainly a great day with Apple putting all of their weight behind a dozen or more refinements to make this MacBook Pro upgrade a great buy for the holidays.   At the end of the day, did today's Apple Event live up to your expectations? Send in your comments below.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.   One More Thing: This so-called 'Trademark Ninja' (ridiculous name) forecasted that we'd see "Magic Toolbar." Didn't happen. How about "Control Strip" or  or "Smart Button?." No and no. Three strikes. Completely useless forecast - Ha!    Posted by Jack Purcher on October 27, 2016 at 02:44 PM in 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports , 9. Apple Events & Financial Related | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts A New Hardbound Book from Apple Dedicated to Steve Jobs Memory Chronicles 20 Years of Product Design Apple Wins 61 Patents Today Covering Future iPad Pro Accessories including a High-End Dock/Pivoting Stand and more Apple Granted a Patent for a Sports Version of Apple EarPods Apple Reportedly working on Digital Glasses Supporting Telephony and Augmented Reality MacBook Pro Reviews fly in while Apostle Schiller continues to Warns us of the Evils of a Touch Display on Macs Samsung Aggressively Gets into Apple's Face with Moves into AI and Telematics with Harman Acquisition Chinese State Publication Warns President Elect Trump that any Tariffs on Chinese Goods Would be bad News for Apple Microsoft, Apple and Google Aim to Extend Touch Technologies to a World of new Devices and Applications Samsung sets their Eyes on a Revolutionary Holographic TV Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. News, Rumors & Special Reports 6. Patently Xtra News 7. Snap News 8. Apple-IBM MobileFirst 9. Apple Events & Financial Related Accessories Apple & Market Statistics Apple - Macs Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple iTunes / Apple Music Apple Pay, iWallet, NFC Related Apple Pencil - Smart Pen Apple Store Apple Watch + Other Wearables AppleTV Related Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible Facial Recognition & 3D Related Future Interfaces Green Technology Haptics & Tactile iBeacon News + Inductive, Wireless Charging Liquid Metal Location Related Maps Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Applications Projection Related Security Related Smart Bezels + Social Networking Software + OS Solar Energy Sports Related Travel Related Vehicle Related Videos Videos (Reports with) See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Office Depot And OfficeMax Black Friday 2016 Plans Unveiled Posted: Oct 27 2016, 3:16pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Nov 4 2016, 1:31pm CDT, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Office Depot OfficeMax Black Friday Ad last year   The office supply chain Office Depot and OfficeMax have announced Black Friday 2016 plans. Office Depot provider of office products, services, and solutions, through its Office Depot and OfficeMax brands, is giving customers a jump start on the holiday season by offering early Black Friday and Cyber Monday deals starting Oct. 30. Don't Miss: Sam's Club Black Friday 2016 Deals “The holidays are a busy time, and customers are shopping earlier than ever,” said Diane Nick, senior vice president of marketing for Office Depot, Inc. “By offering more deals on tech, tech accessories, office chairs and more, earlier in the season and weekly until Black Friday, we hope to take a bit of stress out of the holiday shopping experience.” Shoppers can save time and money this holiday season with a huge selection of gifts and gear for family, friends and co-workers from Office Depot and OfficeMax. Early Black Friday deals available in-store and online, Oct. 30 through Nov. 6 include: Dell Inspiron Laptop with Intel Core i7 Processor for $499.99 (regular price $799.99) Lenovo Ideapad 110 Laptop with Intel Core i3 Processor for $299.99 (regular price $499.99)2 Dell Insipiron 15.6” Laptop with Intel Inside for $219.99 (regular price $299.99) Lowest Price Ever! Laptop bundle for $529 (regular price $849) which includes the below: HP 15.6" Touchscreen Laptop with Intel Core i5 Processor Microsoft Office 365 Personal 1-Year (pre-installed) Logitech Wireless Mouse McAfee LiveSafe Software, 1-Year Subscription Card 70 Percent off All Duracell Powerbanks Wireless Virtual Reality Headset for $14.99 (regular price $49.99) Additionally, in-store doorbusters Oct. 30 through Nov. 1 include: Brenton Studio Ruzzi Mid-Back Chair for $54.99 (regular price $109.99) Realspace Fosner Bonded Leather High-Back Chair for $79.99 (regular price $159.99) SanDisk Cruzer Glide USB 2.0 Flash Drive, 128GB for $24.99 (regular price $69.99) Early Black Friday deals available in-store and online, Nov. 6 through Nov. 12 include 4 : Dell Inspiron 11.6" 2-in-1 Laptop with Intel® Pentium Processor for $299.99 (regular price $399.99 HP 15.6" Laptop with Intel Core i3 Processor for $319.99 (regular price $499.99) HP OfficeJet Pro 8710 for $129.99 (regular price $199.99) Lexar Jumpdrive Twisturn USB 2.0 16GB for $5.99 (regular price $14.99) 50 Percent off All Altec Lansing Power Additionally, in-store doorbusters Nov. 6 through Nov. 8 include: WorkPro 1000 Series Chair for $99.99 (regular price $209.99) Early Black Friday deals available in-store and online, Nov. 13 through Nov. 19 include: Laptop Bundle for $399 (regular price $699) which includes the below: HP 15.6" Laptop with AMD A10 Processor, Model 15-ba053nr Microsoft Office 365 Personal, 1-Year (pre-installed) Logitech M325 Wireless Mouse McAfee LiveSafe Software, 1-Year Subscription Card Dell 11.6" Laptop with Intel Inside and One Year Subscription of Microsoft Office 365 Personal for $199.99 (regular price $299.99) HP Printers on Sale HP Officejet Pro 6978 for $99.99 (regular price $179.99) Skullcandy Ink’d Earbuds for $10 (regular price $20.99) Additionally, in-store doorbusters Nov. 13 through Nov. 14 include: Brenton Studio Briessa Mid-Back Vinyl Chair for $59.99 (regular price $129.99) Realspace Salsbury Bonded Leather High-Back Chair for $89.99 (regular price $179.99) Early Black Friday deals available in-store and online, Nov. 20 through Nov. 26 include 7 : Dell Inspiron 13.3” 2-in-1 Laptop with Intel Core i5 Processor for $529.99 (regular price $699.99) HP Officejet Pro 6968 for $89.99 (regular price $149.99) SanDisk Cruzer Edge USB 2.0 Flash Drive 16GB for $5.99 (regular price $17.99) Save 40% on Realspace Landon Computer Desk with Hutch for $197.99 ( regular price $329.99) Realspace Calusa Mesh Mid-back Chair for $99.99 (regular price $179.99) Shoppers can also find special Every Monday is Cyber Monday online-only offers Oct. 31, Nov. 7, 14 and 21 from 4 a.m. to 3:59 a.m. the following day at officedepot.com. Visit the website for more information. Office Depot and OfficeMax will feature deals and savings on other great gear and gifts on Black Friday, Cyber Monday, as well as throughout the holiday season. It is never too early to get ready for Black Friday. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Find all Black Friday 2016 Ads as soon as they released in this Black Friday 2016 Ad list including the highly anticipated Walmart Black Friday 2016 ad. The first Black Friday 2016 ads are already released. Read also everything we know about the Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale, which we predict will be largest Black Friday sale in history. Black Friday 2016 is on November 25. The Black Friday 2016 sales begin as early as November 4. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. Buy Now on Amazon You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago $15 Finding Dory Blu-ray is Hot Walmart Black Friday Deal 1 hour ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 9 hours ago, 3:35pm CST NES Classic Spotted in Stock at GameStop Today 10 hours ago, 2:51pm CST China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 44 minutes ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Microsoft Signs Up for Elon Musk's $1 Billion OpenAI Project 1 hour ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 1 hour ago Dell Cyber Monday 2016 Deals Revealed in Ad 2 hours ago WeChat May Help Users Feel Better 2 hours ago MRI can help Detect Bone Marrow Cancer 5 hours ago Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 10 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Best Buy Black Friday Deals Available Early in Beat the Black Friday Rush Sale 10 hours ago, 2:23pm CST Facebook and Google Ban Fake News 11 hours ago, 1:45pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Your Deals on Amazon Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Black Friday Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago $15 Finding Dory Blu-ray is Hot Walmart Black Friday Deal 1 hour ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 9 hours ago, 3:35pm CST More Black Friday Stories Latest News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 44 minutes ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) review: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine By: Dan Ackerman Reviewed: November 14, 2016 Apple tries the second-screen approach with the MacBook Pro Touch Bar by Dan Ackerman Close Drag   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Previous Next $1,789.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, space gray, 2016) (Part #: MLH12LL/A) 3 Related Models Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display - 13.3" - Core i5 - 8 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mnqg2lla $1,999.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display - 13.3" - Core i5 - 8 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mnqf2lla $1,999.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, silver, 2016) mlvp2lla $1,799.00 Apple $1,799.00 See it Amazon.com $1,799.99 See it Adorama $1,789.00 See it Abt Electronics $1,799.00 See it See all prices Add to my Holiday List Compare These Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Apple MacBook 2016 HP EliteBook Folio G1 Samsung Galaxy TabPro S 4.5 stars CNET Editors' Rating 3.5 stars 2 user reviews The Good The inventive Touch Bar streamlines work and saves clicks, and Apple has improved almost every part of the thinner, lighter MacBook Pro, including a larger touchpad, faster components and a flatter keyboard. iPhone's Touch ID is handy on the Mac, too. The Bad You're paying a hefty premium for the Touch Bar, which supports only a limited handful of Apple apps for now. The USB-C-only ports mean carrying a bag full of dongles. The lack of high-end graphics or huge RAM options in the 13-inch model may frustrate photo and video professionals. The Bottom Line Apple's smart, useful Touch Bar makes it well worth splurging on the step-up version of the streamlined 13-inch MacBook Pro. 8.6 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 8.0 Battery 9.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Computers Laptops Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Apple's taking big swings with the new MacBook Pro. Some land square, some miss their mark. Altogether, this is a beautiful, powerful machine that almost everyone will want, but consider the trade-offs carefully. This MacBook Pro is thinner and lighter than its predecessor, with a flattened keyboard and expanded touchpad. It has a newer selection of Intel processors, faster flash storage and a brighter Retina screen. The new MacBook Pro has also dropped all its legacy ports for Thunderbolt 3-powered USB-C -- a controversial move that requires you to buy a truckload of dongles, but also a move that many high-end Windows laptops are following. Apple even threw in the pleasing and very useful TouchID fingerprint sensor, imported almost whole-hog from the iPhone and iPad. But you know all that already. What you really want to learn about is the new MacBook Pro's headline feature: the Touch Bar, a tiny 1cm tall touchscreen that replaces the function key row on the top of new Pro's keyboard, and also jacks up the price for this high-end machine. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET We've already extensively covered the basics on the new 13- and 15-inch Pros, which were unveiled at Apple's headquarters on October 27 and are available for sale as of early November. That includes our exclusive early hands-on with the new MacBook Pro, as well as our review of the entry-level 2016 MacBook Pro model (which keeps its traditional function key row, and doesn't include TouchID). Start with both of those stories if you want an exhaustive overview of the design changes, component upgrades and port-related compromises of this MacBook Pro -- which is essentially the 10th anniversary edition of the original 2006 MacBook Pro. More on the MacBook Pro Apple's amazing strip show reinvents the laptop keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (no Touch Bar) review: The Retina MacBook Air you've always wanted Does the Mac still matter? Jony Ive talks about putting the Apple 'touch' on the MacBook Pro The Mac and iPad aren't merging. Get over it Here, however, we're focusing on that Touch Bar. How does it work? Is it useful? Can it replace the iPad-like touchscreen Mac we're not likely to get in the foreseeable future, according to our recent exclusive interviews with Apple execs? View full gallery The new MacBook Pro (on the left) is thinner than the previous design. Sarah Tew/CNET I've lived with the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar for almost two weeks. Here's what I learned. A tiny slice of iPad on your MacBook The Touch Bar is a long, skinny OLED touchscreen that sits above the keyboard, replacing the traditional F1-F12 keys, as well as the escape key and power button. On the far right end of the Touch Bar is a fingerprint reader, similar to the one found on the iPhone, which enables Touch ID and Apple Pay for secure system log-ins and online payments. By default, the Touch Bar displays system tools, including screen brightness and volume control. But when using select apps (for now mostly Apple-created apps such as Safari, but more third-party support is on the way), new contextual commands appear on the Touch Bar, and the system tools roll up into a condensed version on the right side of the strip. You can still access volume and brightness controls, but to get the full default list of commands back, you'll have to tap on a small arrow to expand it (which also hides the contextual commands for the app you're currently using). View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Having spent some serious hands-on time with the Touch Bar version of the new 13-inch MacBook Pro, and testing its capabilities with a wide range of apps, it feels like a tool that can enhance your computing experience, but won't revolutionize it. It does less than a full touchscreen might, but Apple has found a way to use it to cut down on keystrokes, streamline tasks and add additional levels of fine control. I almost immediately started find little things it did better than traditional keyboard and touchpad input Some who've seen the Touch Bar only from afar call it a gimmick, but I almost immediately started finding little things it did better than traditional keyboard and touchpad input, and after a very short time I was using a handful of these Touch Bar functions instinctively, without even thinking about it. If you spend a bit of time trying it out in different apps, you'll end up with maybe a half-dozen or so shortcuts you love the Touch Bar for, while your computing experience remains otherwise unchanged. That makes it harder to justify as an expensive add-on to the new MacBook Pro line. The least expensive Touch Bar system is the one reviewed here, at $1,799 (£1,749 or AU$2,699). That's a $300 jump over the more mainstream $1,499 entry level MacBook Pro (£1,449 or AU$2,199), which lacks the Touch Bar. But in addition to the Touch Bar, this version also has a faster processor (a 2.9GHz Intel Core i5, versus a 2.0GHz Core i5), marginally better integrated Intel graphics (Iris 550 versus Iris 540), and it doubles the number of included USB-C Thunderbolt ports to four. So at least you're getting more for your $300 than just the Touch Bar. View full gallery The new MacBook Pro has a shallower butterfly keyboard. Sarah Tew/CNET Previously, the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro cost $1,299 (£1,249 or AU$1,999), but that model had half the storage of these new ones, only 128GB. Note that if you're kicking yourself for missing out on the older Pro (which was excellent in its own right), with its lower starting price and wider variety of ports, Apple is still selling a single 13-inch and single 15-inch 2015-era configuration, at least for now. Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch) Price as reviewed $1,799, £1,749 or AU$2,699 Display size/resolution 13.3-inch 2,560 x 1,600 PC CPU 2.9GHz Intel Core i5 PC Memory 8GB 1866MHz LPDDR3 Graphics Intel Iris Graphics 550 Storage 256GB PCIe SSD Networking 802.11ac wireless, Bluetooth 4.2 Operating system macOS Sierra One bar, many versions The Touch Bar is is filled with possibilities, but like the branching menus within menus it's supposed to replace, some of its functions can remain buried under additional taps and swipes, depending on which apps you use it with. There's only so much one can fit into a 2,170x60 display. Actual instructions for how to use the Touch Bar are sparse. Instead, it's up to you to eyeball the new buttons that pop up contextually in each supported application and figure out how to use them. In most cases, it's presented logically, but some on-screen buttons have layers within them, and navigating deeper in and then moving back out isn't always intuitive (as in the case of Photos, Apple's photo organizing and tweaking app). In other cases, the Touch Bar buttons are a perfect distillation of the most important functions in an app (such as Safari or Messages), and easy to pick up and use immeidately. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Each Touch Bar series of commands has its own visual and organizational language. That's easy enough to translate when only Apple-created programs are supported, but we'll have to wait and see how other software makers handle the Touch Bar. Windows PC makers have struggled for years with how to properly present proprietary software interfaces, asking consumers to learn and relearn new behaviors for apps they may already be familiar with, or for programs and features that may disappear or change radically in the next version. Adobe is one company you really want to watch in this space. A key partner for Touch Bar support, Photoshop will add Touch Bar controls later this year. It'll be very interesting to see what they do, and if long-time Photoshop users take to it. That's especially important because Adobe is a master of extreme usability and platform continuity. (As an example, I took a single-semester Photoshop tutorial course as a college undergrad way back in the 1990s. All these years later, and through countless versions of Photoshop, and I can still sit down in front of the latest iteration of the software and have a basic idea of what I'm doing.) View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Microsoft has also pledged to add Touch Bar support for Office. But until those companies and others deliver, it's all about Apple's in-house apps, including Mail, Messages, iTunes and Safari. I found the Touch Bar added something useful to each of these, but that's predicated on actually using those apps. If you prefer Spotify to iTunes, or Chrome to Safari, there's not much the Touch Bar can do for you from within those apps, besides the basic system functions previously mapped to the Function key row, such a volume controls. One interesting comparison to make is to Microsoft's new Surface Dial. That physical control knob works on many Windows PCs, but is specifically designed with the Surface Studio desktop in mind, and it covers a lot of the same ground as the Touch Bar. Both the Bar and Dial offer easier access to specific menu items in select apps. Like the Touch Bar, the Dial provides basic system functions, including volume controls, when not in a supported app. Both are very early in their development, and both call out for wider app support (neither has a Photoshop-specific set of controls yet). For illustrators and animators, I can see the real appeal of the Surface Dial and its big, analog-feeling wheel. For more efficient general computing, so far I find that Apple's Touch Bar is the more immediately useful of the two ideas. First steps The initial thing you'll want to do with the Touch Bar is set up Touch ID. That uses Apple's custom T1 security chip, which is built into the system, and the fingerprint reader that sits on the far right side of the Touch Bar. Setup is similar to an iPhone, with repeated fingertaps on the sensor recording fingerprint data. Unlike an iPhone and iPad, Macs support multiple user profiles, so each person using the machine can set up fingerprint access to their profile. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET User switching via fingerprint is especially impressive, and nearly instantaneous. I set up a "CNET" profile linked to one finger and a personal profile linked to a different finger. Just by placing each finger in turn on the Touch ID and clicking down (it's both a fingerprint sensor and a physical button), the profiles switched on the fly. After setting up the fingerprint access, which can also be used for Apple Pay purchases from supported merchants, you might also want to change the default lineup of buttons available on the Touch Bar. That menu is a little hard to find, tucked away in System Preferences under Keyboard > Customize Control Strip (oddly, it's called Control Strip here, and not Touch Bar). View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET From that menu, new buttons can be dragged down to the bottom of the screen, where they'll appear on the Touch Bar, and from there, can be moved left and right. For example, I swapped out the Launch Pad button for a Show Desktop button. The default setup is the logical choice for most, but customization options are always welcome. Here's how the Touch Bar works in a few key apps: Continue to next page 01 02 Best laptops of 2016 See All Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Starting at: $1,682.10 4.5 stars This professional version of Lenovo's Yoga hybrid is expensive, but packs in plenty of... Apple MacBook 2016 Starting at: $1,199.00 4 stars The 12-inch MacBook gets a better battery and faster performance, but it's still a one-port-wonder. HP EliteBook Folio G1 Starting at: $1,319.00 4 stars This 12.5-inch 4K laptop feels like a Windows version of the 12-inch MacBook. Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Starting at: $697.99 4 stars By including a keyboard cover and AMOLED display, the TabPro S offers more for less than... Dan Ackerman twitter facebook googleplus Dan Ackerman leads CNET's coverage of laptops, desktops, and Windows tablets, while also writing about games, gadgets, and other topics. A former radio DJ and member of Mensa, he's written about music and technology for more than 15 years, appearing in publications including Spin, Blender, and Men's Journal. See full bio This week on CNET News Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Google PhotoScan saves irreplaceable photos in four snaps Twitter finds new ways to put hate speech on mute   Discuss: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch,... Conversation powered by Livefyre © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Opinions / MacBook Pro 13 vs Dell XPS 13 New MacBook Pro 13-inch versus Dell XPS 13 by Michael Passingham 27 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments Updated 11th November 2016: Since this original article was published, we've written our full review of the base model 13-inch MacBook Pro, and begun testing our 2016 Dell XPS 13. This gives us a much better idea of how the two compare, but we haven't yet seen one of the more expensive models. Things are slightly complicated here because there are two completely different versions of the 13-inch MacBook Pro: A base model and a top-end device with Apple’s funky new Touchbar, more powerful processors and more ports. Watch: 13-inch MacBook Pro video review Related: Best laptop Full specification comparison (Based on Dell.com and Apple.com. Other retailers may vary. A previous version of this article incorrectly listed the XPS 13 as topping out at 8GB and 256GB SSD) Device Dell XPS 13 Base MacBook Pro 13 Top MacBook Pro 13 Weight 1.2kg 1.37kg 1.37kg Dimensions W: 304mm D: 200mm H: 15mm W: 304mm D: 212mm H: 15mm W: 304mm D: 212mm H: 15mm Processor choices 7th Gen Intel Core i5 and i7 6th Gen Intel Core i5 or Core i7 6th Gen Intel Core i5 or Core i7 Graphics Intel HD Graphics 620 Intel Iris Graphics 540 Intel Iris Graphics 550 RAM 8-16GB DDR3 8GB-16GB DDR3 8-16GB DDR3 Storage 128GB-1TBB PCIE SSD 256GB-1TB PCIE SSD 512GB-1TB SSD Screen Full HD to 3,200x1,800 2560x1600 2560x1600 Price £999-£1649 £1449-£2439 £1749-£2759 Design and build One thing that’s mostly the same between the two new MacBooks is the physical design, so this is a good place to start. The Dell XPS 13 wins off the bat in terms of weight, coming in 170g lighter than both 13-inch MacBook Pro models. The MacBook is slightly larger in terms of overall footprint, and side-by-side the Dell looks significantly smaller. Related: 5 things you need to know about the MacBook Pro Rounded up to the nearest millimeter, both the XPS 13 and MacBook are the same thickness. The materials used are different, of course. Apple has continued to use the tried and tested aluminium unibody design, while Dell has a metal body and lid with a wrist rest coated in carbon fibre. The MacBook is also available in a Space Grey material, like the 12-inch MacBook. The touchpad on the MacBook is substantially bigger than that on the XPS 13, which makes for much more comfortable gestures and swiping. The MacBook also gets Apple's Force Touch tech, which simulates a physical click using haptic feedback and allows for pressure-sensitive interactions. Apple’s Butterfly keyboard design makes a return and has been improved over last year's model. It won't be for everyone, but its a comfortable, accurate and responsive keyboard that's hard to beat. The more expensive 13-inch MacBook gets Apple’s clever Touch bar, which is a feature no other laptop on the planet has. We’ll go into more depth in a separate article, but based on our first impressions it looks incredibly useful. In terms of ports, the MacBook 13-inch gets four USB 3.1/Thunderbolt 3 ports for powering high-end peripherals such as monitors and storage arrays. No adapters are supplied in the box. You can plug the power adapter into any port and charge the device. It also has a 3.5mm headphone jack. Dell gives you two regular USB 3.0 ports along with a USB 3.1/Thunderbolt 3 ports and an SD card reader. Performance This is where things get a little complicated. The cheaper 13-inch MacBook gets a Core i5 processor with a base clock speed of 2GHz, which is less powerful than the 2.5GHz base clock speed on the Dell XPS 13. Both cheapest models boost up to 3.1GHz. Moving up the range, the Dell XPS 13 offers a Core i7 processor with a maximum speed of 3.5GHz. The maximum speed on the top-end Core i7 in the 13-inch MacBook is 3.6GHz, which makes it slightly more powerful, but for a much greater price. Apple has the upper hand in terms of graphics. Intel's Iris brand of graphics is generally much better at 3D work and video playback than regular HD graphics, although we’ll have to run some benchmarks to make proper comparisons here. One thing to note is that the processors available with the Dell XPS 13 are newer, and part of Dell's 7th-gen 'Kaby Lake' line-up. But because Apple normally chooses bespoke Intel chips, direct comparisons are hard. We've tested the Core i7 XPS 13 and the base model i5 MacBook Pro, with a price difference of £150. Running an identical 3-minute video rendering task in Adobe Premier, the MacBook took seven minutes while the XPS 13 polished it off in a little over five. The difference is significant, and if raw processing performance is priority the XPS 13 is the better choice. All three devices come with a minimum of 8GB of RAM, while the most expensive specification of the MacBook gets a full 16GB. Models higher up the Dell XPS 13 range get 16GB of RAM. The cheapest 13-inch MacBook gets 128GB of PCI-E SSD storage, which is the same as the Dell XPS 13. From there, you can go up to 1TB depending on the model, but this increases the price substantially. The same applies to the Dell XPS 13, the most expensive version of which tops out at 1TB. Buy Now: Dell XPS 13 at Amazon.com from $1,070 Best Deals for Dell XPS 13 9350 Screen The cheapest Dell XPS 13 gets a 1,920x1,080-pixel Full HD display, while all the MacBooks get ‘Retina’ 2,560x1,600 screens. The top-end XPS 13 goes well beyond that with a 3,200x1,800-pixel panel that also gets a glossy touch layer. Pricing and conclusion Dell's XPS 13 starts out cheaper than the MacBook Pro and tops out at £1649 with the top-of-the-range model. The MacBook Pro goes well beyond that as you continue up the range, thanks to the more expensive storage and memory options at the top-end. This is in addition to the more powerful top-end processors that manage higher peak clock speeds than the processor available in the Dell XPS 13. At the bottom end, the XPS 13 is better value, but as you go up the MacBook range and gain access to the Touchbar and higher performance, the MacBook's price premium starts to make more sense. In the base model stakes, the XPS 13 holds the advantage, but we'll wait for our high-end MacBook Pro review before coming to a firm conclusion about the rest of the range. Latest Deals From Ebay 2016 Dell XPS 13 9350 13.3" i7-6560U 16GB 512GB PCIe SSD QHD+ touch IRIS 540 $1,079.00 View Item Dell XPS 13 13.3" QHD+ IPS Touch Laptop, 6th Gen Core i5, 8GB Ram, 256GB SSD $1,199.99 View Item 2016 DELL XPS 13 9350 I7-6560U 16GB 512GB SSD QHD+ 3200x1800 INFINITY TOUCH 10 $1,297.00 View Item RB Dell XPS 13 13.3" QHD+ Touch 256GB SSD i5-6200U 8GB Laptop XPS9350-4007SLV $799.99 View Item 2016 Dell XPS 13 9350 13.3" i5-6200U 8GB 128GB SSD FHD ** TOUCH **INFINITY WIN10 $739.00 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
null
Connect with us facebook twitter CNET Reviews Top Categories CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums Popular Forums Computer Help Computer Newbies Laptops Phones TVs & Home Theaters Networking & Wireless Windows 7 Windows 10 Cameras All Forums News Top Categories Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Top Categories Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Top Categories Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Top Categories Tour CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Top Categories Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Top Categories Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out US Other editions United Kingdom Australia China France Germany Japan Korea CNET en Español HolidayBuyer's Guide Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) review: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: Second-screen dream machine By: Dan Ackerman Reviewed: November 14, 2016 Apple tries the second-screen approach with the MacBook Pro Touch Bar by Dan Ackerman Close Drag   1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 Previous Next $1,789.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, space gray, 2016) (Part #: MLH12LL/A) 3 Related Models Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display - 13.3" - Core i5 - 8 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mnqg2lla $1,999.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display - 13.3" - Core i5 - 8 GB RAM - 512 GB flash storage - English mnqf2lla $1,999.00 Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, silver, 2016) mlvp2lla $1,799.00 Apple $1,799.00 See it Amazon.com $1,799.99 See it Adorama $1,789.00 See it Abt Electronics $1,799.00 See it See all prices Add to my Holiday List Compare These Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Apple MacBook 2016 HP EliteBook Folio G1 Samsung Galaxy TabPro S 4.5 stars CNET Editors' Rating 3.5 stars 2 user reviews The Good The inventive Touch Bar streamlines work and saves clicks, and Apple has improved almost every part of the thinner, lighter MacBook Pro, including a larger touchpad, faster components and a flatter keyboard. iPhone's Touch ID is handy on the Mac, too. The Bad You're paying a hefty premium for the Touch Bar, which supports only a limited handful of Apple apps for now. The USB-C-only ports mean carrying a bag full of dongles. The lack of high-end graphics or huge RAM options in the 13-inch model may frustrate photo and video professionals. The Bottom Line Apple's smart, useful Touch Bar makes it well worth splurging on the step-up version of the streamlined 13-inch MacBook Pro. 8.6 Overall Design 9.0 Features 8.0 Performance 8.0 Battery 9.0 Review Sections Review Prices Specifications User Reviews facebook twitter more more + comments 0 pinterest googleplus email tumblr stumble reddit linkedin digg CNET Computers Laptops Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch, 2016) Apple's taking big swings with the new MacBook Pro. Some land square, some miss their mark. Altogether, this is a beautiful, powerful machine that almost everyone will want, but consider the trade-offs carefully. This MacBook Pro is thinner and lighter than its predecessor, with a flattened keyboard and expanded touchpad. It has a newer selection of Intel processors, faster flash storage and a brighter Retina screen. The new MacBook Pro has also dropped all its legacy ports for Thunderbolt 3-powered USB-C -- a controversial move that requires you to buy a truckload of dongles, but also a move that many high-end Windows laptops are following. Apple even threw in the pleasing and very useful TouchID fingerprint sensor, imported almost whole-hog from the iPhone and iPad. But you know all that already. What you really want to learn about is the new MacBook Pro's headline feature: the Touch Bar, a tiny 1cm tall touchscreen that replaces the function key row on the top of new Pro's keyboard, and also jacks up the price for this high-end machine. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET We've already extensively covered the basics on the new 13- and 15-inch Pros, which were unveiled at Apple's headquarters on October 27 and are available for sale as of early November. That includes our exclusive early hands-on with the new MacBook Pro, as well as our review of the entry-level 2016 MacBook Pro model (which keeps its traditional function key row, and doesn't include TouchID). Start with both of those stories if you want an exhaustive overview of the design changes, component upgrades and port-related compromises of this MacBook Pro -- which is essentially the 10th anniversary edition of the original 2006 MacBook Pro. More on the MacBook Pro Apple's amazing strip show reinvents the laptop keyboard Apple MacBook Pro (no Touch Bar) review: The Retina MacBook Air you've always wanted Does the Mac still matter? Jony Ive talks about putting the Apple 'touch' on the MacBook Pro The Mac and iPad aren't merging. Get over it Here, however, we're focusing on that Touch Bar. How does it work? Is it useful? Can it replace the iPad-like touchscreen Mac we're not likely to get in the foreseeable future, according to our recent exclusive interviews with Apple execs? View full gallery The new MacBook Pro (on the left) is thinner than the previous design. Sarah Tew/CNET I've lived with the 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar for almost two weeks. Here's what I learned. A tiny slice of iPad on your MacBook The Touch Bar is a long, skinny OLED touchscreen that sits above the keyboard, replacing the traditional F1-F12 keys, as well as the escape key and power button. On the far right end of the Touch Bar is a fingerprint reader, similar to the one found on the iPhone, which enables Touch ID and Apple Pay for secure system log-ins and online payments. By default, the Touch Bar displays system tools, including screen brightness and volume control. But when using select apps (for now mostly Apple-created apps such as Safari, but more third-party support is on the way), new contextual commands appear on the Touch Bar, and the system tools roll up into a condensed version on the right side of the strip. You can still access volume and brightness controls, but to get the full default list of commands back, you'll have to tap on a small arrow to expand it (which also hides the contextual commands for the app you're currently using). View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Having spent some serious hands-on time with the Touch Bar version of the new 13-inch MacBook Pro, and testing its capabilities with a wide range of apps, it feels like a tool that can enhance your computing experience, but won't revolutionize it. It does less than a full touchscreen might, but Apple has found a way to use it to cut down on keystrokes, streamline tasks and add additional levels of fine control. I almost immediately started find little things it did better than traditional keyboard and touchpad input Some who've seen the Touch Bar only from afar call it a gimmick, but I almost immediately started finding little things it did better than traditional keyboard and touchpad input, and after a very short time I was using a handful of these Touch Bar functions instinctively, without even thinking about it. If you spend a bit of time trying it out in different apps, you'll end up with maybe a half-dozen or so shortcuts you love the Touch Bar for, while your computing experience remains otherwise unchanged. That makes it harder to justify as an expensive add-on to the new MacBook Pro line. The least expensive Touch Bar system is the one reviewed here, at $1,799 (£1,749 or AU$2,699). That's a $300 jump over the more mainstream $1,499 entry level MacBook Pro (£1,449 or AU$2,199), which lacks the Touch Bar. But in addition to the Touch Bar, this version also has a faster processor (a 2.9GHz Intel Core i5, versus a 2.0GHz Core i5), marginally better integrated Intel graphics (Iris 550 versus Iris 540), and it doubles the number of included USB-C Thunderbolt ports to four. So at least you're getting more for your $300 than just the Touch Bar. View full gallery The new MacBook Pro has a shallower butterfly keyboard. Sarah Tew/CNET Previously, the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro cost $1,299 (£1,249 or AU$1,999), but that model had half the storage of these new ones, only 128GB. Note that if you're kicking yourself for missing out on the older Pro (which was excellent in its own right), with its lower starting price and wider variety of ports, Apple is still selling a single 13-inch and single 15-inch 2015-era configuration, at least for now. Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch) Price as reviewed $1,799, £1,749 or AU$2,699 Display size/resolution 13.3-inch 2,560 x 1,600 PC CPU 2.9GHz Intel Core i5 PC Memory 8GB 1866MHz LPDDR3 Graphics Intel Iris Graphics 550 Storage 256GB PCIe SSD Networking 802.11ac wireless, Bluetooth 4.2 Operating system macOS Sierra One bar, many versions The Touch Bar is is filled with possibilities, but like the branching menus within menus it's supposed to replace, some of its functions can remain buried under additional taps and swipes, depending on which apps you use it with. There's only so much one can fit into a 2,170x60 display. Actual instructions for how to use the Touch Bar are sparse. Instead, it's up to you to eyeball the new buttons that pop up contextually in each supported application and figure out how to use them. In most cases, it's presented logically, but some on-screen buttons have layers within them, and navigating deeper in and then moving back out isn't always intuitive (as in the case of Photos, Apple's photo organizing and tweaking app). In other cases, the Touch Bar buttons are a perfect distillation of the most important functions in an app (such as Safari or Messages), and easy to pick up and use immeidately. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Each Touch Bar series of commands has its own visual and organizational language. That's easy enough to translate when only Apple-created programs are supported, but we'll have to wait and see how other software makers handle the Touch Bar. Windows PC makers have struggled for years with how to properly present proprietary software interfaces, asking consumers to learn and relearn new behaviors for apps they may already be familiar with, or for programs and features that may disappear or change radically in the next version. Adobe is one company you really want to watch in this space. A key partner for Touch Bar support, Photoshop will add Touch Bar controls later this year. It'll be very interesting to see what they do, and if long-time Photoshop users take to it. That's especially important because Adobe is a master of extreme usability and platform continuity. (As an example, I took a single-semester Photoshop tutorial course as a college undergrad way back in the 1990s. All these years later, and through countless versions of Photoshop, and I can still sit down in front of the latest iteration of the software and have a basic idea of what I'm doing.) View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET Microsoft has also pledged to add Touch Bar support for Office. But until those companies and others deliver, it's all about Apple's in-house apps, including Mail, Messages, iTunes and Safari. I found the Touch Bar added something useful to each of these, but that's predicated on actually using those apps. If you prefer Spotify to iTunes, or Chrome to Safari, there's not much the Touch Bar can do for you from within those apps, besides the basic system functions previously mapped to the Function key row, such a volume controls. One interesting comparison to make is to Microsoft's new Surface Dial. That physical control knob works on many Windows PCs, but is specifically designed with the Surface Studio desktop in mind, and it covers a lot of the same ground as the Touch Bar. Both the Bar and Dial offer easier access to specific menu items in select apps. Like the Touch Bar, the Dial provides basic system functions, including volume controls, when not in a supported app. Both are very early in their development, and both call out for wider app support (neither has a Photoshop-specific set of controls yet). For illustrators and animators, I can see the real appeal of the Surface Dial and its big, analog-feeling wheel. For more efficient general computing, so far I find that Apple's Touch Bar is the more immediately useful of the two ideas. First steps The initial thing you'll want to do with the Touch Bar is set up Touch ID. That uses Apple's custom T1 security chip, which is built into the system, and the fingerprint reader that sits on the far right side of the Touch Bar. Setup is similar to an iPhone, with repeated fingertaps on the sensor recording fingerprint data. Unlike an iPhone and iPad, Macs support multiple user profiles, so each person using the machine can set up fingerprint access to their profile. View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET User switching via fingerprint is especially impressive, and nearly instantaneous. I set up a "CNET" profile linked to one finger and a personal profile linked to a different finger. Just by placing each finger in turn on the Touch ID and clicking down (it's both a fingerprint sensor and a physical button), the profiles switched on the fly. After setting up the fingerprint access, which can also be used for Apple Pay purchases from supported merchants, you might also want to change the default lineup of buttons available on the Touch Bar. That menu is a little hard to find, tucked away in System Preferences under Keyboard > Customize Control Strip (oddly, it's called Control Strip here, and not Touch Bar). View full gallery Sarah Tew/CNET From that menu, new buttons can be dragged down to the bottom of the screen, where they'll appear on the Touch Bar, and from there, can be moved left and right. For example, I swapped out the Launch Pad button for a Show Desktop button. The default setup is the logical choice for most, but customization options are always welcome. Here's how the Touch Bar works in a few key apps: Continue to next page 01 02 Best laptops of 2016 See All Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga (OLED) Starting at: $1,682.10 4.5 stars This professional version of Lenovo's Yoga hybrid is expensive, but packs in plenty of... Apple MacBook 2016 Starting at: $1,199.00 4 stars The 12-inch MacBook gets a better battery and faster performance, but it's still a one-port-wonder. HP EliteBook Folio G1 Starting at: $1,319.00 4 stars This 12.5-inch 4K laptop feels like a Windows version of the 12-inch MacBook. Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Starting at: $697.99 4 stars By including a keyboard cover and AMOLED display, the TabPro S offers more for less than... Dan Ackerman twitter facebook googleplus Dan Ackerman leads CNET's coverage of laptops, desktops, and Windows tablets, while also writing about games, gadgets, and other topics. A former radio DJ and member of Mensa, he's written about music and technology for more than 15 years, appearing in publications including Spin, Blender, and Men's Journal. See full bio This week on CNET News Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Google PhotoScan saves irreplaceable photos in four snaps Twitter finds new ways to put hate speech on mute   Discuss: Apple MacBook Pro with Touch Bar (13-inch,... Conversation powered by Livefyre © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement cnet Reviews All Reviews Audio Cameras Laptops Phones Roadshow Smart Home Tablets TVs News All News Apple Crave Internet Microsoft Mobile Sci-Tech Security Tech Industry Video All Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Next Big Thing On Cars Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts More About CBS Interactive About CNET CNET 100 CNET Deals CNET Forums CNET Magazine CNET Mobile Help Center Permissions Follow CNET via... Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Newsletters RSS
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Iot Emergent Tech Internet of Things Intel's new chip targets industrial IoT The E3900 family doubles performance 27 Oct 2016 at 18:29, Kieren McCarthy Kieren McCarthy Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Security , Iana, Icann, Fcc, Google Recent Articles Google makes it to third base with Home digital assistant Twitter trolls are destroying democracy, warn eggheads Fresh Euro Patent Office drama: King Battistelli fires union boss Intel has made a big play for the expanding internet-of-things market with an updated Atom processor that offers double the computing and three times the graphics performance. The E3900 family of three chips is an update to the E3800 from 2013 and, according to the VP of Intel's Internet of Things Group, Ken Caviasca, has been built "from the ground up" in order to fit with modern IoT needs. Caviasca described the new chip family as a "very targeted product" and one that has been carefully designed to fit with the unique needs of the IoT market. In practical terms that means that the E3900 has focused on several aspects: massive scalability, interoperability and security. Perhaps the main feature of IoT is the fact that people expect to roll out a very large number of sensors and have them both share data and make sense of that data. As such, the E3900 has been designed to sit in both devices and gateways. Caviasca is also proud of the chip's "time coordinated computing" or TCC, which will enable different machines/sensors to work together very precisely – such as on a production line. Due to the fact that the market is "not static" – code for wildly unpredictable – the chips are also highly programmable and allow for individual sensor configuration. And, in line with everyone's fears about IoT, security has been beefed up to ensure that products with Intel chips don't become the next monster botnet. The E3900 is focused squarely on the industrial market with Caviasca highlighting three main sectors that Intel will target: automotive, industrial and video. Which means imaging in autonomous cars, cameras and production lines, and IP cameras/network video recorders. The chips support Ultra HD/4K video at 60Hz. Among the security features come intelligent features like a measured boot time: if your device takes longer than normal to boot up, the system flags it up as potentially compromised. It also includes a range of security specs, from video copy prevention HDCP2.2, to the new TPM 2.0 spec for secure cryptoprocessors, to a number of specs added "because customers asked us to." The E3900 family comprises the E3930, 40 and 50 – you can read the full specs on the Intel factsheet. It can handle temperatures from -40 to 85 degrees Celsius (-40 to 185 Farenheit). The chips are slightly larger than the current E3800, but offer 1.7x computing performance and 2.9x graphics performance over it. They will ship in Q1 next year. Intel hasn't released pricing but it will be "mid-to-high-end," according to Caviasca. He predicts the product life of the chip to be around three years, but with them deployed for up to 10 years. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 20 Comments More from The Register Yeah, that '50bn IoT devices by 2020' claim is a load of dog toffee IDTechX report takes a swipe at other analysts' 'hype bubble' 28 Comments Dell bundles bundle of systems-bundlers into its IoT van Secure or not, it's great if someone's making money Building IoT London: Still working on your pitch? Mmm, OK, you’ve got a week till the call for papers shuts 7 Comments Building IOT London sessions: From tiny sensors to big data Early-bird tickets take flight 14 Comments Cisco-backed iOT comms aspirant LoRa ships IoT dev kit Thing-makers get a bi-directional wireless standard they can all agree on 2 Comments Intel taps baton, tells the IoT orchestra to tune up Chipzilla updates dev environment for Thing connectivity Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Microsoft Surface Book i7 (2016) vs Surface Book (2015) vs Surface Pro 4: What's the difference? Britta O'Boyle27 October 2016Laptops Microsoft Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Microsoft announced a couple of new devices to its mobile computing portfolio in 2015 with the launch of the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Book. One year on and a new device has joined the party in the form of the Surface Book with Performance Base, on sale from the middle of November. The Surface Pro 4 is a tablet with the potential for a keyboard attachment while the Surface Books are laptops with detachable keyboards. Despite sounding like similar devices taking different angles, they aren't, and they will appeal to different people. To help you work out which one might be the right one for you, here is how the new Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base, or Surface Book i7, compares to last year's Surface Book and the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft Surface Book with Performance Base preview Microsoft Surface Book (2016) vs Surface Book (2015) vs Surface Pro 4: Design Surface Pro 4 is significantly lighter than Surface Books Surface Books offer fully-fledged keyboard Surface Pro 4 about portability, Surface Books about power The Surface Pro 4 features a magnesium case, measures 292.1 x 201.4 x 8.5mm and weighs either 766g or 786g, depending on the configuration. Microsoft claims it is the perfect balance of size and power for working on the go. The Surface Books also feature a magnesium case, but rather than being primarily displays with the option of attaching a keyboard, they are laptops that offer the convenience of detaching the displays should you wish to. Microsoft describes them as the laptop to handle any task. The 2015 model of the Surface Book as a laptop measures 312.3 x 232.1mm with a thickness of 13mm to 22.8mm and it weighs either 1516g or 1576g, depending on the configuration, making it over double the weight of the Surface Pro 4. The 2016 model offers exactly the same measurements as the 2015 model, but the Performance Base element means it is heavier, starting at 1647g.  Both the Surface Books feature something called a Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge, which keeps them balanced at any angle, while the Surface Pro 4 is more about portability. The Surface Pro 4 features a built-in stand so it can prop itself up and a Type Cover can be bought separately providing users with an ultra-thin keyboard with back-lit keys and a large 5-point sensitivity trackpad, but it isn't laptop standard. Both Surface Books on the other hand, feature fully-fledged keyboards that Microsoft describes as "quiet, stable and comfortable". It says this offers best-in-class keystroke. They also feature a trackpad with 10-points of sensitivity. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review Microsoft Surface Book (2016) vs Surface Book (2015) vs Surface Pro 4: Display Surface Pro 4 has a slightly smaller screen than Surface Books Same display technology and pixel density across all models Surface Pen included with all models The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 has a PixelSense display that the company claims was made to be viewed, touched and written on. It measures 12.3-inches and it features a 2736 x 1824 resolution, which equates to 5 million pixels and a pixel density of 267ppi. The Surface Books have larger displays than the Surface Pro 4 with 13.5-inch screens featuring 3000 x 2000 pixel resolutions for the same pixel density of 267ppi. The Surface Books are in a 3:2 aspect ratio and use Microsoft's PixelSense display technology too so again, they have been made for viewing, touching and writing on. Ultimately, the display experience of the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Books will be the same, aside from a little extra space on the Surface Books. The Surface Pen that comes with the Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Books has 1024 levels of pressure senstivity, along with an eraser on the other end, allowing users to write and erase on the screens as they would with a traditional pencil. It is attached to the devices magnetically and it offers a full year of use with its battery. Microsoft Surface Book (2015) review Microsoft Surface Book (2016) vs Surface Book (2015) vs Surface Pro 4: Hardware and power Surface Pro 4 has five configuration options as standard, with Intel m3, i5 and i7 models Surface Book (2015) has seven configuration options with option to upgrade GPU Surface Book Performance Base has three configuration options, all of which use i7 Surface Book Performance Base has almost double battery life of Surface Pro 4 The base model of the Surface Pro 4 features the Intel Core m3 processor with Intel HD graphics 515, 128GB SSD and 4GB of RAM. The top end model has the Intel Core i7 chip, Intel Iris graphics, 256GB SSD and 16GB of RAM. There are five configurations available as standard but it's also possible to customise to suit you.  The base model of the 2015 Surface Book has the Intel Core i5 processor, Intel HD graphics, 128GB SSD and 8GB of RAM, while the top model has the Intel Core i7, Nvidia GeForce graphics, 1TB SSD and 16GB of RAM. There are seven configurations available as standard due to the option of upgrading the GPU. The base model of the 2016 Surface Book Performance Base features the Intel Core i7 processor, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory, 256GB SSD and 8GB of RAM. There are only three configurations available for this device, with the top model offering the same processor and graphics, but offering double the RAM at 16GB and 1TB SSD. The Surface Books are aimed at all out power users, with the ability to run professional-grade software such as Adobe Creative Cloud and AutoCAD. The Surface Pro 4 on the other hand, will run professional grade apps, but 3D modelling with AutoCAD is restricted to the i7 model, for example. In terms of battery life, the Surface Pro 4 is claimed to offer 9 hours. The 2015 Surface Book bumps this up to 12 hours and the Surface Book with Performance Base offers 16 hours. Microsoft Surface Book 2016 goes super-powerful, increases battery life, amps graphics Microsoft Surface Book (2016) vs Surface Book (2015) vs Surface Pro 4: Connections and ports All models have USB 3.0 Surface Pro 4 has microSD slot, while Surface Books have full-size SD card slot All models run Windows 10 Pro The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 and the Surface Books all feature USB 3.0, but the Surface Books have two ports while the Surface Pro 4 only has the one. The Surface Books also offer a full-size SD card reader, while the Surface Pro 4 only features a microSD card reader. All three have a Mini DisplayPort, headphone jack and a power connector though. They also all run on Windows 10 Pro and offer a 30-day Office 365 30-day trial. Microsoft Surface Book (2016) vs Surface Book (2015) vs Surface Pro 4: Price Surface Pro 4 cheapest starting price Surface Book Performance Base most expensive, as you'd expect The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 starts at £749 for the base model we mentioned previously, increasing to £2199 for the top-specced model.  The Microsoft Surface Book 2015 model starts at £1045 for the base model, increasing to £2649 for the top-specced model. The Microsoft Surface Book Performance Base will start at $2399 for the base model and it will be available mid-November. Microsoft Surface Pro 4 review Microsoft Surface Book (2015) review Microsoft Surface Book Performance Base review Sections Microsoft Tablets Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Google Play Music gets smarter and much better looking Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Rumored Partnership Between Intel and Apple Won't Happen Sorry, but this just doesn't make sense in light of what we know about the performance of Intel's cellular modems. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 27, 2016 at 12:02PM There have been rumors going around -- more like speculation -- that at some point Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will tap Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) to manufacture its A-series applications processors for the iPhone. Not only that, but that same line of speculation also calls for Apple to integrate Intel's modem technology into its processors as part of the contract chip manufacturing negotiation. I have written about why I don't see this as likely at any point in the near to medium term -- mainly because such a project would be quite risky with significant potential points of failure that are outside Apple's control. Thanks to some new data, the argument against this becomes substantially stronger. Image source: Intel.  Intel's modems perform poorly It would be risky enough for Apple to both migrate to Intel for chip manufacturing services and to incorporate Intel's modem technology in an Apple chip design even if Intel's modems were best-in-class performers. The argument totally falls apart if Intel's modems simply aren't that good. As luck would have it, Cellular Insights recently compared the cellular performances of the iPhone 7 with an Intel modem and the iPhone 7 with a Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) modem, finding that the Qualcomm version delivers vastly superior cellular performance to the Intel modem. Or, put a little more bluntly, the Intel modem isn't up to snuff. It seems that Apple didn't choose to use the Intel modem for its performance or quality -- otherwise, Intel clearly wouldn't have won the design -- but rather as a means of making sure that it has multiple suppliers for modems going forward. It appears unlikely that Apple would risk embedding a modem from a second-rate modem supplier into its industry-leading A-series processors. Indeed, if Apple were interested in integrating a modem into its smartphone processors in the near term, a licensing deal with Qualcomm for its modem technology would be the more logical choice, though it's not clear how amenable Qualcomm would be to that, given that its modem technology is its crown jewel. Over the long term, Apple may need to build its own Today, Apple uses standalone modems from both Qualcomm and Intel, making it the only major smartphone vendor to not use modems integrated into the applications processor itself. Apple could conceivably keep on simply using standalone modems from multiple vendors, or it could build an in-house modem for eventual integration into the A-series processors. I suspect that for the next several generations at least, Apple will continue to use standalone modems. Building a competent, let alone leadership, modem is no easy feat -- especially if the technology is being built largely from scratch, as an Apple modem probably would be. Over the long term, though, I wouldn't be surprised if Apple built its own, if only to eliminate its dependence on third-party suppliers for such a critical component. Such an effort would be expensive, and likely to produce many failed modems along the way. But if Apple is serious about it, I suspect it'll eventually be able to build its own competent cellular modem. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 12:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Microsoft Surface Studio versus HP Envy 27: which… Microsoft Surface Studio versus HP Envy 27: which all-in-one truly has it all? By Will Nicol — October 27, 2016 8:41 AM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends The latest addition to Microsoft’s lineup of Surface products is the Surface Studio, an all-in-one computer designed for artists and other creative professionals. From what we have seen so far, it’s an impressive device. The Surface Studio could be a shot across the bow to other all-in-one manufacturers like HP, whose latest Envy 27 model is one of the best all-in-one desktops around. In this clash of the expensive titans, who will prevail? While we cannot say for sure until we test the Studio for ourselves, we can make a preliminary ruling by examining the available specs. Related: Microsoft unveils pricey but powerful Surface Book update, Surface Studio at NY event Microsoft Surface Studio HP Envy All-in-One 27 Dimensions 25.1 x 17.3 x 0.5 in 25.7 x 19.3 x 7.95 in Weight 21 lbs 24 lbs Processor  Intel i5 or i7  Intel i5 or i7 RAM 8, 16, 32GB 8, 12, 16GB Graphics Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M, Nvidia GeForce GTX 980M  2GB Nvidia GeForce GTX 950M Display 28” PixelSense Display LCD 27” LED QHD Resolution 4,500 x 3,000 2,560 x 1,440 Storage 1TB or 2TB Rapid Hybrid Drive 1TB SATA hard disk, optional SSDs Networking  802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.0, Xbox Wireless  802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2 Ports 4 x USB 3.0 (one high power port)Full-size SD card reader (SDXC) compatibleMini DisplayPortHeadset jackCompatible with Surface Dial on-screen interaction*1 Gigabit Ethernet port USB 3.0 Type A, one USB 3.1 Type C, plus HDMI-in and HDMI-out, headphone/microphone jack Webcam 5.0 MP camera with 1080p HD video (front)Autofocus camera with 1080p HD video (rear) 1080p HD IR camera Operating System Windows 10 Windows 10 Price $3,000 $1,300 Availability Pre-order at Microsoft HP Review  N/A N/A Specs Both of these computers offer models that include Intel Core i5 or i7 processors. We actually don’t know yet what exact models the Surface Studio will ship with, but they’ll probably be 65-watt or 95-watt variants of the desktop line. HP’s Envy, by contrast, has a 35-watt “T” series chip. So it’s likely that, due to its lower power draw, its performance will be a hair behind the Surface Studio. The Studio and the Envy start at 8GB of RAM, although the Studio maxes out at 32GB, which is twice that of the Envy’s maximum of 16GB. Frankly, 32GB is overkill for all but the most extreme scenarios. But if you want it, only the Surface Studio has it. The Studio also edges the Envy out in terms of graphical power — its lower-tier option is a GeForce 965M, a graphics card that is still better than the Envy’s GeForce 950M. This should help when powering professional 3D applications, performing GPU compute operations and, of course, when playing games. Overall, the Surface Studio has a bit more juice than the Envy, although the differences are not massive. Display The Envy sports a 27-inch QHD display with 2,560 x 1,440-pixel resolution, which amounts to 3.6 million pixels. The Studio features a 28-inch display, with 13.5 million pixels and 4,500 x 3,000-pixel resolution. Both displays have touchscreens, although the Studio’s display works with the Surface pen as well as the new Surface Dial, which can fasten to the screen, allowing users to easily use rotary functions. The Surface Studio also has the built-in ability to instantly switch color spaces using a toggle in the Windows notification pane. That’s a handy extra that artists and photographers will love. Although the Envy’s display is great, the Surface Studio looks to blow it out of the water. Connectivity There isn’t much difference in connectivity. Both machines have Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, however, the Studio only uses Bluetooth 4.0, whereas the Envy has 4.2, which is slightly faster. The Surface Studio does have Xbox Wireless built-in, so if you want to connect an Xbox controller to your PC, you can do so easily. Given how the Surface seems geared toward art and design, this seems somewhat superfluous, but it’s a nice addition nonetheless. Design This is a win-win scenario. Both machines are designed with an eye toward artistry, cramming the computer components into discrete base units, allowing for thin, lightweight monitors. The Envy has a glass display mounted on a slim metal stand;, resulting in a machine with a unobtrusive profile. The built-in webcam can also retract into the display when not in use, keeping the profile simple and protecting the user’s privacy. The Envy’s base has built-in Bang & Olufsen speakers, with a simple touchpad for adjusting volume. Microsoft described the Studio’s display as a “floating sheet of pixels,” and the metaphor is apt. The absurdly slim display rests on a chrome “zero gravity hinge,” which allows the user to maneuver the display to various configurations. Keep it upright, lay it flat, or anything in between. This makes it a great tool for creative sorts who want to draw or edit images by hand. Going off the claims by Microsoft, moving the display should feel effortless. The Studio features a discrete webcam and Dolby speakers. The Studio’s accessories are a big part of the draw. The Surface Pen and Dial open up huge possibilities for those who like to work with their hands. The Dial allows users to rotate images on the screen, shrink or enlarge images, and more, with straightforward haptic feedback. Availability and price Perhaps the biggest distinction between the two machines is pricing. The cheapest version of of the Envy costs $1,300, running up to $1,700. The Studio, meanwhile, bottoms out at an astounding $3,000, with the most expensive version running a cost of $4,200. The latest model Envy is available now, while the Surface is currently available for preorder, set to be released December 15, 2016. Conclusion Overall, the Surface Studio seems like a more powerful, more beautiful machine than the Envy, but it comes with a tremendous price tag. Whether users should choose one or the other is largely a matter of lifestyle. For creative professionals — artists, architects, and so on — who want a desktop they can do all their work on, the Surface is clearly designed for them. It can recline back for easier touch use, which is something the HP Envy AIO doesn’t do, and it has unique productivity peripherals, like the Surface Dial. For everyone else, the Envy seems like a much more affordable device with a great deal of functionality. Also watch: HP Spectre Review Please enable Javascript to watch this video
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Rumored Partnership Between Intel and Apple Won't Happen Sorry, but this just doesn't make sense in light of what we know about the performance of Intel's cellular modems. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 27, 2016 at 12:02PM There have been rumors going around -- more like speculation -- that at some point Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will tap Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) to manufacture its A-series applications processors for the iPhone. Not only that, but that same line of speculation also calls for Apple to integrate Intel's modem technology into its processors as part of the contract chip manufacturing negotiation. I have written about why I don't see this as likely at any point in the near to medium term -- mainly because such a project would be quite risky with significant potential points of failure that are outside Apple's control. Thanks to some new data, the argument against this becomes substantially stronger. Image source: Intel.  Intel's modems perform poorly It would be risky enough for Apple to both migrate to Intel for chip manufacturing services and to incorporate Intel's modem technology in an Apple chip design even if Intel's modems were best-in-class performers. The argument totally falls apart if Intel's modems simply aren't that good. As luck would have it, Cellular Insights recently compared the cellular performances of the iPhone 7 with an Intel modem and the iPhone 7 with a Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) modem, finding that the Qualcomm version delivers vastly superior cellular performance to the Intel modem. Or, put a little more bluntly, the Intel modem isn't up to snuff. It seems that Apple didn't choose to use the Intel modem for its performance or quality -- otherwise, Intel clearly wouldn't have won the design -- but rather as a means of making sure that it has multiple suppliers for modems going forward. It appears unlikely that Apple would risk embedding a modem from a second-rate modem supplier into its industry-leading A-series processors. Indeed, if Apple were interested in integrating a modem into its smartphone processors in the near term, a licensing deal with Qualcomm for its modem technology would be the more logical choice, though it's not clear how amenable Qualcomm would be to that, given that its modem technology is its crown jewel. Over the long term, Apple may need to build its own Today, Apple uses standalone modems from both Qualcomm and Intel, making it the only major smartphone vendor to not use modems integrated into the applications processor itself. Apple could conceivably keep on simply using standalone modems from multiple vendors, or it could build an in-house modem for eventual integration into the A-series processors. I suspect that for the next several generations at least, Apple will continue to use standalone modems. Building a competent, let alone leadership, modem is no easy feat -- especially if the technology is being built largely from scratch, as an Apple modem probably would be. Over the long term, though, I wouldn't be surprised if Apple built its own, if only to eliminate its dependence on third-party suppliers for such a critical component. Such an effort would be expensive, and likely to produce many failed modems along the way. But if Apple is serious about it, I suspect it'll eventually be able to build its own competent cellular modem. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 12:02PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back HPE, Intel to offer computing as service IANS | Bengaluru Oct 27, 2016 08:04 PM IST IT major Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) and chip-maker Intel have jointly set up a centre of excellence in this tech hub to provide computing as a service to research institutions and academia. "The centre will enable research institutions and academia to test their applications on our high performance computing platform as a service with Intel technologies for early adoption," said HPE India Director Vikram K on Thursday. Customers can access the platform even remotely through a cloud-driven model, which can be replicated in their data centres. Indian research institutions and academia use high performance computing for big data analytics and simulations of complex processes and in large projects. "High performance computing will play a major role in the government's proposed National Supercomputing Mission, which will create a grid of 70 supercomputers, connecting academic and research institutions across the country for developing applications of national use," Vikram told reporters here on the occasion. The HPE-Intel centre will also train new users and enable developers to hone their ability to leverage parallelism and vectorisation in Intel's central processing units. "There is a need in research and academic institutions for computational power to process large volumes of data, solve complex mathematical problems and repeat calculations for multiplicative situations," asserted Vikram. With Intel technology and HPE's systems and services, the centre will also allow customers to validate their applications and achieve optimised system performance and scale," added Intel Regional Manager Ravi Gupta. --IANS fb/pgh/dg Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation Everyone carrying Rs 500, 1000 notes is not black money hoarder: SC to govt As Trump mellows, Obama calls him non-ideological pragmatist More From Current Affairs 4 killed in Kabul bombing Bhiwandi court grants bail to Rahul Gandhi in defamation case India's diplomatic blitz to disturb peace, says Pakistan Rajya Sabha discusses demonetisation At minus 9.4 degrees Leh town coldest in J&K [ more ] Top Stories One week on: 25 deaths, chaos, never-ending bank queues and frustrated customers Reliance Jio's handset may be the cheapest 4G phone in India Nifty holds 8,150 amid rangebound trade; TCS up 4% Demonetisation: Is any big industrialist standing in queue, asks Rahul Gandhi One week after demonetisation announcement, crores old currency notes burned, destroyed,dumped [ more ] Markets Nifty holds 8,150 amid rangebound trade; TCS up 4% Garware-Wall Ropes hits record high on strong Q2 results Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years, to be valued at $20 bn Can Fin Homes gains after falling 26% in two trading sessions Markets trim early gains; Nifty hovers near 8,150 [ more ] Companies Demonetisation: Property sales halve, realty resale market hits a wall Nusli Wadia to write to shareholders on Tata's bad overseas buys, massive losses Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman, Harish Bhat named new boss Google announces new London office, 3,000 jobs expected JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan [ more ] Opinion Subir Roy: Black money chase: Crusade or political strategy? Demonetisation: Can India go cashless? Demonetisation: Misalignment of note sizes part of a bigger problem Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth [ more ] Latest News One week on: 25 deaths, chaos, never-ending bank queues and frustrated customers Former Twitter India head Rishi Jaitly to be CEO of Times Global Chaos, long queues continue at banks; most ATMs run out of cash Media fumbles as NOTA wins US elections with 42% evading polls Reliance Jio's handset may be the cheapest 4G phone in India [ more ] Today's Paper Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman, Harish Bhat named new boss Demonetisation blues make markets see red, Sensex nears 6-month low Demonetisation: Property sales halve, realty resale market hits a wall Nusli Wadia to write to shareholders on Tata's bad overseas buys, massive losses JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan [ more ] News you can use Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TIWUOs Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Companies Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Intel launch new Centre of Excellence in Bengaluru The Centre of Excellence provides a great opportunity to engage with our customers and better understand their requirements, says Vikram K, Director, Servers, HPE India. Aditya Bhat   October 27, 2016 20:13 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares Hewlett Packard Enterprise along with Intel launched a new Center of Excellence in Bengaluru.Facebook/Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) India in collaboration with Intel India announced the launch of a new Centre of Excellence (CoE) on Thursday. The new Centre of Excellence (CoE) would demonstrate High Performance Computing (HPC)-as-a-service for customers, the company said in a statement. Why advertise with us? Related HP Enterprise to merge IT services unit with Computer Sciences Blackstone Group will acquire Mphasis in a deal worth Rs. 7,285 crore Bengaluru has some big research institutions and other academia, these institutions can use CoE's facilities for testing applications on HPC platforms. This will also speed up HPC adoption in the country. "There is a growing need amongst research and academic institutions for high levels of computational power to process large volumes of data, solve highly complex mathematical problems, and repeat calculations for multiplicative situations," said Vikram K, Director, Servers, HPE India. "The CoE provides a great opportunity to engage with our customers and better understand their HPC requirements," he added. The infrastructure at the CoE can be remotely accessed by customers via its cloud-driven model. India is increasingly embracing HPC as it aids in big data analytics, simulations of complex processes and large-scale research projects. It was also stressed that the HPC would play "key role" in National Supercomputing Mission (NSM), in which the government is expected to create a grid of over seventy supercomputers which are in turn connected to academic and research institutions across the country. This is likely to allow them to develop applications of national relevance. What does this particular CoE offer HPE customers? Customers will be able to access latest purpose-built HPE Apollo platforms and solutions from HPE. This will include Intel technologies in order to validate their application stacks. It will also facilitate on-boarding and training of new users and developers. Further it will also sharpen their ability to leverage parallelism and vectorisation capabilities in the latest Intel CPUs, the statement said. Moreover, the CoE will leverage HPC infrastructure of Intel's Scalable System Framework, based on HPE Apollo 2000 and 6000 server platforms. Additionally, customers will also be able to access HPE HPC engineering experts to address complex parallel processing challenges. The HPC-as-a-service model allows customers to request computing power online through a self-service portal. Customers can select from the inventory of configurable infrastructure and they can form compute clusters to run their applications. This cloud-based model allows for agility in provisioning the compute power and efficiency of automation without operational delays, the statement noted. Also read Blackstone nears deal to buy HP Enterprise stake in India's Mphasis: Reuters sources Post Comment IBT TV Close Google, Microsoft, Disney: Which company will buy Twitter? Why advertise with us? Latest News Snapchat confidentially files for Initial Public Offering 27 minutes ago By Kalyani Pandey Sensex posts early gains on low inflation, weak dollar 1 hour ago By Debasis Mohapatra Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular Cathay Pacific plans to increase air cargo services to India Currently, Hong Kong-based Cathay Pacific Airways serves six Indian cities. SBI shares gain sharply on demonetisation drive; bank says ATMs to dispense smaller denominations soon Deposit surge after demonetisation lifts SBI shares; chairman Arundhati Bhattacharya assures smaller denominations from ATMs. Mahindra XUV500 and Scorpio to get petrol variants next year To contain sliding market share in the UV segment, M&M is likely to come up with petrol variants of XUV500 and Scorpio. Samsung to buy Harman International for $8 billion Samsung said US-based Harman, a global leader in connected car technology, is a natural extension of its automotive strategy push. Expedia-owned Trivago files for IPO worth $400 million Morgan Stanley, JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs are leading the deal for the hotel booking website. EasyJet could move out of UK to keep flying after Brexit Over 30% of easyJet's flights are between and within member-states other than Britain. Snapchat confidentially files for Initial Public Offering Companies that have revenues less than $1 billion can secretly file for a public offering. Photo Gallery Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja Photos of Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja. Purab Kohli celebrates Children's Day 2016 Photos of Purab Kohli celebrates Children's Day 2016. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home Photos Videos XML Contact Us News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Home » News » Karnataka News » HPE, Intel to offer computing as service HPE, Intel to offer computing as service 20 days ago | 27-10-2016 | IANS Bengaluru, Oct 27 : IT major Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) and chip-maker Intel have jointly set up a centre of excellence in this tech hub to provide computing as a service to research institutions and academia. "The centre will enable research institutions and academia to test their applications on our high performance computing platform as a service with Intel technologies for early adoption," said HPE India Director Vikram K on Thursday. Customers can access the platform even remotely through a cloud-driven model, which can be replicated in their data centres. Indian research institutions and academia use high performance computing for big data analytics and simulations of complex processes and in large projects. "High performance computing will play a major role in the government's proposed National Supercomputing Mission, which will create a grid of 70 supercomputers, connecting academic and research institutions across the country for developing applications of national use," Vikram told reporters here on the occasion. The HPE-Intel centre will also train new users and enable developers to hone their ability to leverage parallelism and vectorisation in Intel's central processing units. "There is a need in research and academic institutions for computational power to process large volumes of data, solve complex mathematical problems and repeat calculations for multiplicative situations," asserted Vikram. With Intel technology and HPE's systems and services, the centre will also allow customers to validate their applications and achieve optimised system performance and scale," added Intel Regional Manager Ravi Gupta. fb/pgh/dg Previous News Next News News Categories World India Business Sports Bollywood Hollywood Health Technology Automobile Travel Computer Features BEST OF NK News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology © Copyright 2016. All rights reserved. newkerala.com
null
null

Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Networks Cloudian Raises $41M to Fuel Rapid Adoption of Hybrid Cloud Object Storage Platform Download image Cloudian's scale-out object storage platform and rapid market growth propel its smart data storage vision and go-to-market strategy SAN MATEO, California, Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Cloudian, Inc., the leading provider of hybrid cloud object storage systems, has completed a $41 million financing round. The round includes new investors Lenovo, City National Bank, Epsilon Venture Partners, and DVP Investment. Also participating were all existing investors, including Intel Capital, INCJ, Eight Roads (the proprietary investment arm of FIL, Fidelity International Limited), and Goldman Sachs. The funding brings Cloudian's total capital raised to date to $79 million. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120918/SF75609LOGO The new funds will fuel the company's growth by accelerating innovation, expanding sales and marketing, and growing international operations to meet the rapidly rising demand for scale-out, hybrid cloud object storage solutions. "Data center managers need new solutions to help them contend with today's explosive growth in unstructured data. Across all industries – from media, to medical, to industrial – new applications and technologies are driving 50 percent growth of unstructured data per year, creating a crisis of cost and complexity for storage managers," said Michael Tso, CEO and co-founder, Cloudian. "Cloudian object storage redefines the enterprise data center with hybrid cloud solutions that bring the flexibility and simplicity of public cloud storage into our customer's data centers, simplifying management and reducing TCO by 70 percent versus conventional storage systems." Over the past year, Cloudian has rapidly accelerated customer acceptance with 300 percent increase in bookings, 100 percent growth in its customer base and 100 percent customer retention. Cloudian customers value the company's modular, scale-out design that allows a single storage manager to effectively manage hundreds of petabytes of capacity, a level that would require a dozen or more storage managers with conventional systems. "Connected devices are already generating millions of terabytes of information every day. The challenge is both to manage that information and to analyze and derive value from it," said Lisa Spelman, vice president and general manager, Data Center Marketing Group, Intel. "We believe Cloudian's unified storage approach, which combines data management and data analytics in a single platform running on Intel Architecture, positions data center managers exceptionally well to extract value from the massive volumes of information created by accelerating device connectivity and advances in machine learning." In August, Cloudian announced the availability of Cloudian HyperStore on AWS Marketplace. This enables customers to purchase their on-premises storage on a metered-by-use basis, manage it alongside Amazon S3 storage as a single pool, and then receive a single invoice for both. Furthermore, in June of this year, Cloudian and Lenovo announced an OEM agreement that enables Lenovo's worldwide sales force to offer a Cloudian-based object storage appliance. "Lenovo is committed to driving innovation, efficiency and investment protection into the datacenter," said Peter Hortensius, chief technology and strategy officer, Data Center Group, Lenovo. "This is achieved through both internal development and through investing in partners with best-of-breed solutions. When researching for ways to address the explosive growth in data, Cloudian's storage solution, leveraging scalable x86 infrastructure, was the clear winner." On October 20, Google announced Google Cloud Storage Coldline, a long-term archival storage service. Cloudian is integrated with Coldline, allowing customers to create a hybrid storage environment for rapid data access and nearly instantaneous search. Users store and retrieve data from the Cloudian system on-premises, while applying policies for automatic data migration to Coldline. When data is migrated, metadata is retained within the Cloudian system, allowing Coldline-stored data to be searched locally to accelerate data discovery. Administrators manage all their data, whether on-premises or in the cloud, as a single storage pool. "Until recently the focus for most storage administrators was to store and manage large amounts of data. Businesses are now looking to analyze this goldmine of data to find patterns that could enhance products or services," says Amita Potnis, research manager, IDC. "Cloudian has tackled both problems with a scale-out design and an integrated insight engine that lets users store and analyze data on the same system. This combination changes the game in large-scale storage deployments." Earlier this year Cloudian announced HyperStore 6.0, a significant platform update that bolstered the product's capabilities with proactive data repair, Amazon S3 cross-region replication for disaster recovery, and smart storage features to expand the product's in-platform analytics capabilities. "The challenge of long-term data management is evolving way beyond simply accommodating storage capacity," said Steven Hill, senior storage analyst, 451 Research. "While storing and protecting data remain primary considerations, metadata is the key to extending the value of business data throughout its entire lifecycle. The rich metadata capabilities offered by object storage technology like Cloudian's HyperStore platform, combines massive scalability with detailed and purposeful information about the data itself, whether on-prem or in the cloud." Cloudian HyperStore provides enterprises and managed service provider with petabyte-scale storage, data protection, and smart analytics for use cases including backup/archive, media and entertainment, bioinformatics, IoT, and more. HyperStore can scale from just three nodes to hundreds, allowing systems to be right-sized for any application or organizational need. Cloudian solutions are available as an appliance or as stand-alone software for commodity hardware, and may be configured with a file connector that facilitates CIFS, NFS and FTP services. For more information, please visit: www.cloudian.com. About Cloudian Based in Silicon Valley, Cloudian is the leader in scale-out object storage. Our flagship product, Cloudian HyperStore, enables service providers and enterprises to build reliable, affordable and scalable hybrid cloud storage solutions. Join us on LinkedIn, follow us on Twitter (@CloudianStorage) and Facebook, or visit us at www.cloudian.com. Cloudian Media Contacts: U.S.: McClenahan Bruer cloudian@mcbru.com +1 503-546-1000 Europe: Touchdown PR cloudian@touchdownpr.com +44 (0)1252 717040 SOURCE Cloudian, Inc. RELATED LINKS http://www.cloudian.com More by this Source Cloudian deploys Amazon S3-compatible on-premises object storage, sold and metered in AWS Marketplace 11 Aug, 2016, 10:00 BST Cloudian HyperStore Wins Cloud Product of the Year at the Storage Awards 2016 19 Jul, 2016, 13:00 BST Cloudian, Dentsu and QCT Launch First Smart Data-Driven Advertising Model in Japan 21 Jun, 2016, 14:00 BST View all news by Cloudian, Inc. Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Home Industry Companies HPE ties up with Intel to launch centre of excellence Bengaluru HPE ties up with Intel to launch centre of excellence Bengaluru Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) India joined hands with Intel to launch a Centre of Excellence (CoE) here today that will help demonstrate High Performance Computing (HPC) as a service for customers. By: PTI | Bengaluru | Updated: October 27, 2016 6:46 PM Customers can also access the infrastructure remotely through a cloud-driven model that can be replicated in their data centers, HPE said in a statement here. (Reuters) Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) India joined hands with Intel to launch a Centre of Excellence (CoE) here today that will help demonstrate High Performance Computing (HPC) as a service for customers. The centre will also enable research institutions and academia to test their applications on the latest HPC platform innovations, enabled by Intel technologies, and accelerate HPC adoption in India. Customers can also access the infrastructure remotely through a cloud-driven model that can be replicated in their data centers, HPE said in a statement here. In India, research institutions and academia are increasingly using HPC to accelerate adoption of big data analytics, simulations of complex processes and large-scale research projects, it noted. Additionally, HPC will play a key role in the government’s proposed National Supercomputing Mission (NSM), which aims to create a grid of 70 plus supercomputers connecting various academic and research institutions across the country to help develop applications of national relevance. The CoE will facilitate the on-boarding and training of new users and developers, and enable experienced developers to hone their ability to leverage parallelism and vectorization capabilities in the latest Intel CPUs, it said. The CoE’s HPC infrastructure leverages all the elements of Intel’s Scalable System Framework and is based on the HPE Apollo 2000 and 6000 server platforms that are purpose built for HPC and deliver extreme performance, scale and efficiency. “There is a growing need amongst research and academic institutions for high levels of computational power to process large volumes of data, solve highly complex mathematical problems and repeat calculations for multiplicative situations,” said Director, Servers of HPE India, Vikram K. “The HPE-Intel CoE with the HPE Apollo portfolio and Intel technologies demonstrates our commitment to deliver the best tools, manpower, expertise, and now HPC-as-a-service. The CoE provides a great opportunity to engage with our customers and better understand their HPC requirements,” he said. Combining the advanced Intel technology and HPE’s systems and services, the CoE will provide customers the opportunity to validate their applications on latest HPC Technologies offered under HPE’s portfolio and achieve optimized system performance and scale, while maintaining ease of programming through open standards, Ravi Gupta, Regional Manager, SAARC, HPE Alliance, Intel, the statement said. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Emma Watson starrer ‘Beauty and the Beast’ trailer sets new record in first 24 hrs Indian-Americans elected lawmakers for orientation programme Demonetisation: Twitter rages over use of indelible ink on exchange of Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes Microsoft teams up with Musk's $1 bn OpenAI project technology and in the news Sartaj Aziz to visit India, hints at easing of hostility Tajamul Islam: Eight year old Kashmiri girl-an inspiration to many Sushma Swaraj in AIIMS for kidney failure, wishes and prayers pour on Twitter Demonetisation effect: Kolkata man jailed for not giving alimony to wife in legal tender Demonetisation woes: Gaya temple offers free “pind daan” Life in the White House bubble? Donald Trump had practice Oklahoma City airport shooting suspect found dead  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Gadgets Microsoft launches updated Surface Book with 16-hour battery at $2,399 Microsoft launches updated Surface Book with 16-hour battery at $2,399 Microsoft's new Surface Book comes with Intel Core i7 processor, twice the graphics performance and 16-hour battery life By: Tech Desk | Updated: October 28, 2016 9:34 am Microsoft’s upgraded Surface Book comes with Intel Core i7 processor, twice the graphics performance and 16-hour battery life (Source: Reuters) Microsoft has refreshed its Surface Book portfolio with 30 per cent more battery life and double the graphics performance. At its October event, Microsoft announced upgraded Surface Book which is the most powerful version ever produced. Microsoft is calling the new device – Surface Book i7 – clearly denoting the use of Intel’s Core i7 processor. Microsoft’s updated Surface Book features NVIDIA’s GTX 965M GPU capable of pushing 1.9 teraflops of graphics performance. Microsoft says it redesigned the cooling system in order to allow the processor and GPU work in full force. Microsoft is also touting the battery life upgrade to 16 hours – which definitely means all day battery life. However, Microsoft is not refreshing the design of Surface Book by retaining the all aluminium unibody chassis and dynamic fulcrum hinge. Microsoft says the updated processor allows room for a larger battery and it shows in the form of additional weight. Microsoft Surface Book weighs 1.64Kg in comparison with its predecessor, which weighed around 1.57 kilograms. Microsoft announced Surface Book last year in October as an ideal Windows 10 notebook. While Surface Pro 4 was an hybrid, Surface Book pretended to the full fledged laptop with its own chiclet style keyboard. With Surface Book, Microsoft packed all the guts of the device into the display and made the display detachable for use as a tablet. Microsoft Surface Book features a 13.5-inch PixelSense display with a resolution of 3000 x 2000 pixels and an aspect ratio of 3:2. The Surface Book also comes with Surface Pen for inking and comes in 8 or 16GB RAM. Microsoft Surface Book will be available with 256GB, 512GB or 1TB storage options priced at $2,399, $2,799, and $3,299, respectively. Microsoft’s upgraded Surface Book is up for preorder now and will be available on November 10. The laptop is not expected to hit Indian markets anytime soon. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament LIVE: Mayawati says demonetisation a sensitive issue, want PM Modi to address Rajya Sabha IndiaRahul Gandhi: PM Narendra Modi is running the government of few industrialists IndiaSushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, undergoes dialysis at AIIMS BusinessSBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentDimple Kapadia called Twinkle Khanna 'junglee' and that's where Akshay Kumar came in EntertainmentPM Modi's 'kadak chai' is sweet tea for the honest: Nana Patekar on demonetisation EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan Must Read SportsDemonetisation greatest move in Indian politics: Kohli SportsThere will be few surprises in the playing XI: Virat Kohli SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's the big difference? TechnologyOnePlus 3T goes official: Price, specifications and features TechnologyWhatsApp video calling on Android, iOS: Here is how it works  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Demonetisation: Arvind Kejriwal to hold meeting with farmers, traders US airfares to fall in 2017 amid overcapacity, competition: American Express report Demonetisation is greatest move in history of Indian politics: Virat Kohli Demonetisation: 33 deaths since government scrapped Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
null
null
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Networks | New Products & Services QNAP Launches Enterprise-class TES-x85U NAS Series Featuring Intel Xeon D Processor and Dual OS Options TAIPEI, Taiwan, October 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- QNAP® Systems, Inc. today released the powerful enterprise-class TES-x85U NAS series, including the 18-bay TES-1885U and the 30-bay TES-3085U. Both models are powered by a high-performance yet energy-saving Intel® Xeon® D processor, and provides the choice of dual OS inside a single rackmount NAS. Users can choose to install the business storage QES operating system or the app-centric QTS operating system based on their needs. The TES-x85U series with QES is the perfect backup storage for the dual-controller Enterprise ZFS NAS (ES1640dc). The 12Gb/s SAS-enabled TES-1885U and TES-3085U adopt an advanced 14nm Intel® Xeon® D 64-bit SoC processor with an integrated PCH (6-core and 8-core respectively). Both models have two built-in 10GbE SFP+ ports to natively support 10GbE network environments, and can further boost system performance with PCIe Gen.3 expansion for additional 10GbE/40GbE adapters and PCIe NVMe SSD. The high-density TES-3085U is especially useful for providing an ultra-fast all-flash storage solution that offers up to 24 drive bays and 6 dedicated SDDs bays for caching. The TES-x85U provides the flexibility of two operating systems, either the FreeBSD-based QES for enterprise-level storage with maximized business continuity, or Linux-based QTS for enjoying application storage with greater functionality. "With quality hardware delivering high expandability and reliability alongside powerful software manageability, the TES-x85U is highly suited for mission-critical computing tasks and applications," said David Tsao, Product Manager of QNAP, adding "The extreme flexibility to choose from two operating systems further allows businesses to deploy ideal operating systems on multiple TES-x85U based on their needs and goals in different stages." QES features ZFS, the best file system for business data storage, and supports multiple advanced functions for high-end enterprise storage, including RAID-Z for data protection, nearly limitless snapshots, SnapSync, data deduplication and in-line compression for optimized VDI storage performance, self-healing, and more. With SnapSync, the TES-x85U can be used as an efficient backup system for QNAP Enterprise ZFS NAS to immediately recover all the backed up data locally to take over operations and services with maximized uptime. The TES-x85U with QTS performs as an all-in-one NAS solution. QNAP's Qtier Technology empowers the TES-x85U with Auto Tiering that helps continuously optimize storage efficiency across SSDs and SAS/SATA drives, providing utmost efficient storage center. A comprehensive disaster recovery solution is fulfilled by rich backup options including volume and LUN snapshots, RTRR, rsync and cloud storage backup. Users can create Windows®, Linux®, UNIX® and Android™ virtual machines for extensive applications on the NAS using Virtualization Station, or initiate LXC and Docker® containers and IoT development with Container Station. QTS provides services for diverse application servers (including a web server, VPN server, and FTP server), and the App Center includes hundreds of install-on-demand apps to expand NAS functionality (including Surveillance Station for security surveillance, Q'center for centrally managing multiple QNAP NAS, and more). The TES-x85U series is certified for VMware® vSphere™ 6.0 and supports VAAI, provides compatibility for Microsoft® Hyper-V® with the support for ODX and Windows Server® 2012, and supports Citrix® XenServer™ 6.0 to maximize flexible deployment and management in virtualization environments. The scalable TES-x85U series can connect up to 8 QNAP expansion enclosures (REXP-1620U-RP and REXP-1220U-RP) to flexibly expand its raw capacity. With VJBOD (Virtual JBOD), users can also mount the unused storage capacity from other QNAP NAS units to the TES-x85U and create virtual storage pools and volumes for operating NAS services as if they were using local drives. Key specifications  TES-1885U: Intel® Xeon® D-1531 2.2 GHz 6-core processor; DDR4 RAM, expandable to 128 GB; 12x 2.5" / 3.5" SAS and SATA drives on the front, 6x 2.5" SATA 6Gb/s SSD slots at the rear TES-1885U-D1531-32G: 32 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x2) TES-1885U-D1531-64G: 64 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x4) TES-1885U-D1531-16GR: 16 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x2) TES-1885U-D1531-32GR: 32 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x4) TES-1885U-D1531-128GR: 128 GB ECC RAM (32GB RDIMM x4) TES-3085U: Intel® Xeon® D-1548 2.0 GHz 8-core processor; DDR4 RAM, expandable to 128 GB; 24x 2.5" SAS and SATA drives on the front, 6x 2.5" SATA 6Gb/s SSD slots at the rear TES-3085U-D1548-32G: 32 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x2) TES-3085U-D1548-64G: 64 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x4) TES-3085U-D1548-16GR: 16 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x2) TES-3085U-D1548-32GR: 32 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x4) TES-3085U-D1548-128GR: 128 GB ECC RAM (32GB RDIMM x4) Both are 2U rackmount models; 2x 10GbE SFP+ ports; 4x Gigabit ports; 4x PCIe slots Availability  The TES-1885U NAS is now available; the TES-3085U NAS will be available in November. For more information, and to view the full QNAP NAS lineup, please visit http://www.qnap.com. About QNAP Systems, Inc.  QNAP Systems, Inc., as its brand promise "Quality Network Appliance Provider", aims to deliver comprehensive offerings of cutting edge network attached storage (NAS) and network video recorder (NVR) solutions featured with ease-of-use, robust operation, large storage capacity, and trustworthy reliability. QNAP integrates technologies and designs to bring forth quality products that effectively improve business efficiency on file sharing, virtualization applications, storage management and surveillance in the business environments, as well as enrich entertainment life for home users with the offering of a fun multimedia center experience. Headquartered in Taipei, QNAP delivers its solutions to the global market with nonstop innovation. More information is at http://www.qnap.com. Media Contacts marketing@qnap.com SOURCE QNAP Systems, Inc More by this Source QNAP Unveils Dual-core NAS TS-251A and TS-451A, Featuring a USB QuickAccess Port and Supporting 4K Video Playback and Transcoding 08 Sep, 2016, 07:52 BST QNAP Launches Enterprise ZFS NAS ES1640dc, Featuring Intel Xeon E5 Dual Active Controllers for Near-zero Downtime Reliable Services 25 Aug, 2016, 09:50 BST QNAP Launches the Next-generation Thunderbolt 2 NAS TVS-x82T Series, Featuring Tiered Storage, Application-based Partitioning and Network Traffic Distribution 19 Aug, 2016, 09:00 BST View all news by QNAP Systems, Inc Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Social Media Computers & Laptops Mobiles & Tablets Other Gadgets HP, Intel launch centre for high performance computing Our Bureau   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Bengaluru, Oct 27:   HP and Intel have launched a centre that will help demonstrate high performance computing (HPC)-as-a-sevice. This centre has been set up as an effort to help research institutions to test their applications on HPC platform. HPC is used in areas like weather modelling patterns or for GPS like services. At the HP-Intel centre, customers can access the latest technologies and they can use it with their existing platforms, said Vikram K, director, servers, HPE India. In fact they can come and validate their applications on HP and Intel's portfolio, added Ravi Gupta, Regional Manager, SAARC, HPE Alliance, Intel. Both companies are hopeful that their technologies will play a key role in the Indian government's proposed National Supercomputing Mission. (This article was published on October 27, 2016) Related TOPICS economy, business and finance | computing and information technology | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED WhatsApp launches video calling feature Vodafone loss doubles to $ 5.5 bn due to India write-down RCom hives off M2M division Snapdeal set to sell own products, too Intel bets big on India for data-centre business Smartphone market crosses 30 m in Q3 Alibaba cautious on India strategy, weighs options London woos Indian start-ups Ramco System inks deal with Melbourne firm LATEST NEWS Google launches photo scanning app Another rate cut likely this fiscal, say HSBC economist 5 min. ago LafargeHolcim hikes stake in Ambuja Cement, ACC 12 min. ago Demonetisation: Old man in bank queue dies 18 min. ago Winter session: PM says govt is ready to discuss all issues 23 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Info-tech Google launches photo scanning app Tech giant Google has rolled out a new scanning app — Google PhotoScan — that allows users to scan and digitise physical photographs.... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Lanner Electronics Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from Lanner Electronics Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Lanner Partners with Rapid Signage to Offer Well-Rounded Digital Signage Solutions The LEC-7388S is a 4K-ready digital signage IPC, powered by the Intel Haswell processors and the Intel HD Graphic 4600 GPU. New Taipei City, Taiwan, October 27, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Lanner is delighted to join hands with Rapid Signage to offer a powerful and well-rounded digital signage solution for smart retail/dining, intelligent vending, real-time Information push and interactive education. Lanner’s LEC-7388S, a compact and OPS-compliant digital signage appliance built with Intel®’s 4th generation Core™ i5/i3 processors comes equipped with Intel’s HD Graphic 4600 GPU and is Crestron 4K-certified, offering hardware-based support for 4K decoders on 2x HDMI ports and 1x Display Port. Also featured are 1x swappable 2.5” HDD/SSD, 16GB of DDR3L memory, 3x USB 3.0 ports, 2x USB 2.0 ports and 1x mini-PCIe slot with SIM card reader. The LEC-7388S is made viable by and benefits from Rapid Signage Central Management System (RS-CMS), a content and device management software suite for administering multimedia delivery and 100+ screens. The RS-CMS takes a three-pronged approach to digital signage management, offering dynamic and powerful features for content design/scheduling, system monitoring/logging and access control/authorization. Lanner and Rapid Signage together are committed to setting the industry standard for the digital signage market. Contact Lanner for more information. LEC-7388S 4K-Ready Digital Signage IPC Powered by the Intel "Haswell" Processors - 4K Ultra HD resolution (3,840 x 2,160) video playback - Support 4th Generation Intel Core i3, Core i5 or Celeron CPU - Intel AMT remote management - Swappable 2.5" HDD/SSD Drive Bay - Intel QM87 chipset - Support DDR3L Memory up to 16GB - Intel HD Graphics 4600 - Intel i217AT LAN controller - 1 mini-PCIe slot with SIM card reader - 3 x USB 3.0 and 2 x USB 2.0 ports About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Information Lanner Electronics Inc. Tiana Wang 886286926060 Contact www.lannerinc.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Lanner Electronics Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Car Tech Intel's two new Atom processor lines target IoT and automotive applications By Shawn Knight on Oct 26, 2016, 5:15 PM TechSpot Intel at the recent IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona unveiled a pair of new Atom processor lines – E3900 series and A3900 series – designed specifically for IoT and automotive applications, respectively. Ken Caviasca, vice president in the Internet of Things Group and general manager of platform engineering and development at Intel Corporation, said the new E3900 chips are exceptionally capable of delivering on performance, processing and scalability with more than 1.7 times more computing power compared to the previous generation. Built into a compact flip chip ball grid array (FCBGA) using a 14-nanometer process, the series uses Intel’s ninth-gen graphics engine that improves 3D graphics performance by 2.9 times and can support up to three independent displays. Furthermore, the E3900 series utilizes four vector image processing units which afford better visibility, quality video in low light, noise reduction and color / detail preservation. With more localized processing power, systems using the chips won’t have to pipe all CPU-intensive tasks to data centers for processing. Intel’s new A3900 series, meanwhile, can be used to power a complete cockpit solution that includes in-vehicle infotainment systems, digital instrument clusters and even advanced driver assistance systems. Caviasca said Intel is currently sampling the A3900 series SoCs to customers with plans to make them available in the first quarter of next year. Related Reads Intel unveils world's smallest standalone 3G modem for IoT devices Intel launches and rebrands next-gen Atom SoCs Intel Atom SoC roadmap updated, new chips and 64-bit Android tablets on the horizon Post a comment 69 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… The Best Laptops: Ultraportables, Workstations & Gaming China still has the two fastest supercomputers in the world QNAP TS-853A Review: NAS does QTS + Linux Popular 57 comments CEO loses his job after posting that he will kill Donald Trump 24 comments The Best Smartphones: Google nails it Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
null
null
null
Business Intel looking to be a player in 5G wireless A man walks past a logo of Intel during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei REUTERS In this June file photo, a man walks past a logo of Intel during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei. In this June file photo, a man walks past a logo of Intel during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei. (REUTERS) Mike FreemanContact Reporter After watching the growth of the 3G and 4G mobile wireless markets from the sidelines, chip giant Intel aims to be a key player in the upcoming transition to high-speed 5G networks. Murthy Renduchintala, president of Intel’s mobile and Internet of things group, talked Wednesday about the company’s 5G efforts at the Intel Capital Global Summit in San Diego. “Clearly Intel was late coming to the party on 4G,” he said in an interview. “But I think at least from a modem perspective, we are now sitting at the party table.” Intel netted a big victory in its struggling mobile efforts this year when Apple used Intel’s 4G cellular modems in some models of the new iPhone 7 — replacing Qualcomm’s chips. In the U.S., iPhone 7s on the AT&T and T-Mobile networks contain Intel modems. iPhone 7s on Verizon and Sprint have cellular modems from Qualcomm. “We have demonstrated a competence and credibility that is hopefully being recognized by the industry,” said Renduchintala, who spent a dozen years at Qualcomm before joining Intel last November. “We are going to build on that and use that as the foundation on which to push forward with our 5G ambition.” Caption Why Millennials aren't moving to San Diego Despite hip locales, craft beer and a bike lanes, San Diego County had one of the smaller millennial population increases in the nation from 2005 to 2015, said a study from Apartment List Rentonomics released Tuesday.  Despite hip locales, craft beer and a bike lanes, San Diego County had one of the smaller millennial population increases in the nation from 2005 to 2015, said a study from Apartment List Rentonomics released Tuesday.  Caption Why Millennials aren't moving to San Diego Despite hip locales, craft beer and a bike lanes, San Diego County had one of the smaller millennial population increases in the nation from 2005 to 2015, said a study from Apartment List Rentonomics released Tuesday.  Despite hip locales, craft beer and a bike lanes, San Diego County had one of the smaller millennial population increases in the nation from 2005 to 2015, said a study from Apartment List Rentonomics released Tuesday.  Caption Lyft’s new logo Lyft is replacing its distinctive pink mustache logo with beacons. Lyft is replacing its distinctive pink mustache logo with beacons. Caption Samsung to buy Harman Samsung Electronics moves into the automotive technology market with its acquisition of Harman International Industries. Samsung Electronics moves into the automotive technology market with its acquisition of Harman International Industries. Caption How Trump’s victory has affected the stock market A Trump administration is expected to spend heavily on infrastructure projects and ease many federal regulations. A Trump administration is expected to spend heavily on infrastructure projects and ease many federal regulations. Caption Top San Diego workplaces WorkplaceDynamics conducted an engagement survey of San Diego-area employers with at least 50 employees. To find possible survey participants, the San Diego Union-Tribune used print and online advertising to seek nominations from workers, bosses and others. WorkplaceDynamics conducted an engagement survey of San Diego-area employers with at least 50 employees. To find possible survey participants, the San Diego Union-Tribune used print and online advertising to seek nominations from workers, bosses and others. Qualcomm is betting on being the leader in ultra-fast 5G technology as well. Last week, the San Diego company said it would deliver the first 5G wireless modem — the Snapdragon X50 — for sampling in the second half of 2017. With peak download speeds of 5 gigabits per second — more than five times faster than today’s top 4G chips — the modem is expected to be used in early 5G trials next year. It could show up in commercial products in 2018. Intel hasn’t announced a 5G chip. But it is participating in global 5G technology trials in the U.S. and elsewhere with wireless industry partners, said Renduchintala. It also is contributing to the technology standards process for 5G. Verizon Communications Chief Executive Lowell McAdam was a keynote speaker at the Intel Capital event and referred to the bandwidth capabilities of 5G technology as “wireless fiber,” according to Renduchintala. “I think he said 50 percent of his costs in a fiber roll-out is from the lamp post to the home,” said Renduchintala. “So he’s basically saying if I can get high-speed ‘wireless fiber’ to the house, it would make deployments much more rapid and much more economically viable.” Intel Capital is the technology giant’s corporate venture capital arm. This week it announced $38 million in investments in 12 startups working in robotics, big data, connectivity, sports/health and virtual reality. None of the startups was local. But earlier this year, Intel purchased San Diego-based Nervana Systems for more than $400 million, according to reports. The 48-employee company has developed a deep learning platform for analyzing very large pools of data. It can be used in health care, precision farming, facial recognition, self-correcting vehicles, energy exploration — any application that seeks to uncover insights from data automatically.   “What is really exciting about deep learning is we can automate tasks that we thought were human tasks,” said Nervana co-founder Naveen Rao, now general manager of Intel’s artificial intelligence group. “Looking at radiological scans, or looking at geo-seismic studies to find oil and gas. That is something that we can now put into a machine, make it really cheap and get the best (analysis) out to everyone.” mike.freeman@sduniontribune.com;  Twitter:@TechDiego 760-529-4973 Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune Apple iPhone US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 64°
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search 5 reasons you should care about Thunderbolt 3 Chris Davies - Oct 28, 2016 9 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Big news in Apple land this week is the arrival of Thunderbolt 3 on the new MacBook Pro, but there’s more reason to be interested in the high-speed, highly-flexible port than simply because you’re an Apple fan. While Apple may have been first to the Thunderbolt party back in 2011, the technology itself was actually a collaboration between the Cupertino firm and Intel’s, and we’ve seen it appear on numerous Windows computers as well as third-party accessories too. Even after five years, though, you could be excused for not realizing why Thunderbolt is such a game-changer. As the name suggests, Thunderbolt 3 is the third-generation of the interconnect technology. Initially, Intel expected it to use optical fiber – in fact, it was originally called Light Peak – but switched to more conventional copper cables before launch. Apple and Intel co-developed it, and indeed Apple originally held the Thunderbolt trademark, though transferred it to its partner in 2011. The original Thunderbolt standard supported up to 10 Gbit/sec per channel. In late 2013, Thunderbolt 2 arrived: it could pair two such channels together into a single data pipe – otherwise known as “channel aggregation” – with a maximum bandwidth of 20 Gbit/s. It was also backward compatible with Thunderbolt devices, and used the same Mini DisplayPort connector. With the arrival of the new MacBook Pro this week, macOS users will have as many as four Thunderbolt 3 ports to play with. It’s not been entirely welcomed with open arms, however, given Apple’s decision also marked the retirement of existing connectors like USB 3.1, HDMI, and MagSafe 2. Still, there are some significant reasons why you should welcome Thunderbolt 3 with open arms – and some reasons to be wary. 1. Thunderbolt 3 gets the ergonomics right While the first- and second-generations of Thunderbolt used the Mini DisplayPort connector, Thunderbolt 3 switches over to USB Type-C. That’s smaller than the old style of plug, not to mention being narrower than USB 3.1 and HDMI. It’s that which helps Apple slim the new MacBook Pro down to as little as 15mm. As we saw with the USB Type-C port on the 12-inch MacBook – which, though it may look like it, doesn’t actually support Thunderbolt 3 – the design also means the Thunderbolt 3 cable is reversible. Just like a Lightning plug, it doesn’t matter which orientation you plug it into your MacBook Pro at: it’ll work either way. If you’ve ever spent a few frustrating seconds jabbing a cable at the side of your laptop, you’ll probably appreciate this particular change. 2. Thunderbolt 3 is fast When you’re abandoning all other ports for one type of connector, it needs to be a capable one. Thankfully, Thunderbolt 3 doubles the bandwidth from what Thunderbolt 2 offered. It’s now up to 40 Gbit/s, or 5 GB/s – if you’re comparing to USB 3, it’s a whole eight times faster. How fast is that in practice? If you’re using a Thunderbolt 3 equipped external drive and your shiny new MacBook Pro to transfer high-definition video, for instance, you could copy over a full day’s worth of footage in less than two minutes. 25,000 photos at the iPhone 7 Plus’ 12-megapixel resolution would take less than a minute to transfer. Obviously you’ll need a fairly cutting-edge peripheral to get the most from that 5 GB/s pipe. Happily there are already a number of Thunderbolt 3 external drives, often using two or more solid-state disks set up in RAID arrays for maximum read/write performance. LaCie, OWC, and other big names in external storage have options that head as high as 120 TB. 3. Thunderbolt 3 is flexible If you’re wondering how manufacturers like Apple can do away with everything but Thunderbolt 3 ports and still have a functional laptop, that’s because it’s flexible as well as being fast. In fact, one single Thunderbolt 3 cable can deliver power, a data connection, and video, all simultaneously. It opens the door to a lot of interesting possibilities on your typical desktop. Because Thunderbolt 3 provides power – up to 100 watts of it, in fact – you can charge your MacBook Pro or another notebook with the port through peripherals which at the same time getting data from them. The power can be delivered in both directions, too, so the computer can provide juice to, say, an external drive or to charge your smartphone. In the case of the new MacBook Pro, you get up to 15W from a Thunderbolt 3 port for external devices. It doesn’t end there, though: there’s video support, too. A single Thunderbolt 3 port is capable of driving a 5K display – that’s 5120 x 2880 resolution – or two 4K displays. If, like the new 15-inch MacBook Pro, the computer has two Thunderbolt controllers that means it can in fact drive two 5K displays. At the same time, a display can provide power back to the laptop, charging it up. If the display’s manufacturer has included data ports – as LG has done with its new UltraFine 5K Monitor – you can have peripherals plugged in too, all linked back via a single cable. With the right cord you can plug straight into a DisplayPort or Mini DisplayPort monitor from a Thunderbolt 3 port; there are adapters for HDMI and VGA. 4. Thunderbolt 3 adapters are a way of life Spend much time on the cutting-edge and you’re likely to get, well, cut. In the case of Thunderbolt 3, that means making sure you have backward compatibility with your existing devices and peripherals. After all, Apple isn’t just throwing out older, slower ports: it’s also potentially making your existing cables obsolete. If you want to use a USB 3.1 or earlier device, with the familiar rectangular USB-A plug, you’ll need an adapter for it. The same goes for VGA or HDMI. Thunderbolt 3 is compatible with USB Type-C, but you’ll need an adapter to connect to Thunderbolt 2 or the original Thunderbolt. Those with an iPhone 7 or other iOS device that has a Lightning port, meanwhile, will need one of Apple’s USB-C to Lightning cables. There are also USB-C to micro and mini USB cables, and USB-C to ethernet adapters. Prices for your new dongles range from around $19 to $49 or more, depending on complexity. Even if you have a new MacBook Pro, though, you don’t need to go straight to your Apple store to get your adapter fix. Since Thunderbolt 3 is a broader industry standard, various third-party companies like Belkin, SanDisk, and others are making dongles, docks, and cables with the USB Type-C connector. Eventually, just as was the case with USB Type-A, that should help drive the price down across the board. 5. Thunderbolt 3 isn’t going anywhere All the signs point to Thunderbolt 4 being some way off in the future. The next big step for the interconnect would be support for UHD 8K displays, or 7680 x 4320 resolution, and that’s a huge step up from what Thunderbolt 3 can handle today. Figure on another doubling of the bandwidth being required from the 40 Gbit/s of the current standard. For the moment, then, it seems like the buck stops at Thunderbolt 3. As well as the new MacBook Pro, we’ve seen the port show up on HP’s Spectre 13.3 and other models in the PC maker’s range, while Dell has added the connector to some of its own Windows notebooks. Both companies have made their own docks, too, which act as breakout boxes for traditional USB, display, ethernet, and other devices. Wrap-Up Big changes don’t come easy. Apple ripped the sticking plaster off the port upgrade problem with the new MacBook Pro, and the result has been no shortage of outcry from professional users wondering where they’re supposed to plug their existing drives, SD cards, and other devices into the new notebook. Had Apple opted to more gradually introduce Thunderbolt 3 – perhaps by including it alongside, rather than instead of, those legacy ports – it might’ve made for a less stressful process. NOW READ: Late-2016 MacBook Pro hands-on Problem is, it would also have led to a slower switchover, and it’s in Apple’s best interest – not to mention the best interest of the computing industry as a whole – to get people up and running with Thunderbolt 3 as soon as possible. As we’ve seen with other such changes in the past, it can be a chicken-and-egg problem when it comes to upgrades of this sort. Peripheral makers don’t want to invest in new standards until there’s a sizable enough cohort of users to make it financially worthwhile, and users don’t want to adopt the standards until there’s sufficient third-party support. The upside is, of course, that Thunderbolt 3 has many big advantages over the ports and cables you’ve been using so far. It might be a headache today, but the desktop of tomorrow could be a lot more streamlined and a lot more productive. Story Timeline The new MacBook Pro goes all-in on USB Type-C Belkin Thunderbolt 3 Dock adds more ports to MacBook Pro New MacBook Pro 13 first look: Entry-level Touch Bar envy Tags Applemacbook proSlashGear 101Thunderboltthunderbolt 2Thunderbolt 3 Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Latest Headlines 2017 Nissan Sentra NISMO First Drive: A modest performance proposal Nov 15, 2016 Galaxy Note 7 could return next year as refurbished units Nov 15, 2016 2017 Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 introduces all-new DSSV suspension technology Nov 15, 2016 Minecraft Hour of Code Designer tutorial is free and available now Nov 15, 2016 Aston Martin Vanquish S boosts power, style & eye-watering price Nov 15, 2016 Latest Reviews MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Nov 14, 2016 Surface Book with Performance Base Review Nov 10, 2016 Google Daydream View Review Nov 10, 2016 LG V20 Review: Stealing the Note 7’s spotlight Nov 4, 2016 Living with Google Home Nov 3, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Personal Computers Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 15, 2016 11:11:49 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Computing > Hardware > Personal Computers | Apple Brings a Surprising Touch to MacBook Event By John P. Mello Jr. Oct 28, 2016 11:19 AM PT Apple on Thursday unveiled two new MacBook Pro laptops, adding a touch more power to the line. Both the new 13-inch and 15-inch models will be offered in silver and space gray. They have a Touch Bar that replaces the row of function keys found on laptops, as well as a Touch ID fingerprint scanner incorporated into the power button. They sport a Force Touch trackpad that's twice the size of the trackpad in previous models. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro is 14.9 millimeters thick, 17 percent thinner than its predecessor. It's also smaller -- 23 percent by volume -- and at 3 pounds, it weighs half a pound less than the previous version. The 15-inch unit is 15.5mm thick, 14 percent thinner than previous models. It too has a smaller footprint than its previous generation, 20 percent by volume, and it tilts the scales at 4 pounds, also a half pound lighter than its predecessor. Both units have an improved version of the "butterfly" keyboard introduced in Apple's 12-inch MacBook, as well as a key dedicated to Apple's digital assistant Siri. They also have four Thunderbolt USB-C ports that can be used for a variety of tasks, including charging the units. "Four Thunderbolt ports are a tremendous amount of bandwidth," said Kevin Krewell, principal analyst at Tirias Research. "You can support two 4K displays, a 4K camera and an external storage array all at the same time with the 15-inch MacBook Pro," he told TechNewsWorld. "That's a lot of power." Brighter, Faster, Louder The MacBook displays also have been upgraded. For example, the screen on the new 15-inch model is 67 percent brighter, with a 67 percent greater contrast ratio and 25 percent more colors. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro runs on a 6th generation Intel Core i7 quad processor with 2133 MHz memory. It has Radeon Pro graphics based on AMD's Polaris architecture. It can deliver graphics 2.3 times faster than the previous generation of the laptop. The unit now supports up to 2 terabytes of solid state storage, and it's faster -- 50 percent faster than the previous model. The speakers also are better. They not only produce greater volume, but also have two times the dynamic range of previous models. The new 13-inch model runs on 6th generation i5 or i7 Intel chips, also mated to 2133 MHz system memory. It has Intel Iris graphics, as well as storage speeds twice those of its predecessor. Touch Bar The Touch Bar feature on the new MacBook Pros definitely was the star of the Apple's Thursday show. The bar is a high-resolution touch display that replaces the function keys on the laptop. The display is context aware, so it can change its content based on the application running in the foreground of the computer. "It's a disruptive new implementation," said Werner Goertz, a research director at Gartner. "It's not new to see a dynamically adaptable bar," he told TechNewsWorld, "but as usual, Apple has taken something that's already out there and perfected it." The bar acts almost as a second monitor. Items can be dragged from the main display to the bar. "That's something that will capture the user's imagination and will be a great differentiator for Apple going forward," Goertz said. The Touch Bar is a game changer for Apple, according to Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. "It allows not only Apple, but also developers to create custom connections to their applications, and make those applications more interactive and easier to access," he told TechNewsWorld. "Apple emphasized the role of the MacBook Pro for creativity," Bajarin continued, "but that Touch Bar will be extremely attractive to even mainstream consumers, because it changes how they interact with applications." Apple TV Along with the new MacBook Pro announcements, Apple revealed a new app for Apple TV and iOS aimed at unifying a user's TV experience. Called "TV," the free app displays an aggregate view of all shows and movies the user currently is watching through other apps. It also recommends programming based on the user's tastes. It provides access to a library of iTunes purchases and rentals, and a store for buying more content. "We want Apple TV to be the one place to access all of your television," said Apple CEO Tim Cook at the Thursday event. With 1600 apps available for Apple TV, it's become necessary for someone to step in and make it easier to discover and organize content, explained Bajarin. "The new TV app is designed specifically for that purpose," he said. Revenue Driver Apple TV will be a growth area for the company in 2017, noted Trip Chowdhry, managing director for equity research at Global Equities Research. "Service revenues this quarter grew 24 percent, probably because of Apple TV," he told TechNewsWorld. "That growth could accelerate in 2017 with the new Apple TV app." Although Apple believes its TV app will completely change how people will watch TV, Gartner's Goertz maintained the app will be less disruptive than Apple expects it will be. "If you look at what Amazon and others are doing with TV, it's what Apple is doing now," he said. "For that reason, I didn't see the TV app that disruptive." The absence of any mention of Apple TV's potential as a smart home hub was disappointing, Goertz added. "Apple is still lagging behind the Amazons of this world when it comes to the smart home," he said. There was no hint of restraint in Apple CEO Tim Cook's enthusiasm, however. "We couldn't be more excited about having our best product lineup ever heading into the holiday season," he said at the close of the event. The new 13-inch MacBook with function keys sells for US$1,499 and is available immediately. The Touch Bar models are available for preorder and will go on sale in two to three weeks, with the 13-inch version selling for $1,799 and the 15-incher for $2,399. John Mello is a freelance technology writer and contributor to Chief Security Officer magazine. You can connect with him on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by John P. Mello Jr. Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts What effect will the Trump presidency have on efforts to combat climate change? We'll see grave environmental damage instead of progress. Fear of negative consequences will spur more positive actions. Trump probably will come around to a more moderate position. We won't see much change either way in just four years. Trump will expose the climate change hoax -- and it's about time. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Coping With Software Licensing Challenges in the Cloud BlackBerry to Deliver One Last Keyboard Phone Russia May Kick Out LinkedIn Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners CRM Buyer Marketo VP Mike Telem: ABM Lets You Dust Off Old Marketing Techniques Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing LinuxInsider wattOS Energizes Aging Hardware AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld Post-Election Backlash Spurs Fake News Crackdown Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Hype Video Broadcast App Has Niche Potential Why Trump May Be the Better Technology President First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PBS NEWSHOUR WATCH politics Shields and Brooks Supreme Court Vote 2016 Politics Monday arts Art Beat Poetry Where Poetry Lives Photo Essays nation Supreme Court Race Matters Essays Brief But Spectacular world Social Entrepreneurship economy Making Sen$e Social Security Ask the Headhunter Paul Solman science Science Wednesday Innovation and Invention Miles O’Brien health Long-Term Care education Teachers Teachers’ Lounge Student Reporting Labs teachers The Rundown TV SCHEDULE ABOUT US FEEDBACK PRESS SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS THE RUNDOWN SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US Column: How intellectual property rules help the rich and hurt the poor Dean Baker FOLLOW EMAIL BY Dean Baker  October 28, 2016 at 2:54 PM EST A yet-to-be-released Segway Ninebot personal transportation robot is seen onstage during the Intel keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. Photo by Rick Wilking/Reuters Editor’s Note: Economist Dean Baker is the author of the new book, “Rigged: How Globalization and the Rules of the Modern Economy Were Structured to Make the Rich Richer.” Below, he outlines a case he makes in his book, arguing that the changes in intellectual property law over the last four decades, which make patents, copyrights and related protections longer and stronger, have been important factors in the upward redistribution of income. There is a recurring concern in discussions about the economy that technology threatens the livelihood of large segments of the workforce. The exact mechanism varies. In one version, the robots will take all the jobs, leading to a massive surge in unemployment. A somewhat different version has the development of technology benefiting people with college and advanced degrees to the detriment of those with less education. In this story, the highly educated do well, while the less educated see stagnant or declining wages. While the future may actually be one of continually rising inequality, it is important to realize that technology is not the culprit. While the future may actually be one of continually rising inequality, it is important to realize that technology is not the culprit. It is not the technology that determines who gets the benefits of major innovations; it is laws that govern technology, which in turn are made by politicians. Specifically, the laws on patents and intellectual property more generally will determine whether advances in technology are associated with increasing inequality or broadly shared prosperity. Starting with the robot story, we are supposed to be concerned that robots will replace workers in factories and warehouses. Robots can do the job better and cheaper. We will also have self-driving cars, trucks and buses. This will displace millions of additional workers and radically reduce the demand for cars. (We can summon a car to take us from point A to point B when we need it. There is no reason to have a car rusting in front of our house.) READ MORE: Inventor behind Priceline bemoans broken patent system That’s the displacement story, but suppose that robots are extremely cheap. There is no obvious reason they shouldn’t be cheap. After all, we probably won’t need any rare materials to make robots. And presumably robots could be mostly manufactured by other robots, so the labor involved wouldn’t be expensive. In this case, we should be able to buy a robot at our local hardware store or from our favorite internet retailer for a few hundred dollars. Once we buy the robot, we can have it clean our house, cook our food, mow our lawn and do all sorts of other tasks that we may not want to do ourselves. We can probably even save on our food budget by having the robot plant and tend a vegetable garden. If robots are doing all this work for us and we no longer need to buy and maintain a car to meet our transportation needs, we should have all have a high standard of living. We will spend over $430 billion in 2016 on drugs that would likely sell for 10 to 20 percent of this amount in a free market. But suppose that patents and related protections keep the price of robots high. And instead of technology driving down the cost of transportation with self-driving cars to almost nothing, patent monopolies allow the top executives and shareholders of Uber or its equivalent to get very rich at the expense of the rest of the population. In that scenario, most people may not benefit to any great extent from technology. In that case, robots may take our jobs, but instead of the benefits from productivity growth being passed along in higher wages and lower prices, as was true in past decades, the benefits go to minority of well-situated individuals. To some extent we have already seen this story as Congress has repeatedly acted to make patent and related protections stronger and longer. In the longer category, copyright protection has been extended from 55 years to 95 years. Patent protection has been extended from 14 years from the date of issuance to 20 years from the date of application, with a wide variety of conditions allowing for further extensions. Patent protection was also extended to new areas so that it now applies to life forms, software and business methods. The impact of these stronger protections is most visible in the area of prescription drugs. We will spend over $430 billion in 2016 (2.3 percent of GDP) on drugs that would likely sell for 10 to 20 percent of this amount in a free market. In addition to patent protection, drug manufacturers can also now enjoy data exclusivity for test data and a wide variety of other protections that act to prevent generic competition. READ MORE: Why are most inventors men? The problem associated with excessive protection of intellectual property is vividly illustrated with the Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi. This drug has a list price in the United States of $84,000 for a three month course of treatment. A high-quality generic version is available in India for $200. Insurers and governments have struggled to come up with the money to pay for Sovaldi and, in many cases, have sought to deny treatment to patients. If Sovaldi could be purchased at its generic price, the cost of treatment would be a non-issue for those with Hepatitis C. Those who developed and marketed Sovaldi are now getting very rich as a result of its high price. But this is not a story of technology making them rich; it is a story of government-granted patent monopolies making them rich. If we are bothered by the upward redistribution of income of the last four decades, we should be looking at how we support the process of innovation, not blaming robots. Of course we do need a mechanism to support research, innovation and creative work. But there is little evidence that the lengthening and strengthening of intellectual property protection in the last four decades has led to a faster pace of innovation. Furthermore, there are other mechanisms for financing research. We spend over $30 billion a year supporting biomedical research at the National Institutes of Health. This mostly supports basic research, but there is no reason that the funding could not be expanded with additional funds devoted explicitly to the developing and testing of new drugs. Most importantly, we have to understand that the incomes that people earn as a result of intellectual property protections are due to government policy. They are not the result of technology. If we are bothered by the upward redistribution of income of the last four decades, we should be looking at how we support the process of innovation, not blaming robots. Dean Baker Dean Baker is the co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research, which he co-founded in 1999. His areas of research include housing and macroeconomics, intellectual property, Social Security, Medicare and European labor markets. @DeanBaker13 SHARE ON FACEBOOK SHARE ON TWITTER SHARE VIA TEXT inequality innovation Innovation and Invention intellectual property Making Sen$e Making Sen$e Columnist patent robots PREVIOUS POST Column: Why do wealthy nations unravel? A lack of nationalism, says this economist NEXT POST Are you an informed voter? A quiz Are you aware of our comment policy? PBS NewsHour allows open commenting for all registered users, and encourages discussion amongst you, our audience. However, if a commenter violates our terms of use or abuses the commenting forum, their comment may go into moderation or be removed entirely. We reserve the right to remove posts that do not follow these basic guidelines: comments must be relevant to the topic of the post; may not include profanity, personal attacks or hate speech; may not promote a business or raise money; may not be spam. Anything you post should be your own work. The PBS NewsHour reserves the right to read on the air and/or publish on its website or in any medium now known or unknown the comments or emails that we receive. By submitting comments, you agree to the PBS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, which include more details. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. READ THIS NEXT Column: Do we need librarians now that we have the internet? SUBSCRIBE FOLLOW US SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY MAKING SEN$E Correspondent Paul Solman covers all things business and economics in these online exclusive reports. Bio SUBSCRIBE Receive MAKING SEN$E news blog in your inbox. SUBSCRIBE PODCAST: ITUNES | XML HEADLINE FEEDS: XML BROADCAST REPORTS Would Trump disrupt the economy? This billionaire hopes so Why this entrepreneur is treating Trump like a schoolyard bully Why seeing Trump’s tax returns really matters Lose your job? It may pay to announce it A national movement against employee noncompete contracts pick up steam Brexit or no, former central banker says global financial system needs fixes How Shinola Turned Detroit Into a Luxury Brand MOST READ MOST DISCUSSED 1 Do you live in a bubble? A quiz 2 Remembering Gwen 3 Photos: These wildlife photography winners will put a smile on your face 4 What we can learn from the Trump transition so far 5 Oregon court rules that 'nonbinary' is a legal gender 1 Are you an informed voter? A quiz 2 PBS NewsHour 3 Column: What does Trump’s victory mean for climate change policy? 4 PBS NewsHour 5 Hillary Clinton is leading the popular vote after losing the election EDITOR'S PICKS Column: What does Trump’s victory mean for climate change policy? Column: How cities and states are leading the fight for more beneficial trade Are you an informed voter? A quiz Loading... WATCH FULL BROADCASTS LISTEN FULL AUDIO PODCASTS SUPPORT FOR PBS NEWSHOUR PROVIDED BY TOPICS RECENT PROGRAMS POLITICS ARTS NATION WORLD ECONOMY SCIENCE HEALTH EDUCATION TEACHERS TV LISTINGS ABOUT US PRESS FEEDBACK SUBSCRIPTIONS PRIVACY JOB OPENINGS © 1996 - 2016 NewsHour Productions LLC. All Rights Reserved. Support the kind of journalism done by the NewsHour... Become a member of your local PBS station.
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories Detroit News offers buyouts to all editorial employees More than 1.5 million in Michigan to travel over Thanksgiving Former Michigan Rep. Mike Rogers exits Trump transition team Carson's opens in-store shops featuring goods from Michigan State to process Detroit city business income taxes Holiday House small business pop-up to open Thursday in downtown Detroit Work underway on $100 million Fisher, Albert Kahn building projects Icahn extends offer to gain total control over Federal-Mogul Michigan Good Food Fund grants to help launch Detroit grocery store, expand farmers market Thieves target metro Detroit nonprofits Special Report 2016 Eureka Index: 25 most innovative companies × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Flint water crisis 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Detroit 2.0 Food economy Giving Guide Most Connected World Watch Monthly Michigan Deal Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show American Dreamers Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data / Lists Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business, advertising, marketing, media, transportation and film industry Chad Halcom - Law, the defense industry and Macomb and Oakland counties Dustin Walsh - Manufacturing, auto suppliers, economics and business of law Jay Greene - Health care, energy, environment Kirk Pinho - Real estate, city of Detroit Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Sherri Welch - Nonprofits, arts, culture, retail, hospitality, the casinos, staffing and services City Moments Jennette Smith - Economics, media and Detroit biz culture. Daniel Duggan - Economic Indicators Events Crain's Events Sponsored Events Local Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries October 28, 2016 1:26 p.m. Updated Beringea co-leads $15.2 million funding round for virtual reality company By Crain's Detroit Business Comments Email Print Oakland County Beringea Nonauto Manufacturing Retail Investing Beringea LLC and Intel Capital co-led a $15.2 million funding round for portfolio company InContext Solutions, a global leader in virtual reality solutions for retailers and manufacturers, the companies announced Friday. The capital will help Chicago-based InContext Solutions accelerate sales and marketing efforts and expand its geographic footprint as well as its VR product portfolio, including further development of solutions for head-mounted devices, according to a news release. “This latest round of funding gives us strong strategic backers who share our vision of even more robust, fully-immersive virtual reality solutions for retail,” Mark Hardy, CEO of InContext Solutions, said in the release. “... this investment allows us to aggressively develop our VR platform, further lowering costs and improving speed and revenue for our clients.” “InContext Solutions’ collaboration with Intel to develop new VR solutions will help retailers and manufacturers more rapidly visualize, test and deploy new concepts using hyper-realistic simulations of actual retail environments,” said Mark Donnelly, director of Beringea, a Farmington Hills-based private equity firm. “This new capital will allow the company to introduce new customers to its flagship ShopperMXTM VR platform, providing optimal in-store shopper experiences that lower risk and improve the bottom line.” Virtual reality can reduce the cost and time required for companies to conceive, create, test and activate in-store experiences. Intel Capital is Intel Corp.’s global investment organization based in San Diego. Related Links Beringea invests $4 million in parking app maker ParkWhiz Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Flint water crisis 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Detroit 2.0 Food economy Giving Guide Most Connected World Watch Monthly Michigan Deal Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show American Dreamers Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data / Lists Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events Crain's Events Sponsored Events Local Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business Crain's Job Connect About Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Classified advertising 2016 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Advertising Opportunities People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE November 13, 2016 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communications, Inc.
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Microsoft to reveal more details about its 3rd party VR/AR plans at December event 1 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Oct 28, 2016 at 15:07 GMT3 weeks ago At Computex this year, Microsoft first announced that Windows Holographic is coming to devices of all shapes and sizes from fully immersive virtual reality to fully untethered holographic computing. They invited Windows OEM, ODM, and hardware partners to build PCs, displays, accessories and mixed reality devices with the Windows Holographic platform. A few months later at the Intel Developer Forum, Microsoft announced that they are working with Intel on a specification for mixed reality ready PCs and head mounted displays (HMDs). They want to enable their hardware partners to build a broad range of devices for the mainstream consumer and business markets. Even though they are already working with several partners on the spec, they are planning to release publicly release v1 of the spec at the Windows Hardware Engineering Community (WinHEC) conference in Shenzhen in December. At the Windows 10 event earlier this week, Microsoft demoed a mixed reality device from its OEM partner which is powered by Windows Holographic. That mixed reality device was the result of the last six months of work Microsoft did with their partners since Computex 2016. Microsoft is not only providing the spec, the initial group of devices were co-engineered with Microsoft using the technology and software created to power the HoloLens. Microsoft will talk about the field of view, resolution, and other details about these devices at WinHEC event later this year. This WinHEC event is scheduled for December 8 – 9, 2016. This fall’s events will consist of talks and presentations by Microsoft Windows and Devices executives and experts who will explain in detail our vision and plans, including specifications and guidance. Attendees will leave these WinHEC events understanding the details of end-to-end enablement for Windows Holographic and what’s next for Windows 10. Last month, Microsoft announced the expanded availability of HoloLens in six new countries. Developers and commercial enterprises from Australia, Ireland, France, Germany, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom can now pre-order the device from Microsoft Stores. Find the links to pre-order below. Microsoft Store Developer Edition Commercial Edition Microsoft Store United Kingdom  £2,719  £4,529 Microsoft Store Australia  AU$4369  AU$7269 Microsoft Store France  €3299  €5489 Microsoft Store Germany  €3299   €5489 Microsoft Store New Zealand  NZ$4699  NZ$7829 Microsoft Store Ireland  €3299  €5489 Microsoft Store US USD 3,000 USD 5,000 Microsoft Store Canada CAD $4,000 CAD $6,669 Microsoft Store United States $3000 $5000 Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Via polygon Related ar hololens Mixed Reality odm oems virtual reality VR windows winhec winhec 2016 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Music Movies TV Games Comedy Books Design Food Drink Travel Tech Comics Style Politics Soccer All Artists The Politics Issue Paste Cloud Paste Studio Daytrotter Podcasts Radio Music Movies TV Games Comedy Books Design Food Drink Tech Travel Comics Style Politics Soccer Paste Studio Daytrotter Podcasts Radio 9.0 HP Spectre x360 Review: A MacBook Pro for PC Users By Chuong Nguyen  |  October 28, 2016  |  9:00am Tech Reviews Share Tweet Text Don’t let the Spectre x360’s compact size fool you. The convertible’s small body may hark back memories of the netbook era, but HP packed plenty of muscle into this year’s model, making it a worthy, affordable and no-compromise alternative to Microsoft’s premiumly priced Surface Book. When the Spectre x360 launched last year, HP proved that it had the design chops to out-Apple in crafting beautiful, well-made computers. The obsessive attention to details paid off: the machined aluminum Spectre x360 rivals Apple’s 2015 MacBook Air and Pro in design, build quality and craftsmanship, while edging ahead in performance and features. With this year’s launch HP has refined the Spectre x360’s design, shaving away any unneeded space from the previous generation, while at the same time adding features that consumers want: longer battery life, a stronger processor and a slimmer design. The result is a convertible that’s equally as beautiful as it is powerful, and for consumers shopping for a laptop-first form factor, this year’s Spectre x360 is the convertible to beat. Even if you’re in the market for a plain Ultrabook (and not a convertible), you’ll be remiss to dismiss the Spectre x360. Thinner than Air If you covered up HP’s new logo—comprised of slanted lines of different lengths—the Spectre x360 can easily be mistaken for one of Apple’s notebooks, a testament to the premium aesthetic HP created. Like the MacBook Air that HP is gunning for, the Spectre x360 is machined out of a block of aluminum with straight lines and rounded corners, and the laptop is finished in a matte silver hue with polished side edges Like the MacBook, the machined aluminum gives the Spectre a solid feel, though the choice of metal is more susceptible to wear and tear, especially when compared to the greater durability of magnesium alloy on Microsoft’s Surface Book. I’ve noticed a few scuffs and chips along the polished edges of the Spectre with use, but these battle wounds in no way affect the laptop’s performance or functionality. Open up the lid, and you’ll begin to see how the Spectre x360 isn’t just another MacBook Air ($999) clone. Like the competing Dell XPS 13 ($799) and Lenovo Yoga 910 ($1,329), the Spectre’s 13.3-inch touchscreen display lacks the giant bezels that frame the right and left edges of the Air’s screen. HP claimed that it had reduced the side bezels by 64 percent compared to last year’s model, and the result is visually stunning. The slimmer bezels mean that this year’s Spectre x360 occupies an even smaller footprint, making it easier to slip into a bag for travel. Unlike the XPS, which slims down the bezels on the sides and on top, HP decided to keep some bezeling around the top of the Spectre. This means that the display looks less futuristic on the Spectre, with about 0.63-inches of black border, but HP’s design decision lends to a more functional notebook for video conferencing. The extra space up top accommodates a full HD camera for video calls, and this placement is more ideal than the bottom placement on Dell’s XPS 13. There’s also an IR face recognition camera for password-less Windows Hello logins. Additionally, unlike the competing Lenovo Yoga 910, the added space up top provides an area for you to comfortably hold the Spectre when used as a tablet. For users choosing between the Spectre x360 and Apple’s newly minted MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar, the Spectre’s touchscreen may offer more utility for everyday computing tasks. The result of the Spectre x360’s dieting efforts is that HP is able to create a 13.3-inch notebook that’s marginally larger than Apple’s 2015 11.6-inch MacBook Air. The Spectre measures 12.03 × 8.58 × 0.54 inches, making it just 0.23 inches wider and 1.02 inches deeper than Apple’s 11-inch notebook. And despite slimming down the Spectre x360’s profile, the Spectre packs in technology—like a new 360-degree geared hinge, room-filling speakers, touchscreen display and Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor in a sturdy design—that MacBook Air owners could only dream of having. And with these innovations, the Spectre still manages to be 0.14 inches thinner than the Air. Making the Needed Sacrifices For owners of last year’s model, HP’s focus on fine tuning the Spectre’s design isn’t without compromises. Features had to be cut in order to squeeze the Spectre x360 into its slimmer, tighter-fitting outfit this year. On the display front, the Spectre x360 launches with only a full HD configuration—the 2015 model could be outfitted with up to a QHD resolution panel—and there’s no option for inking with a stylus, a feature that could be useful for students, digital artists and note-takers. Defending HP’s decision to launch with a single FHD resolution screen configuration, Mike Nash, HP Vice President of Customer Experience and Portfolio Strategy, said that an overwhelming majority of consumers asked for that feature. Additionally, coupled with the power consumption savings delivered by Intel’s Kaby Lake processor, Nash said that the FHD resolution allows for longer battery life. HP claims that the new model delivers up to 15 hours of battery life, up from nine hours last year. Despite the limited launch configurations, HP is looking into the possibility of launching a QHD Spectre x360 with active digitizer support in the future, so you may want to hold off on purchasing if these features are important to you. If you can look past the limited FHD resolution right now, the screen is bright, vivid and capable of displaying 72 percent of the color space. Blacks on the screen were inky, and I didn’t notice the same light bleed around the display’s edges as I did on my Surface Book. Most consumers will find the screen resolution acceptable for everyday computing tasks. While HP may have taketh away, it also giveth, to paraphrase the adage. Executives claim that in removing unnecessary features, the company was able to devote resources into features that consumers want and keep costs down. Compared to last year’s model, the features that HP were able to deliver on the 2016 Spectre x360 include an edge-to-edge backlit keyboard, a wide glass trackpad and a new speaker arrangement that makes listening to audio a pleasure regardless if you use the Spectre x360 in laptop or tablet mode. The problem with last year’s x360 is that the downward-firing speakers sounded great when used in laptop mode, but when you activate the 360-degree hinge, the speakers quickly became muffled when used in tablet mode. This year, HP also added two more speakers to the top, which helps deliver loud, crisp audio when converted into tablet use. I found the quad-array speakers produced loud enough audio to fill my living room, and there was very minimal distortion even at the highest volume settings. Audio fidelity was passable, but for longer listening sessions, I’d want to use the HP Audio Switch app and external speakers. The bundled app makes it easy to switch between your internal speakers and microphones to wired or wireless setups on the fly. HP’s software makes it simple to control your audio input and output sources, and it’s a feature that’s so basic that we wonder why it hasn’t already been a staple on PCs in the past. A Converting Ultrabook With a more traditional design than Microsoft’s Surface Pro 4 or HP’s Spectre x2, the x360 looks and performs more like an Ultrabook in laptop mode. HP says that there is 1.3mm of key travel on the keyboard. HP claims that the higher actuation force required for key presses make the keys feel comfortable. In use, I found the full-sized backlit keyboard good. The 1.2mm of key travel makes it far more comfortable to type than the shallow keys on Apple’s MacBook, but compared to a business-class notebook, I found the keys slightly stiff and bottom out a little too quickly. For notebook users, the good keyboard and excellent glass-covered touchpad makes this convertible a pleasure to use all day. If you’re typing in darker environments, the problem with the white backlight and HP’s silver keycap design is that the combo makes it hard to to read the etched numbers and letters on the keys at certain angles. Compared to last year’s model, the 2016 Spectre x360 is light on ports, but that’s because the two USB Type-C ports offer more versatility. The USB Type-C ports can be used to connect accessories, peripherals, power and displays, negating the need for a standalone HDMI port or power plug. The ports also support the Thunderbolt 3 specifications. Additionally, there is a single USB Type-A port for legacy peripherals alongside a 3.5mm combo headphone and microphone jack. On the left hand side, there is a large air vent and a power button, and the volume rocker sits on the right edge. The side placement of the power and volume switches make them accessible whether you’re using the x360 as a laptop or tablet. In reality, notebook users won’t even need to even hit the power button. Fast resume from sleep means you can just open the lid, hit the enter key and start using your laptop in a little under five seconds. There are also volume control keys on the keyboard deck. Unfortunately, to keep its slim profile, a memory card slot did not make the cut on this year’s model—you can still use an SD card adapter with the device’s USB port. Combined with the lack of stylus support, this year’s Spectre x360 may not fit the bill for creative professionals or photographers who may want a lighter notebook than Microsoft’s Surface Book. Fast Performance Our review unit of the Spectre x360 shipped with Intel’s Core i7-7500U processor with integrated Intel HD Graphics 620, 16GB RAM and a 512GB Samsung NVMe solid state drive. HP will offer configurations that max out with 1TB SSD storage. As expected with Intel’s Kaby Lake processor, the Spectre performs well, scoring 3,354 points using PCMark 8 Home Test. For comparison, my Microsoft Surface Book equipped with last year’s Intel’s 6th Generation Core i5 processor scored just 2,360 points using the same test. The Spectre x360 also posted competitive graphics scores against other Core i5 and Core i7 systems with integrated Intel graphics using Cinebench and 3DMark tests. Gamers will likely want to look at a system with discrete graphics, but the integrated Intel graphics performed smoothly streaming 4K videos, with light game play and basic photo and video editing. Also contributing to the Spectre’s zippy performance is the fact that HP didn’t saddle its convertible with a ton of bloatware. The Windows 10 build that ships with the x360 is relatively clean, save for a few preloaded titles, like McAfee Antivirus, HP Audio Switch app— an utility that’s actually useful—and a warranty registration checker app that notifies you of the warranty status of your Spectre and any other connected HP products that you may have, including printers. PCMark 8’s intensive battery drain test produced a result of 4 hours and 4 minutes, up from the Surface Book’s score of just under four hours. In real life, I found HP’s 15-hour battery life claims to be largely accurate. I was able to squeeze in 13 hours of use while browsing the web, watching YouTube clips, playing music and performing productivity tests. I didn’t experience any lags with the device in day-to-day use, and the starting price of $1,049 for a Core i5 model with 4GB RAM and 256GB SSD makes it extremely competitive against the Surface Book, which starts at $1,499 before discounts. A similarly configured Surface Book with last year’s Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 256GB SSD would cost $1,699. If you can live without the Surface Book’s high resolution display, the option to detach the screen and inking capabilities, the Spectre x360 delivers better all-around performance at a much more affordable price point. Verdict While the Surface Book retains its place as an aspirational convertible notebook in Microsoft’s Windows ecosystem, delivering enticing features to creative professionals, HP’s Spectre x360 is a notebook built for everyday consumers. Sure, the device lacks some of the glitzier features of its more expensive rival—like a detachable display and pen support for note-taking—but the Spectre more than makes up for it with an affordable price tag, compact footprint, long battery life and fast performance. The refinements on this year’s model shows HP’s maturity as a company. The Spectre ships with the company’s new logo on the lid, and HP clearly listened to its customers to include only features that are relevant to a majority of its user base, stripping away unneeded extras that would have otherwise contributed to a higher price tag. If you choose the Spectre x360, you won’t get the highest resolution display, but HP’s no-frills approach produced one of the best and beautifully designed all-around convertibles at an affordable starting price. Tags laptop spectre x360 Recently in Tech Sen.se ThermoPeanut: It's Getting Hot in Here 11/10/2016 10:00:00 AM Intel Compute Stick: A Stick PC as Fast as a MacBook 11/4/2016 3:30:00 PM Amazon Echo Dot: Putting Siri To Shame 11/3/2016 2:30:00 PM Most Popular The 5 Sad Reasons Why Vine is Being Shut Down 10/28/2016 3:45:00 PM Ranking the 10 Best Android Smartphones You Can Buy Right Now (Nov. 2016) 11/9/2016 2:00:00 PM The 5 Best Smart Security Cameras For Keeping Your Home Safe 11/10/2016 1:00:00 PM HP Spectre x360: A MacBook Pro for PC Users 10/28/2016 9:00:00 AM Grabr is the Peer-To-Peer International Delivery App That's Taking on the Shipping and Travel Industries 11/11/2016 4:00:00 PM Roboming is an Adorable Robot Assistant That Will Bring You Snacks 11/11/2016 10:00:00 AM News Apple Releases Coffee Table Book Chronicling 20 Years of Iconic Design 11/15/2016 3:05:00 PM Tablo is Bringing DVR Capabilities to the Xbox One 11/15/2016 11:00:00 AM Hype is YouTube Meets Vine With Some Glitter On Top 11/7/2016 2:00:00 PM Apple Adds David Bowie Emojis in Latest iOS Update 11/2/2016 5:17:21 PM You'll Be Able to Shop on Instagram Soon 11/2/2016 2:09:58 PM Editors' Picks The 50 Essential Android Apps (2016) 5/31/2016 3:15:00 PM The 10 Best Smartphones of 2015 12/4/2015 5:15:00 PM The 10 Best Tablets of 2015 12/7/2015 2:30:00 PM The 15 Best New Apps of 2015 12/30/2015 4:10:00 PM The 10 Best Home Gadgets of 2015 12/15/2015 2:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2014 12/20/2014 4:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2015 12/22/2015 10:00:00 AM The 10 Best Laptops of 2015 12/14/2015 6:45:00 PM The 10 Best Gadgets and New Tech of CES 2016 1/12/2016 2:30:00 PM Paste Cloud Tech Samsung KS8500 SUHD TV: An Investment for the Future 9/15/2016 11:00:00 AM Tech Galaxy Note 7: Phablet Perfected 9/12/2016 12:30:00 PM Tech The Logi Circle is a Great Camera for Watching Your Cat 9/2/2016 11:00:00 AM Tech 5 Best New Features of the Note 7 S Pen 8/22/2016 9:00:00 AM Tech Tech Try Out: This Cobblestone Makes Your Wired Speakers Wireless 7/30/2016 10:00:00 AM Tech Jaybird Freedom: The Best Wireless Earbuds 6/22/2016 10:30:00 AM Tech Essence Speakers: The World's Best Computer Speakers? 5/18/2016 10:30:00 AM Tech The Aquatune 5712 is a Nearly Indestructible Bluetooth Speaker 5/4/2016 9:06:29 PM Tech How Nextbit's Smart Storage Kicks MicroSD Cards to the Curb 4/23/2016 9:00:00 AM Paste Studio Music Lissie - Many Rivers to Cross 5/31/2016 12:00:00 AM Music Andrew Combs - Foolin' 6/15/2015 12:00:00 AM Music Vintage Trouble - High Times Are Coming 6/2/2012 12:00:00 AM Most Popular More The 5 Sad Reasons Why Vine is Being Shut Down 10/28/2016 3:45:00 PM Ranking the 10 Best Android Smartphones You Can Buy Right Now (Nov. 2016) 11/9/2016 2:00:00 PM The 5 Best Smart Security Cameras For Keeping Your Home Safe 11/10/2016 1:00:00 PM HP Spectre x360: A MacBook Pro for PC Users 10/28/2016 9:00:00 AM Grabr is the Peer-To-Peer International Delivery App That's Taking on the Shipping and Travel Industries 11/11/2016 4:00:00 PM Roboming is an Adorable Robot Assistant That Will Bring You Snacks 11/11/2016 10:00:00 AM Take a Breath: Here's 10 Apps to Help You De-stress After Election Night 11/9/2016 10:00:00 AM Steve Jobs Was Right: Touchscreen Laptops Suck 11/7/2016 9:00:00 AM Why We Should Be Concerned About AT&T's Massive Merger and Privacy Accusations 10/31/2016 4:30:00 PM Intel Compute Stick: A Stick PC as Fast as a MacBook 11/4/2016 3:30:00 PM News More Apple Releases Coffee Table Book Chronicling 20 Years of Iconic Design 11/15/2016 3:05:00 PM Tablo is Bringing DVR Capabilities to the Xbox One 11/15/2016 11:00:00 AM Hype is YouTube Meets Vine With Some Glitter On Top 11/7/2016 2:00:00 PM Apple Adds David Bowie Emojis in Latest iOS Update 11/2/2016 5:17:21 PM You'll Be Able to Shop on Instagram Soon 11/2/2016 2:09:58 PM Editors' Picks More The 50 Essential Android Apps (2016) 5/31/2016 3:15:00 PM The 10 Best Smartphones of 2015 12/4/2015 5:15:00 PM The 10 Best Tablets of 2015 12/7/2015 2:30:00 PM The 15 Best New Apps of 2015 12/30/2015 4:10:00 PM The 10 Best Home Gadgets of 2015 12/15/2015 2:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2014 12/20/2014 4:30:00 PM The 10 Best Technology Advances of 2015 12/22/2015 10:00:00 AM The 10 Best Laptops of 2015 12/14/2015 6:45:00 PM The 10 Best Gadgets and New Tech of CES 2016 1/12/2016 2:30:00 PM Paste Cloud Samsung KS8500 SUHD TV: An Investment for the Future 9/15/2016 11:00:00 AM Galaxy Note 7: Phablet Perfected 9/12/2016 12:30:00 PM The Logi Circle is a Great Camera for Watching Your Cat 9/2/2016 11:00:00 AM 5 Best New Features of the Note 7 S Pen 8/22/2016 9:00:00 AM Tech Try Out: This Cobblestone Makes Your Wired Speakers Wireless 7/30/2016 10:00:00 AM Paste Studio More St. Vincent Dig A Pony 11/13/2010 12:00:00 AM An Horse Scared As Fuck 10/27/2011 12:00:00 AM Lissie Many Rivers to Cross 5/31/2016 12:00:00 AM Ben Kronberg Comedy 3/15/2016 12:00:00 AM Lissie Don't You Give Up On Me 5/31/2016 12:00:00 AM About Advertise With Us Contributors Privacy & Security Copyright Newsletter Facebook Twitter Contact Us © 2016 Paste Media Group. All Rights Reserved © 2016 Paste Media Group. All Rights Reserved
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos How a 17-Year-Old School Dropout is Making Computers More Affordable by Building Them from E-Waste Anandita Jumde28 October 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share This article on using computers for change is a part of the  India Digital series powered by Intel India. Six years ago, when Ravindra Parab decided to become an e-waste scrap dealer, he could not have imagined that this job would help his son, Jayant, achieve a breakthrough in affordable technology.Seventeen-year-old Jayant, a resident of Ghatkopar, Mumbai, was in Class 3 when he used a PC for the first time: “We had computer classes as a part of the school curriculum and that was the first time I actually used a PC. Till then, the box-shaped machines had always intrigued me because I saw them everywhere I went – in offices, banks and shops. But getting the opportunity to actually work on one was nothing short of thrilling!” he remembered. Like most beginner computer classes, his school classes too focused on teaching the basics – different parts of a PC and, with time, an introduction to MS Office. For Jayant, every class helped peel back yet another layer of the mystery the machines held for him. When Jayant reached Class 5, his thirst to learn more pushed him to ask his father’s permission to enrol for a course at the local computer centre. “It was a month-long introductory course for beginners. While the computer classes in school introduced me to PCs, it was this course that made me confident about operating the machine,” he said. The course also marked the beginning of many other classes Jayant would go on to take in the years to come, helping him gain mastery over the ubiquitous technology. Between school and his courses, Jayant also took to tinkering around with the e-waste his father brought home: “I picked up a lot from watching my father and my brother work and, before long, I was able to assess on my own whether some pieces could be salvaged or not. My father and brother then taught me how to take the pieces apart, how to determine what was wrong with them, fix the problems, and put them back together again,” Jayant remembered. “The courses I attended taught me a lot about different software, but it is the hours I spent working with e-waste that helped me understand the minutest details about the functioning of PCs.” Jayant’s growing interest also encouraged his father to set up a second-hand PC at home for his tech-savvy son. “This gave me the opportunity to practise everything I learnt, at my own pace and on my own time. I also used the internet to learn new things, every day,” he said. View photos Jayant Parab with his PCMore Jayant used his PC to introduce children in his neighbourhood to the life-changing technology: “I realised that many of these children had limited exposure to PCs and came from families that could not afford to buy their own machines. Given how all-pervasive this technology is, I thought it was extremely important that they be well-versed in it too. I believe that people’s socio-economic status should not hold them back in life or deprive them of opportunities,” explained Jayant. With this in mind, Jayant began holding informal classes for the children in his neighbourhood. “We’d meet up twice or thrice a week, for a couple of hours, and I’d teach them about the basics of operating a PC,” he said. You may also like: Senior Citizens Up Their Professional Skills, Thanks to This PC-Training Programme When, in Class 9, Jayant was asked to present an exhibit at a school exhibition themed ‘Best Out of Waste,’ the years he spent tinkering with e-waste, and the hours he spent teaching other children, inspired him to set a fairly ambitious goal: to build a computer made entirely from e-waste. MAKING THE BEST OUT OF WASTE View photos e-waste computerMore “I had seen how the exposure to PCs I provided to the children in my neighbourhood was helping them. They were able to work on PCs more confidently now and were even using them for school projects. And I couldn’t help but wonder how much more they would be able to do if they had their own PCs at home,” Jayant explained. “The main aim was to create something that all sections of society would find affordable.” Read More “Admittedly, it was a bit of a daunting task; I had not heard of such a computer being made before, so I had no blueprint that I could follow, no tutorials I could refer to,” he confessed. Yet, that did not deter the 17-year-old. For a month, Jayant worked hard, rushing home from school and completing his homework in record time, in order to devote at least four hours every day to his project. You may also like: This Indore-Based Startup Is Introducing India to the Internet “I began by sorting through the e-waste, picking working components from the different pieces I could find, repairing the components that were broken, replacing some others… it was a tedious process,” he remembered. But, sometimes, he would get lucky, as he did with his monitor: “My father also collects e-waste from hospitals and he came across a broken ECG machine. When he brought it home, I picked it apart, saw that the problem with it was only minor, fixed it and upgraded it, and decided to use it as a monitor,” he explained enthusiastically. Bit by painstaking bit, Jayant put together his e-waste computer, under the watchful guidance of his father and brother. “I was given strict instructions to not do any heavy-duty electrical work unless my father or brother were present. They were always around to help and their support was unwavering, but they also let me figure things out on my own and didn’t push me,” he said. The end result was a compact PC, with a 9-inch monitor, 2GB RAM and 1GB hard disk. “It runs on LINUX and has inbuilt speakers, Bluetooth and Wifi. The PC can be used for work or personal use and is equipped with word processing and spreadsheet software too,” he listed. THE WAY FORWARD View photos e-waste computerMore The unique PC got Jayant appreciation from all quarters, including a certificate from the organisers of the exhibition. “The exhibition draws school children from across the city and, for me, the fact that I was able to show them that building something like this was possible, that was the real win,” he said. Jayant also believes that making PCs from e-waste can prove to be an additional source of income for rag-pickers and scrap dealers. “Imagine if we train them to properly collect e-waste, to assess the quality of the e-waste, and to repair different pieces to put them together as PCs... They could sell these machines and have an alternative source of income. What’s more, they would also be helping deal with the huge e-waste problem while making PCs affordable to a large section of society,” he explained. Jayant has since built a second PC from e-waste: “I am constantly tinkering with it and trying to improve and upgrade it.” You may also like: How Children from India’s Largest Slum Are Turning App Developers to Solve Community Problems Jayant, who was forced to drop-out of school after he failed his Class 9 examination, is now studying for Class 10 through correspondence. He also continues to attend computer courses and, recently, completed a course in hardware networking. “Knowledge of computers is essential for surviving in today’s world. The first question in any job interview is whether the applicant knows how to operate a PC or not. Every single person needs to know how to use a PC,” he said. “I want to continue doing more courses and further hone my skills so that I am able to make a successful career in computers,” he concluded. This story is part of our series with Intel India’s initiative Ek Kadam Unnati Ki Aur, in collaboration with national and regional governments to empower non-urban citizens through technology, in 10 states of India. Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter. NEW: Click here to get positive news on Whatsapp! Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Cash King: Janardhana Reddy builds model palace for daughter's 500-crore wedding The News Minute Over 100 Villages remain disconnected from rest of Himachal after 110-feet long bridge collapses Ani Shweta Tiwari's Maternity Photo Shoot Is What Every Preggers Couple Should Have Bollywoodshaadis.com Rs 2000 note quality test: Here's what happens when you dip new currency in water or crush it International Business Times Hot photos of VJ Bani from beaches and deserts will blow your mind! iTripto Juice, water distributed to people standing in queues outside ATMs Ani Hina Khan Finally Speaks Up On Quitting Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai! Business of Cinema Have Ranbir & Ranveer Hurt Katrina In Koffee With Karan? Spotboye Banning Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes: Do you think it is a good move? Yahoo India Finance Free refreshments for people in queues outside ATMs, banks Ani Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation, asks for more steps to ease inconvenience to common man International Business Times Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / MacBook Pro 2016 – What's new and should I upgrade? MacBook Pro 2016 – What's new and should I upgrade? by Joe Roberts 27 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments How does the newly refreshed Macbook Pro compare to the previous models, and is it worth an upgrade? We take a look. Apple has finally taken the wraps off its new MacBook Pros, and they look like some impressive machines, coming complete with that long-rumoured OLED panel and a bump in hardware. But is it enough to warrant an upgrade from the existing MacBook Pro, or one of the older models? With that question in mind, we thought we'd take an early look at how the 2016 MacBook Pro stacks up against the existing models. Here's everything you need to know: Related: 5 things you need to know about the new MacBook Pro 2016 MacBook Pro vs old MacBook Pro – Design Before the new MacBook Pro arrived, the laptop's design was around four years old. Even with that seemingly outdated design, the 2015 laptop still looks and feels as fresh as the day Apple first unveiled it. The 2015 13-inch model weighs just 1.58kg and is 18mm thick, which isn't as thin as the new 13-inch model, which measures in at 14.9mm. In terms of the 15-inch models, the previous design weighs 2.04kg and is also 18mm thick, while the new 15-inch model comes in at 15.5mm. Both the old and new models are highly portable, but the 2016 versions are undoubtedly more compact. What's more, they takes a lot of design cues from the latest MacBook models, with four USB Type-C ports which can be used to charge the machine or as a thunderbolt, USB, display, HDMI out, or VGI ports. That means no MagSafe charger port. The 2015 model, on the other hand, comes with a MagSafe port, two Thunderbolt 2 connections, two USB 3 ports, a headphone jack, an HDMI out port, and an SDXC card slot. The OLED Touch Bar above the keyboard is the biggest addition to the 2015 MacBook. The tactile strip replaces the function keys, and can display context-sensitive actions depending on what you're doing on-screen. It also means you'll be able to log in to the laptop using a your fingerprint with Apple's Touch ID technology. None of this appears on the 2015 model MacBook Pro. One feature that does appear on both models is the Force Touch trackpad with pressure-sensing capabilities. The pads on both models will allow you to click at three different pressure levels – light, medium and heavy – giving you a few extra options when it comes to certain programs. The pad on the new model is much larger, however. Related: macOS Sierra review Overall, the new models look to be much sleeker devices than their predecessors, and there's no doubt the OLED touch panel is a distinctly cool and seemingly functional addition that adds to the modern design. 2016 MacBook Pro vs old MacBook Pro – Display Both the 13-inch and 15-inch models of the 2015 MacBook Pro come with what Apple calls Retina displays. That means on the 13-inch option you'll get a 2,560 x 1,600 resolution LED-backlit display with IPS technology, making for a pixel-per-inch density of 227. On the 15-inch model, you'll get a 2880 x 1,800 resolution at 220 pixels per inch. Related: MacBook Pro 2015 review What does that mean in practice? Well, if our experience with the 13-inch model is anything to go by, expect razor-sharp images. And while we're yet to test out the new versions of the MacBook Pro, we're expecting the machines to provide similar, if not better quality. Apple says the new screen is 67% brighter than the previous version, has 67% higher contrast ratio, and 25% more colours. In terms of resolution, the 13-inch models come with the same 2,560 x 1,600 offering, while the 15-inch variant comes with an impressive 2,880 x 1,800 resolution. We'll have a better idea of the jump in quality once we've tested out the new Pros. 2016 MacBook Pro vs old MacBook Pro – Hardware Apple has made a lot of updates to the MacBook Pro internals with the new models. We tested out the entry level version of last year's model, which comes with 128GB flash storage, a 2.7GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, Intel Iris graphics and 8GB RAM. The range also provided the option to upgrade several aspects of the internals, with the 15-inch model coming with quad-core i7s instead of the dual-core i5 chips in the 13-inch models. Related: Best laptop This time around, Apple has switched to Intel's new 6th generation Skylake processors, offering an Intel Core i5 or i7 dual-core chip depending on the configuration you choose. That should ensure a noticeable bump in performance, though it should be said that last year's models were no slouch in the performance department. You'll get a speedy user experience either way, but the new models are much more capable than their predecessors. In terms of RAM, the 2015 models came with either 8GB or 16GB, which is the same on the new models, depending on which variant you go for, while storage is now configurable up to 2TB and is much faster on the new MacBook Pros. And when it comes to battery life, the new models also should manage to improve on their predecessors. The 13-inch 2015 MacBook Pro came with a 74.9-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery, offering up to 10 hours wireless web and up to 12 hours iTunes film playback. On the 15-inch variant, the 99.5-watt-hour lithium-polymer battery provided up to nine hours wireless web and up to nine hours iTunes film playback. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with a 54.5Wh battery (10-hour browsing, 30-day standby) while the version with the Touch Bar comes with a 49.2Wh offering, which somehow manages to offer the same 10-hour browsing and 30-day standby. On the 15-inch version, there's a 76Wh cell which, again offers the same 10-hour browsing, 30-day standby. We'll have more on this when we've reviewed the new models. 2016 MacBook Pro vs old MacBook Pro – Software There's no difference here. Both the 2015 and 2016 MacBooks come with the latest macOS Sierra. The OS introduces a range of upgrades over the previous OS X El Capitan, with neater iCloud integration – particularly the Universal Clipboard and Desktop iCloud sync – as well as Siri integration, which means you'll now be able to use the virtual assistant on your desktop. For some new features, you'll need to have an iOS device, which doesn't make either the 2015 or 2016 MacBook Pro as useful for those who use an Android handset. But that really only matters if you plan on using Auto Unlock or paying for goods using Apple Pay. Overall macOS Sierra is a stellar operating system that builds upon the previous iterations, adding new features and maintaining the best ones from OS X. It should run a bit quicker on the new MacBook Pros, but we're not sure how noticeable the difference will be. We'll have more once we've tried out the new models. 2016 MacBook Pro vs old MacBook Pro – Price The MacBook Pro 2015 models will undoubtedly come down in price now that we've got the new iterations. At the time of writing, you can buy a 13-inch version starting at £999, while the 15-inch model starts at £1,599. When it comes to the 2016 versions, Apple is offering the 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar for £1,449, while the version with the OLED panel will start at £1,749. If you go for the 15-inch variant, you're looking at a starting price of £2,349. 2016 MacBook Pro vs old MacBook Pro – Summary Without trying out the new models, its difficult to give a definitive verdict. At this point, it's looking like Apple has packed in enough upgraded hardware and new design elements to justify an upgrade from last year's model, and certainly enough to justify upgrading from older versions. The new MacBook Pros will undoubtedly be quicker, easier to travel with, and generally sleeker than the 2015 models. Plus, the Touch Bar seems to be more than a gimmick, providing some seemingly useful functionality. In that sense, this looks like a fairly easy one to call, but we'll reserve our final verdict until we've reviewed the 2016 MacBook Pro, so stay tuned for more. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know which one you think comes out on top in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments wibbling October 27, 2016, 7:50 pm Leaving aside all the evangelism and waffling puff about it being 'the best in the world' I don't really see anything here. Fairly mediocre increases in performance and minor evolutions in hardware design. tcsekhar October 27, 2016, 8:31 pm Negatives: Still Quad Core 2.7GHz, 16GB is the max RAM, $1,200 for 2TB SSD, no function keys, no USB slots, no card reader, need to carry more adapters Positives: Thinner, Brighter, more colors, larger trackpad.. That's an awesome upgrade. Makes it a must buy! GO-APPLE!! ;) Bri Guy October 28, 2016, 6:09 am Correction! There was no "last year" model of the macbook pro Bri Guy October 28, 2016, 6:15 am You mean you don't find a touch screen on a computer revolutionary? ;) Felipe Meyer October 28, 2016, 9:45 am Too expensive to be good. Impossible to go to 32GB DDR and old cpu processors. The only thing that can still save this crap is the OS... JohnnyWalker2K1 October 28, 2016, 1:51 pm Wow. I can really "trust" this article. So much in depth information... taken straight from Apple's website. Except one thing... Quote: "The MacBook Pro 2015 models will undoubtedly come down in price now that we've got the new iterations. At the time of writing, you can buy a 13-inch version starting at £999, while the 15-inch model starts at £1,599." The prices have gone UP, not down :( blog October 28, 2016, 3:08 pm The hp already introduced it... Wesley Robinson October 30, 2016, 1:46 am This review is a joke how can you say it's a worthy upgrade they have taken away the hdmi port taken away the ad card reader taken away the USB ports taken away the glowing apple logo oh yeh it's brighter and has a wider colour gamut big deal what a joke apple really are going backwards no way will I be buying this overpriced avarage gimmicky touch bar laptop the old one is better by a long way in my opinion Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: Driver Booster 4      40% OFF! Intel Releases New Firmware for SSD 750 Series - Get Firmware Update Tool 2.1.6 The devices receive NVME IO Queue Metrics log page support Oct 28, 2016 08:14 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Intel has made available a new Solid State Drive Firmware Update Tool, namely version 2.1.6, which updates its SSD 750 series  firmware and bootloader revisions to 8EV101F0 and 8B1B0133, respectively. To be more specific, Intel's SSD 750 series includes the 1.2 TB and 400 GB models (either 1/2 Height or 2.5in PCIe 3.0), as well as its 800 GB 1/2 Height and 2.5in PCIe 3.0 x4 drives. In terms of changes, the current update tool will add NVME IO Queue Metrics and Secure Erase Command Monitoring log page support and will resolve the issue where the drive is entering disable logical mode after frequent, repeated OS reboots. Moreover, the SSD 750 series will receive an updated Secure Erase Command User Data Erase option, sequential read performance improvements, product health enhancements, as well as a fix for 4k+DIF read errors (after a format) when using Intel SPDK. In addition to that, besides the changes mentioned above, the present release includes all prior changes targeted at currently supported Solid State Drives, as highlighted in the Release Notes below. When it comes to installation, first save the downloadable .iso or zip file (the zip includes an additional User Guide), back up your SSD, turn off Drive Password Protection, and burn the ISO to a blank CD/DVD or USB flash drive. Now, boot from the newly-prepared CD/USB drive, accept the License Agreement to continue, select the SSD you want to upgrade, hit the Update button (or click Update All), and wait patiently for the installation to finish. As for recommendations, before starting the installation, it would be a good idea to backup your important data just to be safe, make sure the system is plugged into AC power (just for notebooks), and close all programs and processes that might interfere with the upgrade. With this in mind, download Intel SSD Firmware Update Tool 2.1.6 and carefully follow the steps mentioned above to enjoy the benefits of this new release. Release Notes #SSD 750 series#Firmware Update Tool 2.1.6#Intel#8EV101F0#8B1B0133 reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Intel Makes Available New Firmware for Its SSDs - Download Toolbox 3.3.7 Western Digital Updates Firmware for Its My Cloud NAS Series - Version 2.21.119 Download New BIOS for MSI H110M PRO Series Motherboards Convergent Design Rolls Out Firmware 2016.06 for Odyssey and Apollo Recorders Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2    Intel SSD 750 series New Apps GdPicture.NET Document Imaging SDK: Full-Featured and Royalty Free Document Imaging toolkit for .NET allows you to implement viewing, processing, printing or scanning files SmartFTP FTP Library: Integrate FTP and SFTP file transfer capabilities into your software with the help of this advanced FTP library ActiveX component (COM) Norton AntiVirus Virus Definitions: Signature packanges containing the latest free virus databases for various Symantec antivirus software for both home and business use Curse: Connect, chat, share files and send messages to friends from the games you are playing fast and easy with this intuitive application Kaspersky Virus Removal Tool: Detects viruses and other infections that may have reached one's computer with the aid of different scan modes provided by Kaspersky MediaGet: Search and download torrents from the Internet, being able to use the integrated media player to watch movies without even saving them to your PC first App Builder: Visually design HTML5 apps in a variety of sizes, without prior knowledge of programming techniques, thanks to this straightforward tool Reader comments AsusWrt-Merlin Provides New Firmware for ASUS Routers - Version 380.63.2 more on: AsusWrt-Merlin i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here's What Apple, Inc. Unveiled Today The Mac maker's product event was more or less entirely expected. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 27, 2016 at 8:05PM Image source: Apple. Well, would you look at that. For once, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unveiled something that wasn't entirely expected at its Mac event earlier today. Ahead of the unveiling, the rumors had narrowed in on three new MacBook models, and no iMac refresh. While new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros were obvious, it wasn't entirely clear what the other rumored 13-inch MacBook would be. Some thought it would be a new MacBook Air with USB-C ports. As it turns out, it was just another 13-inch MacBook Pro instead of a tweaked Air. Three's company As expected, the new MacBook Pros feature a dynamic display above the keyboard, replacing the traditional function keys with a versatile toolbar that can change contextually. Apple calls this the Touch Bar, and it can morph into various different tools and buttons depending on what task you're doing or what application you're using. Integrated into the right side of the Touch Bar is a small second-generation Touch ID sensor, finally bringing Apple's fingerprint recognition technology to the Mac. This can be used to unlock the computer, switch user profiles, or use Apple Pay on the web for websites that have adopted Apple's payment service. Image source: Apple. Intel's six-generation Skylake chips are onboard at long last, bringing the MacBook Pro lineup up to speed in a much-needed upgrade. The Mac maker is moving toward Thunderbolt 3 ports, which include support for USB-C and a wide range of other protocols. And yes, there is a headphone jack. The keyboard is similar to the 12-inch MacBook, using a second generation of Apple's butterfly mechanism. Naturally, this is the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro Apple has ever made. (Stop me if you've heard that one before.) The surprise move was that Apple is making a version without the Touch Bar and Touch ID, instead using traditional function keys, but still within the new chassis. There are also only two Thunderbolt 3 ports as opposed to four. The 13-inch MacBook Pro that has traditional function keys will start at $1,499, while the 13-inch MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar and Touch ID starts at $1,799. That $300 premium is a hefty ask for what amounts to a small display (which is presumably OLED based on rumors, but Apple did not specify) and a Touch ID sensor. All 15-inch models include the Touch Bar and Touch ID and start at $2,399. Other Macs continue to age There was no mention of updates for any other Macs. The Mac Mini is still incredibly old, with the last upgrade being two years ago. The Mac Pro hasn't been updated since 2013. There was some speculation that Apple would update the iMac 5K with new graphics processors from AMD, but nope. The 27-inch iMac 5K already uses the latest Intel chips, and appropriate desktop-class seventh-generation Kaby Lake chips simply aren't ready yet. This event was all about the MacBook Pro. As the most important product within the Mac lineup, hopefully the new laptops will help Apple's Mac business grow again after losing share for the past two to three quarters. Evan Niu, CFA, owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 8:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
About Contact Advertise Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ RSS Navigate Home News Hubs Startups Events Features North Africa East Africa Southern Africa West Africa Seedstars Africa Summit to take place in Kigali in December 0 By Tom Jackson on October 27, 2016 East Africa, Events Global seed-stage startup competition Seedstars World will host the second edition of its annual Africa Summit in Kigali, Rwanda on December 7-9, aimed at connecting African entrepreneurs with ecosystem players, investors and corporates. Seedstars World, which was won last year by South African mobile recruitment startup Giraffe, held its inaugural Africa Summit in Casablanca, Morocco early this year, and will now hold a second event to connect African entrepreneurs and entrepreneurship ecosystems with the world and each other. The event, for which tickets will go on sale shortly, is supported by Microsoft, Intel, Rwanda’s Ministry of ICT, the kLab incubator, the ICT Chamber of Rwanda, Africa 2.0, and Brussels Airlines. “After four years of hosting competitions across the world and across the African continent, we are more excited than ever about the potential for African entrepreneurs to build global businesses,” said Marcello Schermer, regional manager for Africa at Seedstars World. “We also know that bringing startups, entrepreneurs, investors and ecosystem players together will help increase connections across the continent and accelerate the growth of Africa-born global businesses, and this why we are running Seedstars Africa for the second year in a row.” The Africa Summit will feature speakers such as kLab chief executive officer (CEO) Aphrodice Mutangana, Intel Africa and Middle East director for innovation Hitendra Naik, Rwanda Online CEO Clement Uwajeneza, Microsoft 4Afrika startup engagement lead Djiba Diallo, and Seedstars ambassadors and startups from over 15 African countries. The event will last for three days and culminate with a full-day conference and pitch event bringing together more than 300 startup founders, entrepreneurs, investors, and ecosystem leaders from across Africa. Seedstars World will host a two-day invite-only bootcamp prior to the event, where the winners of the Seedstars local competitions from across Africa will join 20 Rwandan startups to work with mentors on improving their business models, working on their growth strategy and mastering the investor pitch. Winners have already been selected in Egypt, Tunisia, South Africa, Mozambique, Angola, Nigeria, Ghana, Ivory Coast, Mali, Ethiopia, Tanzania, Uganda, Kenya, and Senegal, with victorious startups heading to the global final in Switzerland next year. Next up is Algeria on October 29, followed by Zimbabwe on October 30 and Botswana on November 4. This year’s programme will also give entrepreneurs the opportunity to be selected for the Seedstars Growth initiative, which would see startups raise seed investment and enter a four-month accelerator programme for early stage startups. Share this Story Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Previous ArticleFemale business innovation lab launched in Ghana Next Article MTN Business to hold SA digital entrepreneur masterclass About Author Tom Jackson Website Twitter LinkedIn Passionate about the vibrant tech startups scene in Africa, Tom can usually be found sniffing out the continent's most exciting new companies and entrepreneurs, funding rounds and any other developments within the growing ecosystem. Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Most Read October 27, 2016 0Female business innovation lab launched in Ghana October 18, 2016 0Kenyan transport startup wins $1m Hult Prize October 26, 2016 0Seedstars announces 12 startups to pitch in Harare November 2, 2016 0These are the 8 startups that will pitch at Seedstars Gaborone November 1, 2016 0Solar firm PEG Africa raises $1.5m debt round Sign up for the Latest News Email Address Copyright © 2014-2016 Disrupt Africa. All rights reserved. About Contact Advertise Sitemap
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Belkin Introduces Thunderbolt™ 3 Express Dock HD “Thunderbolt 3 delivers the most advanced single-cable docks available,” said Jason Ziller, Intel’s director of Thunderbolt marketing. “We are thrilled Belkin will provide groundbreaking connectivity on their docks for Mac and PC.” Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD features: True single-cable docking solution Dual 4K video or single 5K output and 85W of power delivery powering your computer through a 0.5m Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) 40Gbps cable Daisy-chain up to five Thunderbolt devices from the dock Two Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports Three USB-A 3.0 ports (1.5A charging each) One DisplayPort One Audio In/Out port; one Audio Out port One Gigabit Ethernet port Included 170W power adapter provides enough power to support attached peripherals while delivering up to 85W of power to your computer through included Thunderbolt 3 cable Belkin today also introduced its USB-C to HDMI Adapter featuring up to 4K resolution at 60Hz and two Thunderbolt 3 cables, 0.5m and 2m, supporting up to 40 Gbps data transfer rates. Availability The Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD and USB-C to HDMI Adapter are coming soon to Belkin.com,  Apple.com and at Apple stores. The Thunderbolt 3 cables are available now on Belkin.com, Apple.com and at Apple stores. About Belkin Belkin® developed its first people-inspired products in 1983 with cables that quickly led to the development of the first intelligent cable that connected an Apple IIc, Apple’s first portable computer, to a printer. Today, more than one Belkin product is sold every second globally. Designed in Southern California, and extending across four pillars—power, productivity, protection and connectivity – Belkin products include award-winning lines such as the Valet™ Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, MIXIT↑™ cables, RockStar multi-port solutions, QODE™ keyboards, and a complete range of mobile, power and charging solutions, including USB-IF certified USB-C accessories, wireless charging docks, and solutions for Android systems. Belkin’s next generation ScreenCare+ and TrueClear™ Pro screen protection service applies state of the art protection with unparalleled accuracy and is available at select leading retailers worldwide. A privately held company, Belkin has more than 1,200 employees in more than 30 countries around the world. For more information, please visit Belkin on the Web, Follow us on Twitter, Like us on Facebook, or Follow us on Instagram. © 2016 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. All product names, logos and brands are property of their respective owners.  Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161027/433541 Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160325/348115LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/belkin-introduces-thunderbolt-3-express-dock-hd-300353071.html SOURCE Belkin Related Links http://www.belkin.com Author MarcinPosted on October 27, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: SKDKnickerbocker Named Holmes Report Global Public Affairs Agency of the Year Next Next post: DCP Midstream Partners Announces Quarterly Distribution Search for: Search Recent Posts Vetical.com Introduces Affordable & Secure Cloud Based Veterinary Management Solution for Better Animal Care Healthy Eating Is Finally Practical with the OGarden Insomnia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics Development Market Review H2 2016 McKay Brothers Slashes Latency Between Tokyo and Singapore Diet Doc Provides Pharmacy-Grade Weight Loss Solutions and Customized Diet Plans With Ketogenic Diet Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Apple unveils its new 'groundbreaking' MacBook Pro Listen | Print By James Walker     Oct 27, 2016 in Technology Apple has announced its long-anticipated refresh of the MacBook Pro. The new model comes with heavily upgraded performance, a thinner and lighter design and a unique capacitive touch strip above the keyboard called the Touch Bar. The new MacBook Pro is long overdue. Apple's neglect of its high-end PCs hasn't gone unnoticed by customers and critics. Today, the company caught up with its Windows-powered rivals, launching a new range of laptops with sixth-generation Intel Core processors and up to 2.3 times greater graphics performance than the previous MacBook Pro. As rumoured this summer, Apple has created a new kind of interface to headline the MacBook Pro's spec sheet. In place of the function keys above the keyboard, the laptop sports a Retina multi-touch secondary display. The "Touch Bar" is contextually aware and provides one-touch access to controls in open apps. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) Apple Touch Bar is integrated into many of Apple's built-in apps including Mail, Finder, Calendar and Numbers. In Safari, it can show open tabs and favourites, letting you switch view without reaching for the touchpad. In Messages, the Touch Bar becomes an emoji strip. Alternatively, in Photos, Touch Bar lets you scroll through thumbnails and edit images from a regular typing position. Third-party developers will also be able to access the Touch Bar. Apple has improved the MacBook Pro's primary display too. Available in 13-inch or 15-inch form, the Retina panel is up to 67 percent brighter than the outgoing model. It benefits from new power-saving technologies that reduce overall consumption by up to 30 percent, leading to a longer battery life. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) Apple Apple has managed to make the laptop up to 17 percent thinner at just 14.9mm on the 13-inch model. Despite the reduction in interior space, the MacBook Pro is now more powerful than ever. It's available with processors up to Intel's sixth-generation quad-core Core i7 chips with discrete AMD Radeon Pro graphics. Every model features an SSD with sequential read speeds greater than 3GBps. There's also support for biometric authentication via Apple's Touch ID fingerprint sensors, making an appearance on Mac for the first time. It can be used to login to Mac OS and compatible websites in Safari. Alongside the headline features, Apple has also improved the laptop's speakers, keyboard and touchpad. Apple says the MacBook's sound now has double the dynamic range and additional bass. The touchpad is 46 percent larger on the 13-inch model, rising to 50 percent larger on the 15-inch version. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) Apple The launch of the new MacBook Pro comes during the 25th anniversary week of the first Apple notebook PC. After letting the line stagnate for a while, the release marks a significant improvement in the premium laptop's capabilities. With the Touch Bar, Apple has brought something new to the traditional laptop form factor, introducing a new kind of input device that replaces the function keys with media playback controls, quick access shortcuts and bookmark links. It's likely to be more useful to typical consumers than the typical F1-F12, although not everyone will appreciate the change. "This week marks the 25th anniversary of Apple’s first notebook; through the years each generation has introduced new innovations and capabilities, and it’s fitting that this all-new generation of MacBook Pro is the biggest leap forward yet," said Phil Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) Apple "With the groundbreaking new Touch Bar, the convenience of Touch ID, the best Mac display ever, powerful performance, improved audio, blazing-fast storage and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity in our thinnest and lightest pro notebook yet, the new MacBook Pro is the most advanced notebook ever made." The baseline 13-inch MacBook Pro with a dual-core 2.0GHz Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB of memory and 256GB of storage starts at $1,499 and is available to purchase today. A faster model, with a 2.9GHz Core i5 processor, will start shipping in 2-3 weeks. Finally, the 15-inch Core i7 version can be pre-ordered today for shipping within the next month. All models can be purchased from Apple's website at Apple.com. More about Apple, Macbook, Macbook pro, Laptops, Mac os   Apple Macbook Macbook pro Laptops Mac os Latest News Top News You don't have to log in to use Skype anymore DR Congo president defies growing calls to resign Milan Melindo in crucial 3rd attempt to win a world title fight Op-Ed: Why Juan Manuel Marquez can't resist talking about Manny Pacquiao US: Renewed Russian strikes in Syria break international law Poroshenko appeals to Trump for support in phone call Signs of infighting as Trump weighs key posts Report claims that Al-Qaeda leader killed in attack in Libya Bioplastic spun by enzyme may replace petro-plastic says MIT Canada's Trudeau visits Cuba to reboot ties Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand It's all about the new Touch Bar with the new Apple MacBook Pro Subhrojit Mallick Oct 28, 2016, 12.05 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit AppleImage Credit 25 years after the Powerbook, Apple's first category-defining notebook, Apple unveiled the MacBook Pro. With each generational update, Apple has redefined what the notebook can do, and tonight as Tim Cook said, Apple did it again. We have among ourselves a new generation of the MacBook Pro. A new design makes the new MacBook Pro the thinnest and lightest MacBook pro ever. The 13-inch Macbook Pro is 23 per cent smaller in volume and weighs half a pound less than the previous version. The 15-inch Pro is just 15.5 mm thin, 14 per cent thinner and 20 per cent smaller in volume than the previous variant and weighs just 4 pounds. And that makes the new MacBooks thinner than even the MacBook air. The new MacBook Pro comes with an all new ForceTouch track pad which is also two times larger and comes with a capacitive glass surface and its own Taptic engine. The keyboard also comes with a new Butterfly mechanism. As for the Function keys, Apple thinks they are now obsolete and went ahead and replaced them with a customizable mini Retina display. It is multi-touch and responds to gestures. Apple calls it, the Touch Bar. All system settings are now easily accessible. Brightness volume and playback controls are now just a tap and a slide away. Open Safari and the Touch Bar refreshes to pop up your favorite websites. Open the Photos app, the Touch Bar shows you settings to tweak the photo. Start typing and word suggestions will pop up. The Touch Bar is a chameleon in disguise. Opening a new app transforms the Touch Bar with application specific shortcuts. Formatting controls, word suggestions based on how you communicate, and even emojis will pop up on the Touch Bar when you are typing. Use the Touch Bar to scroll through your photos. Rewind and fast forward and preview videos. Edit your photos using radial controls. The Touch Bar can be customized with your favorite system controls, apps and settings. As for the display, Apple has upgraded the display on the MacBook Pro with the brightest ever screen seen in the notebooks. It is now 67 per cent brighter, has 67 per cent higher contrast ratio and 25 per cent wider color gamut. On the inside, the new 15-inch MacBook Pro features a sixth generation Intel Core i7 clocked at 2.6Ghz processor with AMD Polaris Radeon Pro 450 graphics with 4GB VRAM, 16GB of RAM and a superfast 256GB SSD with a speed of 3.1GB/s which can be expanded up to 2TB. The hardware inside is cooled down with a new thermal architecture which Apple claims disposes heat more efficiently and quietly. There is also a new dynamic range, high-fidelity, room-filling speaker. The 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with a sixth generation Intel Core i5 clocked at 2.9GHz, Intel Iris Graphics which is two times faster, 8GB of RAM and a new superfast 256GB SSD which is also two times faster than the previous generation. Apple also unveiled a base model for the 13-inch MacBook Pro that retains the Function keys and comes with sixth-generation Intel i5 processor clocked at 2.0GHz, 8GB of RAM, 256GB of SSD storage and two Thunderbolt 3 ports. And also, it seems with the 13-inch base model, Apple has rested the 13-inch MacBook Air which has now been rendered redundant after what Apple did to the dimensions of the new MacBook Pro. However, Apple retained the 12-inch original MacBook in the new lineup. Beside the Touch Bar is the Touch ID which is integrated into the power button. It is the second generation TouchID sensor made from sapphire crystal. Rest your finger on the TouchID panel and you're in your MacBook in an instant. It is powered by the new Apple T1 Chip which enables contactless payment through Apple Pay straight from the MacBook pro. The TouchID can also remember and recognize your fingerprint. If someone else who has their fingerprint saved, a tap on the TouchID will quickly switch to his profile, in a snap. The MacBook comes with four Thunderbolt 3 ports that can used for connecting just about anything. The ports also double up as USB Type-C ports which enables charging the MacBook Pro using any of the four ports. You can connect up to two 5K displays. There's HDMI and VGA input/output and USB. Also, the headphone jack has been retained. Apple wasted no time to show how creators including Photoshop users, FinalCut Pro users, and even DJ apps like the DJ Pro, can embrace the power of the new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro and frankly, it's exciting how easy it makes handling operations with it. Even Microsoft's Office Suite will offer complete support for the Touch Bar. The MacBook runs on the new macOS Sierra and offers up to 10 hours of battery life. The new MacBook Pros come in two color variants- Space Grey and Silver. Unfortunately no Jet Black variant. And this pitches the MacBook Pro directly against the Surface devices, which Microsoft took a lot of pain to position for the creators and designers. The 13-inch base model costs $1499 (roughly Rs 1,00,250) and will start shipping in the US from tonight. The other 13-inch and the 15-inch MacBook Pro are priced at $1799 (roughly Rs 1,20,350) and $2399 (Rs 1,60,450). The 13-inch and the 15-inch are up for pre-orders starting today and will ship in 2-3 weeks. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: MacBooksMacBook ProGadgetsApplenotebooksMacs Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryHallucinogenic drugs will be the 'Netflix and chill' of the future Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Super Mario Run coming to iPhone and iPad on Dec 15 You can't go wrong with Marshall's new Bluetooth headsets Huawei launches the Mate 9 Pro- a premium upgrade to the Mate 9 Related stories How to watch today's Apple MacBook Pro launch live Apple Rolls Out 15" MacBook Pro with Force Touch and Cheaper iMac Retina Rumors suggest new MacBook Pro finally arriving this month Royal rumble: The MacBook Pro vs the Surface Book i7 Pissed at the new Apple MacBooks? Get the Dell XPS 13 Apple Will Know If You've Tampered With Its New Macbooks Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Samsung's Galaxy S8 will launch in two big screen variants to seduce Galaxy Note users OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know Lenovo now no. 2 smartphone brand in India, overall market crosses 30 million mark Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked You can't go wrong with Marshall's new Bluetooth headsets India goes cashless: Paytm crosses 50 million downloads on Google play Store Super Mario Run coming to iPhone and iPad on Dec 15 Vivo releases another iPhone 6s lookalike Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: Mahesh Murthy to Share His Journey on Nov 16 Five Ways In Which Arnab Goswami Changed Indian Journalism The Little Known Side of Arnab Goswami #AdAgeUnicorns: KV Sridhar’s Most Celebrated Work Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
null
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release Apple Unveils Groundbreaking New MacBook Pro By Published: Oct 27, 2016 2:22 p.m. ET Share Revolutionary Touch Bar, Breakthrough Performance in Apple’s Thinnest & Lightest Pro Design Ever CUPERTINO, Calif., Oct 27, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Apple® today introduced the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro® ever, along with a breakthrough interface that replaces the traditional row of function keys with a brilliant, Retina®-quality Multi-Touch™ display called the Touch Bar™. The new MacBook Pro features Apple’s brightest and most colorful Retina display yet, the security and convenience of Touch ID®, a more responsive keyboard, a larger Force Touch trackpad and an audio system with double the dynamic range. It’s also the most powerful MacBook Pro ever, featuring sixth-generation quad-core and dual-core processors, up to 2.3 times the graphics performance over the previous generation, super-fast SSDs and up to four Thunderbolt 3 ports. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161027006595/en/ The Touch Bar places controls right at the user’s fingertips and adapts when using the system or apps like Mail, Finder®, Calendar, Numbers®, GarageBand®, Final Cut Pro® X and many more, including third-party apps. For example, the Touch Bar can show Tabs and Favorites in Safari®, enable easy access to emoji in Messages, provide a simple way to edit images or scrub through videos in Photos and so much more. “This week marks the 25th anniversary of Apple’s first notebook; through the years each generation has introduced new innovations and capabilities, and it’s fitting that this all-new generation of MacBook Pro is the biggest leap forward yet,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “With the groundbreaking new Touch Bar, the convenience of Touch ID, the best Mac display ever, powerful performance, improved audio, blazing fast storage and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity in our thinnest and lightest pro notebook yet, the new MacBook Pro is the most advanced notebook ever made.” Thinnest and Lightest MacBook Pro Ever Building on innovations pioneered in MacBook®, the new MacBook Pro features an entirely new enclosure design and all-metal unibody construction that creates an incredibly rigid and dense notebook that is amazingly thin and light. At just 14.9 mm thin, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is 17 percent thinner and 23 percent less volume than the previous generation, and nearly half a pound lighter at just three pounds. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro, at just 15.5 mm thin, is 14 percent thinner and 20 percent less volume than before, and weighing just four pounds, is nearly half a pound lighter. Touch ID Comes to the Mac Integrated into the power button is the convenience and security of Touch ID, one of the great features customers have come to know and love from their iPhone® and iPad®. Once you enroll your fingerprint in Touch ID on your MacBook Pro, you can quickly unlock your Mac®, switch user accounts and make secure purchases with Apple Pay® on the web with a single touch. Touch ID enables a quick, accurate reading of your fingerprint and uses sophisticated algorithms to recognize and match it with the Secure Enclave in the new Apple T1 chip. Apple’s Brightest, Most Colorful Notebook Display The best Mac display ever delivers images that are more vivid, reveal even greater detail and appear more lifelike than ever. As thin as a MacBook display at .88 mm, the Retina display on the new MacBook Pro at 500 nits of brightness, is an amazing 67 percent brighter than the previous generation, features 67 percent more contrast and is the first Mac notebook display to support a wider color gamut. And with power-saving technologies like a larger pixel aperture, a variable refresh rate and more power-efficient LEDs, the display consumes 30 percent less energy than before. The Most Powerful MacBook Pro Yet Powerful processors, cutting-edge graphics, blazing-fast SSDs, high-speed memory and an advanced thermal architecture deliver amazing pro-level performance in a dramatically thinner enclosure. Sixth-generation dual-core Core i5 with eDRAM, dual-core Core i7 with eDRAM and quad-core Core i7 Intel processors deliver pro-level processing performance while conserving energy. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro features powerful Radeon Pro discrete graphics delivering up to 2.3 times more performance than the previous generation; while the 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with Intel Iris Graphics that are up to two times faster than before. All models feature SSDs with sequential read speeds over 3GBps and Thunderbolt 3 which consolidates data transfer, charging and twice the video bandwidth in a single port — allowing users to drive a 5K display and power their MacBook Pro with a single cable. The New MacBook Pro Also Offers: • Much larger Force Touch trackpads — 46 percent larger on the 13-inch MacBook Pro and twice as large on the 15-inch MacBook Pro; • More responsive and comfortable typing on the keyboard with a second-generation butterfly mechanism; • Louder, more true-to-life sound through speakers with double the dynamic range and improved bass; • macOS™ Sierra, the world’s most advanced desktop operating system, with new features like Siri® integration, Universal Clipboard, Apple Pay on the web and Photos, which helps you rediscover your meaningful memories, organize your library and perfect shots like a pro. Pricing & Availability • The 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at $1,499 (US), features a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships today. • The 13-inch MacBook Pro with the revolutionary Touch Bar and Touch ID starts at $1,799 (US), and features a 2.9 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.3 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. • The 15-inch MacBook Pro starts at $2,399 (US), features the revolutionary Touch Bar and Touch ID, a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. • Additional technical specifications, configure-to-order options and accessories are available online at apple.com/macbookpro. Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, macOS, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it. NOTE TO EDITORS: For additional information visit Apple’s PR website (www.apple.com/pr), or call Apple’s Media Helpline at (408) 974-2042. © 2016 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple, the Apple logo, MacBook Pro, Retina, Multi-Touch, Touch Bar, Touch ID, Finder, Numbers, GarageBand, Final Cut Pro, Safari, MacBook, iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Pay, macOS and Siri are trademarks of Apple. Other company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161027006595/en/ SOURCE: Apple Inc. Apple Bill Evans, 408-974-0610 bevans@apple.com Starlayne Meza, 408-974-3391 starlayne@apple.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
follow us: epaper india world cities opinion sports entertainment lifestyle tech photos videos more... black money crackdown fantastic beasts breathless in delhi ht long reads bigg boss 10 movie reviews ht paathshala As it happened: Apple’s MacBook Pro with Touch Bar to cost Rs 1,29,000 Anirban Ghoshal, Hindustan Times, New Delhi |  Updated: Oct 28, 2016 01:13 IST Called the best product ever produced by Apple, the MacBook Pro is set to get an update for the first time after 2013 when it was launched. Earlier, changes to the external design to the Pro was disregarded but new leaked images suggest that the MacBook is all set to get slimmer, get a new OLED bar instead of the function keyboard, add a fingerprint sensor or touch ID and shed USB ports for smaller USB Type-C ports. (The Verge) On Thursday Apple launched a new accessibility site along with the new Apple TV and the TV app. It is also expected to launch the next generation of MacBooks later,. Here are the live updates: 11.52 PM: Tim signs off and shows an advertisement. 11.50 PM: Mac series from MacBook to 15-inch MBP goes from $1299 to $2399. In India, the starting price will be Rs 1,29,900 and will be available according to the global dates. The top end Mac will set you back by Rs 2,05,900. (The Verge) 11.43 PM: The Apple MacBook Pro will run latest macOS Sierra. It promises 10 hours of battery life.The cheapest 13-inch Pro has traditional function keys. It has two Thunderbolt 3 ports. The 13-inch MacBook Pro is thinner than the MacBook thinner (12% thinner and has 13% lesser volume). They both weigh 3 pounds. Cheap model has 2.0GHz i5, mid 13-inch has 2.Ghz i5, and 15-inch MBP has 2.66GHz quad-core i7. Can order today, cheap MacBook starts shipping today, and everything else starts shipping in 2–3 weeks. (The Verge) 11.40 PM: Microsoft bringing new tools for Touch Bar. This will include comple Microsoft Office support along with Skype for Business. Other support options will include DJ Pro, video and photos editing software. (screengrab) 11.32 PM: Now its time for the Touch Bar to pass the DJ test. Apple is showing sampling and other tools. 11.28 PM: Bradee Evans from Adobe comes to stage to showcase Photoshop on the new MacBook Pro. She is showcasing the Touch Bar abilities too. She is showing off the new tools on the Touch Bar. She is cutting and pasting a photo. She is also showing cutting, blending and other tools. (The Verge) 11.22 PM: Susan Prescott, VP of product marketing for FCP on stage. The new Final Cut Pro will be the most powerful Vine editor yet along with Touch Bar abilities. 11.20 PM: Phil turns to display. It is 67% brighter and has 67% higher contrast ratio and has 25% more colour with better battery backup. The 15-inch MacBook Pro comes with the Intel Core i7 quad-core 2133 MhZ processor. It has Radeon Pro 14nm GPU with 4GB RAM. It has 3.1GBPS SSD hard drive upto 2TB support. The SSD is 50% faster. It has better sound. So gaming is 60% faster and video editing is 57% faster. (The Verge) The 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with Intel core i5/i7 dual core processor. It will come with same SSD support. So gaming is 103% faster and 76% faster in tems of video editing. Both the Macs will come with four Thunderbolt 3 ports and any of them can be plugged in as Power, Thunderbolt, USB, HDMI and much more. (The Verge) Schiller is hyping an LG 5K display as the “ultimate docking station” for the MBP, which means Thunderbolt Display update stans are left to weep the tears of the abandoned yet again. 11.18 PM: Touch ID can be used to fast switch between user profiles on the new MacBook Pro. 11.14 PM: Touch Bar is also being showcased with the photos and videos app. It throws up editing or playing options. It acts on multi-touch. It also allows more powerful edits as well. The trackpad may be history soon. Filters are also seen on the Touch Bar. This is a new touch that will jolt Windows. Touch Bar can also be customised to include tools you like. 11.12 PM: The Touch Bar also can change controls for email. It also has quick reply options along with text colour options. The Touch Bar can also help replying to text messages. It also helps in suggesting emojis. It is super fast and is easy. A thumbs up or a heart is easy to put on. Looks more like scribble on Apple Watch. You can also move through tabs and get social media options as well for sharing. 11.09 PM: Touch ID, as gussed, is coming along with the Touch Bar. The ID is supported by the Apple T1 chip. This will allow users to use Apple Pay directly from the Mac. 11.08 PM: Apple’s OLED bar is called Touch Bar. It replaces the system functions. The Touch Bar adapts to the new software that the user is using. It introduces a new set of tools like search or new tab when you are in a browser. In a photo app, the touch bar transforms into a small toolbar along with Siri and system icons. 11.06 PM: Improved keyboard on the new MacBook Pro-- second generation butterply keyboard. As guessed the function keys are gone. It shows the OLED bar. Phil is super excited and is showing the old age IBM and the first keyboard with function keys. 11.04 PM: Phil comes to stage to talk about the new MacBook Pro. It has a whole new design. The OLED bar can be seen already. He says that it is the thinnest and the lightest Pro ever made. It is 14.9 mm thin. It is 23% smaller in volume. It weighs 3 pounds -- almost half a pound less than the last one. The 15-inch Pro is 15.5 mm thin. It is 14% thinner and 20% smaller in volume. The trackpad is twice as big and comes with force touch technology. He says that it is the best trackpad that Apple ever made. 11.02 PM: Tim plays clip of MacBooks. It shows the changes of the MacBook in the last 25 years. 11.01 PM: Tim mentions how Apple pushed innovations in this category. He talks about better battery, display, design and ergonomics. 11:00 PM: Tim says that this is the 25th anniversary for Macs. In 1991, October 25, Apple introduced its first notebook. 10.59 PM: Tim starts about the MacBooks. Says Macs are very important to Apple and to the world. “It has such a huge impact on education, health and others...”. He also makes reference to MacOS Sierra and also the iCloud drive and mentions the cross copy paste feature across all Apple device. Cook also says that Mac now also has Siri now. 10. 57 PM: The TV also lets you watch live shows or channels. You can ask Siri to tune into any news channels. The TV app is free and will come to US late this year. 10.55 PM: Siri also works with the app. users can ask it play any show or movie in the library. 10.52 PM: Jin says it doesn’t end there. The app also allows users to choose stuff from curated playlists and watch shows directly. This feature is called Watch Now. It also has favourites and purchases along with a library view. Users can also buy new movies and scubscribe to different apps. The app also syncs to other devices. 10.51 PM: It will change how you watch TV, he says and calls on Jin to explain how TV will work. The app pulls in all the content from all the apps that you are subscribed to. It can start off from where you last stopped watching. 10.49 PM: Tim back on stage. Talks about Siri and how Apple wants users to have a unified TV experience. Tim announces a new app called TV. 10:47 PM: New kind of apps emerging on Apple TV. Ryan Troy from Twitter takes to stage to explain the new kind of apps. Troy showcases how sports watching can be fun with Twitter timeline which can show comments from sports stars, journalists’ updates and video replays. It also includes Periscopes. 10:45 PM: 8,000 apps on Apple TV, Over 2,000 games. Minecraft to come to Apple TV by the end of the year. Over 1,600 apps to enjoy in terms of TV shows, movies and TV programming. Apple TV to also offer live sports. 10.41 PM: Japan went live with Apple Pay. Important as the country has huge transaction numbers everyday. Apple watch is the best way to get around in Japan, Cook says. He also claims that Apple Watch highly recommended by reviewers. More to announce. Apple TV announcement begins. 10.40 PM: In just over a month nearly 60% of our customers are already on the iOS 10. Competition is nowhere. We shipped iOS10.1 with portrait mode. Customers have shared good feedback with great user testimonials. 10.35 PM: Tim says already 4 million memories have been enjoyed with the new iPhone 7 launch. Memories is a new feature which creates a new clip of photographs in your photos app. 10:34 PM: Tim talks about customary updates. He starts with the iPhone. He claims people are loving it. He is showing some pictures that people have taken with the latest smartphone. 10.33 PM: Tim says Apple is launching a new accesibility website. A website for phsyically challenged people. He wants them to change the world. 10:32 PM: Tim takes stage. Says Good morning. Welcome back to the Apple campus. “Thank you! I see some iPhones.” He is clad in his classic denims 10:31 PM: Apple clip hits screen just like every event. This is going to set the tone for the event. clip is showing Apple Watch and Mac software capibilities. It clearly says -- technology is for everyone. 10: 28 PM: Music playing at the Graham Bill Civic Auditorium. Announcement made to turn off or put devices on silent mode. Apple Macs to be unveiled shortly. (The Verge) Called the best product ever produced by Apple, the MacBook Pro is set to get an update for the first time after 2013 when it was launched. Earlier, changes to the external design to the Pro was disregarded but new leaked images suggest that the MacBook is all set to get slimmer, get a new OLED bar instead of the function keyboard, add a fingerprint sensor or touch ID and shed USB ports for smaller USB Type-C ports. Also, references within El Capitan’s code suggest a new machine could be in the works, which would enable the company to benefit from the last two years of processor advances. The chips could also go through a change and Apple might have to choose between Skylake and E5 V4 Broadwell chips. Coming to the MacBook Air, there might be some bad news. Apple may be considering retiring the Air. Also, the Mac mini missed out on being updated in 2015 users can hope to see a 2016 update to the machine that is currently using Haswell processors. Tags Apple MacBooks Tim Cook MacBook Pro Air Read more from Livemint also read Now apps to help you track ATMs, banks and post offices with cash WhatsApp launches video calling to take on Google Duo, Skype 2022 will see 550 mn 5G subscriptions; India, US to lead the way Over 412 million adult-website credentials hacked: Security firm Show comments india world opinion analysis columns editorials blogs authors cities delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi sports cricket football tennis other sports entertainment movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid lifestyle sex &relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books brunch weekend tech photos india world cartoons sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos videos india world sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos education business ht-indepth real estate autos punjab epaper weather livemint livehindustan shine HTcampus desimartini ht-syndication Copyright © 2016 HT Media Limited. ht delhi/ncr subscription | about us|contact us|work with us|privacy policy|disclaimer|print ad rates|jobs|rss 20 nations sign framework agreement of International Solar Alliance Janardhan Reddy’s spending on daughter’s wedding is as strategic as extravagant SC refuses to stay demonetisationmove, govt hopeful of recovering Rs 10L cr Indelible ink for cash deposits must not create problems for voters: EC RBI reminds cooperative banks to adhere to currency exchange rules Dwindling revenue forces Telangana to put welfare schemes on the back burner Govt hikes minimum support prices for pulses to boost output Government digs in its heels as Opposition rallies over demonetisation Jaitley dismisses Oppn charge of govt being unprepared for demonetisation Barack Obama warns of risks from ‘crude’ nationalism Israel appoints first ambassador to Turkey since Gaza spat Rudy Giuliani top contender for US secretary of state post Nepal detains Tibetan refugees in crackdown as China’s influence grows Assange questioning on sex crime charges ends in London; no decision yet Iraq’s ancient city of Nimrud recaptured but heavily damaged Pakistan SC not satisfied with PM Sharif’s reply in Panama Papers case Bangladesh court indicts seven in killing of Japanese man French prez Sarkozy again hit by claims of receiving funds from Gadhafi’s regime delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Unholy nexus: A priest by day, bike thief at night Dhabas, small eateries feel the heat as sales plummet Over 2 lakh trucks not moving, supplies to Delhi-NCR may be hit Cash crunch knocks down realty deals in Delhi-NCR Now trucks can enter Delhi only after midnight, orders L-G Jung Queues get longer in Delhi, frustration mounts Kejriwal ups ante in assembly session, wants note ban rolled back Yamuna too polluted to allow cultivation of vegetables, fruits: NGT Bank on them: People who are working hard to solve your cash crunch analysis columns editorials blogs authors Why retrieved antiquities should be sent back to pace of origin India and Japan: Why this relationship is different Govt should stop RSS from furthering its ideological agenda in schools Bastar IGP Kalluri is running riot; the Raman Singh govt has much to answer for Off tangent, but Parrikar should use this opportunity to win friends in J-K Clinton’s defeat weakens Merkel, Trump’s victory strengthens Le Pen Impunity of Bastar police holds up mirror to our collective impotency The ‘crime’ of documenting human rights violations The US is protesting against a system that normalises Donald Trump cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa New hockey league to be fresh Olympic qualifying event What can Indian spinners learn from Adil Rashid ISL: Chennaiyin beat Pune City, back in hunt for semifinal berth Five things India need to do to win in Vizag Zafar Ansari credits Pragyan Ojha, Murali Kartik for his growth as spinner Saina Nehwal, PV Sindhu hope for better start in China Steve Smith: It is humiliating to lose five Test matches in a row Anil Kumble’s new test –read Vizag pitch right South Africa cricket on a high, Australia going down and under movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Kaabil was a beautiful journey, says Hrithik Roshan Sarvann is a long cherished goal: Priyanka Chopra Lions Of The Sea: Salman to produce Rs 300 cr film on Sikh hero Gurdit Singh Dear Zindagi take 4: Will Alia take SRK’s suggestions seriously? Films like Lion don’t come often for someone who looks like me: Dev Patel See: Shahid Kapoor ‘soaking the sun’ in this Instagram pic Tum Bin 2 won’t suffer due to demonetisation: Anubhav Sinha Natalie Portman is getting raves for her performance as Jackie Kennedy They are rumours: Kabir Khan on Salman-SRK working together in Tubelight sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch weekend Moms-to-be, relax: Stress can affect the mental health of your child 5 amusement parks around the world that you’ve got to visit at least once For a healthy life: Bariatric surgery may cut the risk of heart failure Bosses, keep your angry employees close to you for better management Corporate lifestyle making more men diabetic than women, says survey Healthy lifestyle can help you fight even genetic heart attack risk Sonam Gupta bewafa hai? Internet trolls say yes, Sonams disagree Coming soon: Mumbai’s biggest poetry festival, Poets Translating Poets Is the age of cleavage over? Designers say high necklines were always trendy Now apps to help you track ATMs, banks and post offices with cash WhatsApp launches video calling to take on Google Duo, Skype 2022 will see 550 mn 5G subscriptions; India, US to lead the way Over 412 million adult-website credentials hacked: Security firm Vivo V5 with huge 20MP front camera launched at Rs 17,980 Apple Pay expands to charities, Samsung Pay to offer rewards Indian smartphone market crosses 30 million shipments as Samsung leads WhatsApp video calling is here for Android, Windows! Here’s how to connect Facebook’s WhatsApp adds secure video calling amid privacy concerns india world cartoons sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos Children’s Day celebrated across nation The Rock says Aloha at the premiere of Disney’s Moana Children’s Day: Child artistes who went on to become stars In these tough times, 12 movie characters who could spare some change Rajkot Test: Kohli helps India earn hard-fought draw vs England Sidharth Malhotra’s pics from New Zealand will give you travel goals Rajkot Test: Haseeb Hameed fifty helps England extend advantage over In... Redmayne comes Rowling into Manhattan for the Fantastic Beasts premiere Bigg Boss 10: Salman Khan, Himesh Reshammiya and a dazzling weekend india world sports entertainment lifestyle tech autos Watch | Cows stranded on patch of grass after earthquake Watch | Farmers hit hard by demonetisation, no cash to buy manure or se... Watch | Cop turns teacher for rag-picking children Watch | PM Modi’s mother exchanges money Watch | Bizarre wedding proposal with a croc Watch | Supermoon appears in Australia Watch | Board examinations begin in Kashmir amid the shutdown Watch | Furniture made of fungus ISL | Vineeth’s brace scripts Kerala Blaster’s stunning comeback win vs... education business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories paathshala livemint livehindustan shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad desimartini There’s little connection between cash in economy and corruption Cyrus Mistry removed as Tata Global Beverages chairman, says move illegal Indelible ink and cash flights to deal with India’s demonetisation blues Cash crunch: Bride-to-be’s father dies of heart attack in Punjab’s Tarn Taran SC to hear contempt plea against Badals for statements against SYL verdict Vodafone takes $5 billion charge against new price war in India SYL: Cong shifts into poll gear, Amarinder’s roadshows from Nov 21 across Punjab India’s October exports at $23.5 billion, grow nearly 10% Demanding clemency for Rajoana, SGPC writes to President again
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home Reviews Laptops Gaming Laptops Lenovo Ideapad Y900-17ISK Gaming Notebook Review Lenovo tries its hand at the gaming laptop market with the Ideapad Y900-17ISK. And, you know what? They did pretty darn well. Come and take a look. By: Steven Bassiri | Gaming Laptops in Laptops | Posted: Oct 27, 2016 4:15 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 93%Manufacturer: Lenovo Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Physical Overview] Page 3 [Physical Overview Continued] Page 4 [Software and BIOS] Page 5 [System Performance Benchmarks] Page 6 [Gaming Performance Benchmarks] Page 7 [System IO and Battery Performance] Page 8 [Thermal Performance] Page 9 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     Loaded with an overclockable Intel Skylake microprocessor, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M mobile graphics card, and some killer aesthetics, the Ideapad Y900 isn't what you typically think of when you think of Lenovo. The Ideapad Y900 is an attempt by one of the most successful notebook vendors to venture into the high-end mobile gaming market, and I have to say, at first glance, they have done a nice job. The Ideapad Y900 doesn't only have very nice specifications, but it also carries many other technologies to compete with competitors with the same specifications.     A Turbo slider-button brings back memories of the old days when you would hit the turbo button on your desktop to gain a few megahertz. G-Sync ensures solid graphics output to the 17" panel, and Killer's DoubtShot Duo allows you to team your wireless and wired connections for extra network bandwidth.   The keyboard also uses mechanical keys, which is unique for a notebook, but something gamers will appreciate. Speaker placement has also been optimized to provide a solid experience without headphones. Venture with me as I take a close look at the Lenovo Ideapad Y900.     Specifications     The Ideapad Y900 uses an Intel i7-6820HK quad-core / eight-thread CPU with a base speed of 2.8GHz and a Turbo up to 3.6GHz. Using Lenovo's built-in Turbo button, you can increase that to 4.1GHz. The notebook comes with a 17.3" FHD (1920x1080) IPS Anti-Glare LED panel that supports NVIDIA G-Sync. A NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 8GB variant powers the panel. The unit I got comes with 16GB of DDR4 at 2133MHz, a 1TB HDD, and a 256GB M.2 SSD.     The Ideapad Y900 uses a 230W adapter. You get a 6-cell 90Wh battery that should last up to five hours. The notebook uses two JBL speakers and a 3W subwoofer, comes with a 720p HD web camera, and uses a Killer Wireless AC NIC. Dimensions are 425x315x36(WxDxH), and it weighs in around 4.6KG. It's not light nor small, but it packs some very nice gaming hardware.     Pricing   The Ideapad Y900 comes in different configurations, with the base costing $2500. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Physical Overview] Page 3 [Physical Overview Continued] Page 4 [Software and BIOS] Page 5 [System Performance Benchmarks] Page 6 [Gaming Performance Benchmarks] Page 7 [System IO and Battery Performance] Page 8 [Thermal Performance] Page 9 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You GIGABYTE P55W v6 Gaming Notebook Review ASUS ROG G701 17.3" Overclockable Gaming Notebook... GIGABYTE P37X V5 Gaming Notebook Review OriginPC's EON17-X Laptop Review, a modern mobile(... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags Lenovo Ideapad Y900 GTX 980M 6820HK laptop notebook Intel NVIDIA G-Sync 1080p overclockable Turbo gaming Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
null
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Botnet Ddos Internet Of Things Emergent Tech Internet of Things Divide the internet into compartments to save us from the IoT fail whale Intel's chief IoT security bloke puts forward one possible solution Moby Dick was Captain Ahab's nautical nemesis in the (hyphen-enriched) Herman Melville novel Moby-Dick; or, The Whale . File picture 27 Oct 2016 at 14:02, Gareth Corfield Gareth Corfield Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Comment Of The Week, Internet Of Things, Royal Navy, Drone, Ministry Of Defence Recent Articles F-35 'sovereign data gateway' will stop US reading pilots' personal data? Yeah right Bristol AI chip upstart Graphcore scores $30m in VC dosh Uber drivers entitled to UK minimum wage, London tribunal rules The best way of protecting us from Internet of Things botnets is to compartmentalise the entire internet, Intel’s chief architect for IoT security solutions has said. Sven Schrecker, speaking exclusively to The Register at IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona, also branded the potential impact of IoT botnets as ‘“devastating”, warning that the Krebs website attack was just the tip of the iceberg. So far IoT botnet miscreants have employed “quiet exploitation followed by loud exploits,” Schrecker said. “They’re just making it difficult for internet services to function.” If the operators behind these IoT-enabled botnets were to “point them at industry” instead of smaller targets such as individual journalists’ websites, as happened with infosec researcher Brian Krebs, the impact on the world economy could be “devastating”, he added. The recent high-profile IoT botnet DDoS attacks have, so far, avoided using traditional traffic amplification techniques such as DNS reflection because consumer-grade IoT devices are so easily hacked en masse. This makes it much harder for DDoS mitigation services to cope, as was seen when Akamai threw Krebs off its network with two hours’ notice. An attack against infrastructure would quickly harden legislators’ attitudes towards the IoT, Schrecker warned, giving them a “very strong will to alter” existing light touch governmental security mandates. Is self-regulation an option before the same sharp minds that gave us the EU cookie directive omnishambles set their sights on the IoT? Schrecker was quietly confident, though he hedged his bets: “We have the makings of a standard for IIOT [Industrial Internet of Things, the new-fangled term for what used to be called M2M]. If that works, it can go to IoT. Setting standards is not a quick process but consolidated industry opinion saying the same thing, that’s much more strengthened.” As for coping with the threat we face now, courtesy of millions of pathetically insecure consumer IoT devices, Schrecker’s proposed solution sounds elegantly simple, in theory at least: “Distribute, for example, gateways. Edge gateways that can contain a DDoS and are smart enough to talk to each other and help contain them that way.” Gateways “can then be updated” in lieu of individual device owner-operators having to do it themselves, “defeat vulnerabilities, contain botnets, and even notify owner-operators.” Again, it sounds great on paper. As Schrecker warned, however, until there’s a major IoT DDoS that affects something people care about - financial services rather than cloud-based pet-feeding apps - there’ll be no public will to harpoon the Moby Dick that is IoT security. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 34 Comments More from The Register SpamTorte botnet gets turbo-charged Revamped version speeds junk mail attacks 5 Comments Mirai IoT botnet blamed for 'smashing Liberia off the internet' Entire country gets to enjoy life without the web thanks to huge DDoS attack, it is claimed 9 Comments A successor to Mirai? Newly discovered malware aims to create fresh IoT botnet Dubbed Linux/IRCTelnet, nasty's source code based on Aidra 11 Comments Researchers expose Mirai vuln that could be used to hack back against botnet Exploit can halt attacks from IoT devices 18 Comments Chinese electronics biz recalls webcams at heart of botnet DDoS woes US products compromised by Mirai mischief in another Internet of Things success 72 Comments Security man Krebs' website DDoS was powered by hacked Internet of Things botnet Internet of Amazingly Insecure Tat? That's the one 33 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Invasion of the virus-addled lightbulbs (and other banana stories) Ericsson’s patent pool is far from the new start the IoT needs Top of the bots: This AI isn't a cold, cruel killing machine – it's a pop music hit machine Spark meets HAL: Apache's cluster master goes deep Will AI spell the end of humanity? The tech industry wants you to think so Mysterious algorithms, black-box AI recruiters are binning our résumés Pound falling, Marmite off the shelves – what the UK needs right now is ... an AI ethics board Do AI chat bots need a personality bypass – or will we only trust gabber 'droids with character? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Winners and Losers of the Galaxy Note 7 Recall The Galaxy Note 7 line has officially been axed. What does it mean for Samsung and who could benefit from the fallout? Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) Oct 27, 2016 at 7:38AM Beyond Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), the Galaxy Note 7's discontinuation will help and hurt other players throughout the smartphone industry, including chip manufacturers and other suppliers. In this clip from Industry Focus: Tech, Motley Fool analysts Dylan Lewis and Evan Niu, CFA, discuss who stands to win and who stands to lose.  A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Oct. 14, 2016. Dylan Lewis: Evan, we talked about how the premium side of the smartphone market could see some shake-up. We might see some consumers that were interested in the Galaxy line, maybe they were Galaxy Note owners, taking this opportunity to either try an iOS device, maybe another Android device. Do you think there are any big beneficiaries with this? Evan Niu: I think there are definitely some winners and losers. If we start with the loser list, I think it's a little bit shorter, because Samsung is mostly self-contained in terms of its suppliers. Samsung is so directly integrated that it makes most of the components that go to its phones. It still has some third-party part suppliers. But as far as supply relationships go that might suffer from reduced unit volumes, it's mostly going to be within Samsung itself. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) probably loses a little bit because the Snapdragon 820 is inside the U.S. variants... Lewis: Can you explain what the Snapdragon does? Niu: Snapdragon is the main applications processor that has integrated modem and all these things. It's one of the most part and pieces of any phone, the processor. Samsung, what they do is they have all these different variants for different geographies. Samsung has been trying to ship to its own in-house Exynos processor. I think the last year, they were exclusively Exynos, with no Snapdragon, but this year, Qualcomm has gotten back into the mix, they've improved their chips a little bit and got more competitive. There's some variance for different geographies, and Qualcomm is in the U.S. variance. So, they'll lose a little bit, since they obviously won't be selling into this phone anymore. But there's kind of a hedge, because Qualcomm does sell a lot into Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). If people buy iPhones instead of the Note 7, probably incrementally negative to Qualcomm, but they're not totally out of the picture. Lewis: Right, you might be a little pinched, but nothing crazy. Niu: Right, there's a little bit of a hedge, there's a silver lining. And of course, it depends on which iPhone you get, because not Qualcomm has lost a little bit of spot in the iPhone, because Qualcomm used to be the exclusive modem supplier, and for the first time ever, Apple has gone to Intel -- well, first time not including Infineon 10 years ago. Now, this year, Apple is now buying modems from Qualcomm and Intel, depending on which phone you get. As far as pure winners, I would say certainly Apple. Lewis: Yeah, I think they're up 10% since some of the products issues around the Note 7 surfaced. The market certainly seems to think... Niu: Yeah, there was already iPhone 7 optimism, and now the shares just keep going higher. They're at 2016 highs because of all this stuff that's going on with Samsung. I think it's pretty clear that a lot of people are probably going to try. And we've already been seeing Android switching rates continue to rise every quarter. Apple touts this every quarter, every quarter they're like, "Highest Android switcher rates ever." I think that trend is going to continue, particularly with one of the biggest Android OEMs hitting into this wall here. As mentioned, Intel is now in some of the iPhones. So Intel, to the extent that people are buying the phones with their modem, they benefit. Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM), I think, is a big winner here too. They actually just released earnings that were pretty strong. Taiwan semiconductor is producing Apple's A10 Fusion chip. Another change this year is that, in prior years, Apple had been dual sourcing its chip manufacturing from both Samsung and Taiwan Semiconductor, which started one or two years ago. They only brought on Taiwan semiconductor one or two years ago. But now, supposedly, with all the indications that we're getting, it's exclusively to TSMC, which is a huge win for them and a huge blow to Samsung, in terms of the foundry business on the chip manufacturing side. That's a lot more chips that Taiwan Semi is going to be making for Apple. They just released earnings, it was pretty strong, came in above expectations. I don't remember the exact numbers. But the important thing is that Taiwan Semiconductor raised fourth quarter guidance, and that raised guidance did not factor in the possibility of these other phones being discontinued. So they were already super bullish, even before factoring in the Note 7's discontinuation into their forecast. So, I think they're really going to bank this holiday quarter if Apple sells enough phones. That's a ton of orders going to TSMC to make these A10 Fusion chips. I think they're probably a pretty big winner here. Lewis: Yeah, I think a lot of people tend to read into the commentary we get from component manufacturers that go into the iPhone as a general baseline for how that segment might be doing when Apple reports again. If you're seeing guidance up from Taiwan Semiconductor, that probably bodes well for the iPhone business. Niu: Yeah. And even before the Samsung Note -- that's what blew me away -- their guidance was so strong, and they literally said, "This does not include any impact if the Note 7 is discontinued," which it has been. So, it looks really good for them. As far as third-party carriers or retailers are concerned, I think they're pretty ambivalent. They're just trying to do their best to help their customers not be in danger. Their brands aren't going to be affected, and they're not going to be bearing a lot of cost because Samsung is going to be paying for all of this. So most of the retailers and carriers just want to do what's right for the customer and get these things off the market. I don't think there's going to be any damage to them. Dylan Lewis owns shares of Apple. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 7:38AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.77 up $0.84 (1.27%) Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $29.20 up $0.35 (1.21%) Samsung NASDAQOTH:SSNLF $1,250.00 no change (0.00%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases QNAP Launches Enterprise-class TES-x85U NAS Series Featuring Intel Xeon D Processor and Dual OS Options The 12Gb/s SAS-enabled TES-1885U and TES-3085U adopt an advanced 14nm Intel® Xeon® D 64-bit SoC processor with an integrated PCH (6-core and 8-core respectively). Both models have two built-in 10GbE SFP+ ports to natively support 10GbE network environments, and can further boost system performance with PCIe Gen.3 expansion for additional 10GbE/40GbE adapters and PCIe NVMe SSD. The high-density TES-3085U is especially useful for providing an ultra-fast all-flash storage solution that offers up to 24 drive bays and 6 dedicated SDDs bays for caching. The TES-x85U provides the flexibility of two operating systems, either the FreeBSD-based QES for enterprise-level storage with maximized business continuity, or Linux-based QTS for enjoying application storage with greater functionality. “With quality hardware delivering high expandability and reliability alongside powerful software manageability, the TES-x85U is highly suited for mission-critical computing tasks and applications,” said David Tsao, Product Manager of QNAP, adding “The extreme flexibility to choose from two operating systems further allows businesses to deploy ideal operating systems on multiple TES-x85U based on their needs and goals in different stages.” QES features ZFS, the best file system for business data storage, and supports multiple advanced functions for high-end enterprise storage, including RAID-Z for data protection, nearly limitless snapshots, SnapSync, data deduplication and in-line compression for optimized VDI storage performance, self-healing, and more. With SnapSync, the TES-x85U can be used as an efficient backup system for QNAP Enterprise ZFS NAS to immediately recover all the backed up data locally to take over operations and services with maximized uptime. The TES-x85U with QTS performs as an all-in-one NAS solution. QNAP’s Qtier Technology empowers the TES-x85U with Auto Tiering that helps continuously optimize storage efficiency across SSDs and SAS/SATA drives, providing utmost efficient storage center. A comprehensive disaster recovery solution is fulfilled by rich backup options including volume and LUN snapshots, RTRR, rsync and cloud storage backup. Users can create Windows®, Linux®, UNIX® and Android™ virtual machines for extensive applications on the NAS using Virtualization Station, or initiate LXC and Docker® containers and IoT development with Container Station. QTS provides services for diverse application servers (including a web server, VPN server, and FTP server), and the App Center includes hundreds of install-on-demand apps to expand NAS functionality (including Surveillance Station for security surveillance, Q’center for centrally managing multiple QNAP NAS, and more). The TES-x85U series is certified for VMware® vSphere™ 6.0 and supports VAAI, provides compatibility for Microsoft® Hyper-V® with the support for ODX and Windows Server® 2012, and supports Citrix® XenServer™ 6.0 to maximize flexible deployment and management in virtualization environments. The scalable TES-x85U series can connect up to 8 QNAP expansion enclosures (REXP-1620U-RP and REXP-1220U-RP) to flexibly expand its raw capacity. With VJBOD (Virtual JBOD), users can also mount the unused storage capacity from other QNAP NAS units to the TES-x85U and create virtual storage pools and volumes for operating NAS services as if they were using local drives. Key specifications  TES-1885U: Intel® Xeon® D-1531 2.2 GHz 6-core processor; DDR4 RAM, expandable to 128 GB; 12x 2.5″ / 3.5″ SAS and SATA drives on the front, 6x 2.5″ SATA 6Gb/s SSD slots at the rear TES-1885U-D1531-32G: 32 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x2) TES-1885U-D1531-64G: 64 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x4) TES-1885U-D1531-16GR: 16 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x2) TES-1885U-D1531-32GR: 32 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x4) TES-1885U-D1531-128GR: 128 GB ECC RAM (32GB RDIMM x4) TES-3085U: Intel® Xeon® D-1548 2.0 GHz 8-core processor; DDR4 RAM, expandable to 128 GB; 24x 2.5″ SAS and SATA drives on the front, 6x 2.5″ SATA 6Gb/s SSD slots at the rear TES-3085U-D1548-32G: 32 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x2) TES-3085U-D1548-64G: 64 GB non-ECC RAM (16GB UDIMM x4) TES-3085U-D1548-16GR: 16 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x2) TES-3085U-D1548-32GR: 32 GB ECC RAM (8GB RDIMM x4) TES-3085U-D1548-128GR: 128 GB ECC RAM (32GB RDIMM x4) Both are 2U rackmount models; 2x 10GbE SFP+ ports; 4x Gigabit ports; 4x PCIe slots Availability  The TES-1885U NAS is now available; the TES-3085U NAS will be available in November. For more information, and to view the full QNAP NAS lineup, please visit http://www.qnap.com. About QNAP Systems, Inc.  QNAP Systems, Inc., as its brand promise “Quality Network Appliance Provider”, aims to deliver comprehensive offerings of cutting edge network attached storage (NAS) and network video recorder (NVR) solutions featured with ease-of-use, robust operation, large storage capacity, and trustworthy reliability. QNAP integrates technologies and designs to bring forth quality products that effectively improve business efficiency on file sharing, virtualization applications, storage management and surveillance in the business environments, as well as enrich entertainment life for home users with the offering of a fun multimedia center experience. Headquartered in Taipei, QNAP delivers its solutions to the global market with nonstop innovation. More information is at http://www.qnap.com. Media Contacts marketing@qnap.com SOURCE QNAP Systems, Inc Author ilsPosted on October 27, 2016October 27, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Vical Announces News Release and Conference Call Schedule for Third Quarter 2016 Financial Results Next Next post: Monster Worldwide rechaza la oferta de licitación parcial de MediaNews Group Search for: Search Recent Posts FXCM Opens Office in South Africa DVCon Europe 2016 Gains in Popularity, Attendance Grows By 20% Over Previous Year Healthy Eating Is Finally Practical with the OGarden Vetical.com Introduces Affordable & Secure Cloud Based Veterinary Management Solution for Better Animal Care Johnson: UK can leave EU customs union and maintain free trade at the same time Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Microsoft event: Windows 10 Creators update, Surface PC, new Surface Book and more Microsoft event: Windows 10 Creators update, Surface PC, new Surface Book and more Microsoft's top announcements: Surface Book laptop, Surface Studio PC, Surface Dial, Windows 10 Creators update and more. By: Tech Desk | Updated: October 27, 2016 11:59 am Microsoft’s big Surface event: Surface Studio PC, new Surface Book, Windows 10 Creators update, and more. All the top announcements from Microsoft’s big event. In this photo, the new Surface Studio PC is seen. (Source: Reuters) Microsoft’s Surface PC event took place in New York last night, and the company has made some exciting announcements. This includes a new Surface Book laptop, a Surface Studio PC aimed at creative professionals, a Surface Dial for interacting with these devices, and a Windows 10 Creators update. While there was no big update on the mobile side of things from Microsoft, this event was geared towards the professionals. We take a look at everything that Microsoft announced in this event from the new Surface hardware to software. Windows 10 Creators Update Microsoft says they want to transform computing as we know it, and enable “3D creativity, mixed reality, and eSports and game broadcasting for everyone.” With Windows 10 Creators update, Microsoft plans to bring new tools which will make it easy for people to create and share photos, drawings and other images in 3D. Creators Update will come as a free update by early 2017, and it will be made available to all 400 million devices running Windows 10. However, those on Windows Insiders program will get the Creators Update this week itself. Microsoft is promising “3D and mixed reality to everyone,” with these tools. Users will able to “start capturing in 3D, printing in 3D, creating in 3D, sharing in 3D, and experiencing mixed reality,” says the Microsoft blog. For instance, Microsoft plans to add 3D support for taking photos on smartphones running on Windows 10 mobile soon. Microsoft will extend this to iOS and Android in the future as well. Arvind Kejriwal Attacks Janardhan Reddy Over His Daughter’s Big Fat Wedding Demonetisation: Farmers Should Have Been Exempted, Says CM Akhilesh Yadav Kaabil Is About Finding The Brightest Light Inside You: Hrithik Roshan Demonetisation: Church Opens Donation Box, Dhaba Offers Free Food For Public CBSE Makes Class 10th Board Exams Mandatory 2017 Session Demonetisation: Indelible Inks To Be Put On Cash Exchanger’s Finger To Prevent Fraud Obama Advises Trump Over ‘Signals Of Unity’, Temperament, ‘New Voice And New Ideas’ PM Modi’s 96-year-old mother exchanges currency notes at Ahmedabad bank Marriage Is The Biggest Change In My Life : Vidya Balan Vidya Balan Reacts To Govt’s Decision Of Making Rs 500- Rs1000 Illegal Skin Show Is Not Necessarily Sexy, Says Alia Bhatt Express ADDA With Baba Ramdev Demonetisation: Banks Provide New Rs 500 Notes Venkaiah Naidu On Demonetisation: No Regrets Bigg Boss 10 November 14 Review: Contestants Still Stand Divided Between Indiawaale And Celebrities Microsoft also announced Paint 3D, which will let a user “create and build 3D objects.” There’s also Remix 3D, which will be an “online community to connect creators and creations around the world and bring 3D content to the masses.” Microsoft announced Trimble’s 3D modelling program SketchUp will be part of Remix3D.com. Also Microsoft Office suite will get native support for 3D content in 2017. Microsoft also announced Paint 3D, which will let a user create and “create and build 3D objects.” (Source: AP) Surface Studio Microsoft also announced a new generation all-in-one desktop called Surface Studio, which is aimed at professionals like architects, artists, designers. This $2999 (goes up all the way to $4199) will initially be available in limited quantities in this holiday season. Also read: Microsoft Surface Studio PC: Price, specifications and features Surface Studio features a 4.5k ultra HD 28-inch screen with PixelSense display. Microsoft says the display packs 13.5 million pixels. Studio PC is made from forged aluminum unibody enclosure with 12.5mm thin touch screen. This one has the world’s thinnest LCD monitor inside a PC, and the display offers 3:2 aspect ratio with a pixel density of 192 ppi. Microsoft has also built true scale into this, which means 1-inch on the screen equals 1-inch in real life. The Surface Studio features a 4.5k ultra HD 28-inch screen with PixelSense display. Microsoft says the display packs 13.5 million pixels. (Source: AP) But the cool feature about the Microsoft Surface Studio PC is the “zero gravity hinge with custom tuned springs and 20-degree drafting angle.” If you look at Microsoft’s video showcasing this device, you’ll see how it can just bend down as a user touches on the display, and then be used as a giant tablet of sorts. Surface Studio is also compatible with Surface Pen and thus supporting real-time scribbling on the display. According to Microsoft, this PC is “a new class of device that transforms from a desktop PC into a powerful digital canvas.” Microsoft says the Studio PC delivers 63 per cent more pixels than a state-of-the-art 4K TV. Surface Studio will come with Intel Core i5/i7 sixth generation processor with 8GB, 16GB, or 32GB RAM variations. It will come with Rapid Hybrid Drive options in 1TB or 2TB. There’s also a Windows Hello face sign-in camera and 5 MP front camera with 1080p HD video, dual microphones, Stereo 2.1 speakers with Dolby Audio Premium and a 3.5 mm headphone jack as well. Read more: Microsoft wants you to create the future and it just gave you the tools On the graphics side, the specifications look like this: i5 Intel 8GB: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory, i7 Intel 16GB: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory and i7 Intel 32GB: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4GB GDDR5 memory. Surface Studio PC will also have support for Surface Dial, which is a new input device designed for the creative process. The Surface Dial “integrates with Windows 10 to work with any Surface device for a faster and more intuitive way to scroll, zoom, and navigate,” says Microsoft. The new Surface Book runs Windows 10 Pro and comes with 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB SSD options. (Source: Reuters) Surface Book The new Surface Book comes with a sleeker design than the previous generation, and packs in more battery life and processing power. Surface Book also has support for the Surface Dial, along with the Surface Pen as well. Surface Book starts at $2,399, going up all the way to $3,299 for the highest configuration. The dimensions are 12.30-inch x 9.14-inch x 0.51–0.90-inch and it weighs around 1.6kg which includes the keyboard. The Surface Book has a light magnesium chassis and the same “Dynamic Fulcrum Hinge” on the earlier version. A user can detach the display and flip it 180-degree and use the keyboard on the device as well. In terms of specifications, the new Surface Book runs Windows 10 Pro and comes with 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB SSD options. It has a 13.5-inch PixelSense Display with 3000 x 2000 (267 ppi) resolution and 10 point multi-touch. Microsoft is promising up to 16 hours of video playback on this device, and it will be powered by the 6th generation Intel Core i7 processor coupled with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 for graphics. It will have TPM chip for enterprise security and the RAM configuration will 8GB or 16GB RAM. The Surface Book will have two full-size USB 3.0 ports, a full-size SD card reader, Surface Connect port, Headset jack and a Mini Display port. Panos Panay, corporate vice president for Surface Computing at Microsoft Corp., displays the Surface Book during the company’s media event in New York. (Source: AP ) This one also comes with 5MP front camera, and 8MP rear camera with 1080p HD video support on both. It will also supports Windows Hello face sign-in. The Surface Book has stereo microphones and stereo speakers with Dolby audio Audio Premium. The Surface Pen is also included in the device, and it is up for pre-order starting today in the US. VR headsets We know Microsoft has big plans for VR, especially with its Hololens project. Microsoft has also announced HP, Dell, Lenovo, ASUS, and Acer will ship VR headsets capable of mixed reality with the Windows 10 Creators Update. Microsoft says these headsets won’t need “a separate room and complicated setup,” and will be truly wire-free. These headsets will start at $299 and will be compatible with more affordable PCs, laptops. Panos Panay, corporate vice president for Surface Computing at Microsoft Corp., displays the Surface Book during the company’s media event in New York (Source: AP ) 4K Gaming and in Game Broadcasting Creators update will let users “create and enjoy live game streams and customized eSports tournaments on Xbox Live,” says Microsoft. According to the company, gaming increased 500 per cent in the last year on Windows 10. The Creators Update will also bring user-generated tournaments via Arena on Xbox Live. Also users will be able to play games “Forza Horizon 3,” “Gears of War 4,” and more in 4K with a Windows 10 PC. Windows MyPeople MyPeople will be part of the Creators Update, where a user’s closest friends, co-workers and family will be instantly accessible. Users can pin favourite contacts to the Windows task bar and then just drag and drop a document to these contacts.  They can also “receive unique notifications, Shoulder Taps, and easily view and open emails, IMs, shared documents and more, all in one place.” It will be integrated across universal Windows apps. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament LIVE: Mayawati says demonetisation a sensitive issue, want PM Modi to address Rajya Sabha IndiaRahul Gandhi: PM Narendra Modi is running the government of few industrialists IndiaSushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, undergoes dialysis at AIIMS BusinessSBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal EntertainmentI am besharam, nudity means nothing to me: Ranveer Singh on Befikre EntertainmentDimple Kapadia called Twinkle Khanna 'junglee' and that's where Akshay Kumar came in EntertainmentPM Modi's 'kadak chai' is sweet tea for the honest: Nana Patekar on demonetisation EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan Must Read SportsDemonetisation greatest move in Indian politics: Kohli SportsThere will be few surprises in the playing XI: Virat Kohli SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's the big difference? TechnologyOnePlus 3T goes official: Price, specifications and features TechnologyWhatsApp video calling on Android, iOS: Here is how it works  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Demonetisation: Arvind Kejriwal to hold meeting with farmers, traders US airfares to fall in 2017 amid overcapacity, competition: American Express report Demonetisation is greatest move in history of Indian politics: Virat Kohli Demonetisation: 33 deaths since government scrapped Rs 500, Rs 1000 notes                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 15:12 (GMT+8) Taipei 27°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Foxlink HTC wireless PC PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China Displays | 1min ago Taiwan IC production value to fall 4.8% in 4Q16, says IEK Bits + chips | 34min ago India market: Smartphone shipments grow 17.5% in 3Q16, says IDC Mobile + telecom | 52min ago Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Bits + chips | 1h 6min ago Wha Yu Industrial lands orders for antennas used in base stations from Japan-based mobile telecom carrier Before Going to Press | Nov 15, 21:17 Synnex Technology nets NT$2.13 for January-September Before Going to Press | Nov 15, 21:15 Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news Digitimes Research: Cellular M2M IoT to be fast developing in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Demand for AMOLED panels from China smartphone vendors rising HTC announces wireless upgrade kit for HTC Vive TSMC orders NT$2.4 billion worth of facility equipment for Nanjing site SMIC, IMECAS cooperate on MEMS R&D and foundry Equipment maker Foxsemicon posts record 3Q16 profits PC supply chain seeing replacement trend in DIY market in 2H16 Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 Fujifilm to open new plant for advanced IC materials in Taiwan Giga Solar Materials nets NT$9.19 per share for 3Q16 Neo Solar Power suffers 3Q16 operating loss of NT$1.786 billion GIS 3Q16 operations turn profitable Acer strengthens ties with Tobii to develop VR devices with eye-tracking technology Digitimes Research: October 7W, 9W LED light bulb prices in China market rise Router maker DrayTek reports earnings for 3Q16 Clevo ships nearly 160,000 notebooks in October Taiwan Chinsan reports strong earnings for 3Q16 Foxlink sees earnings rebound in 3Q16 Certification service provider IST acquires new factory for NT$356 million Smartphone shipments to grow at single-digit rates through 2020, says IC Insights Packaging material supplier Chang Wah 3Q16 profits rise 68% Market summary 16-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8931.03 -9.37 -0.1%  TSE electronic 358.33 -0.76 -0.21%  GTSM (OTC) 119.6 +0.08 +0.07%  OTC electronic 156.93 -0.44 -0.28%  View more Around the web Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Exclusive: Siemens nears deal to buy Mentor Graphics - sources (Nov 13) - Reuters Intel's build-from-scratch Aero Ready to Fly Drone Kit will take off next month (Nov 9) - PC World Intel's virtual reality plan: Focus on sports and live events (Nov 9) - Motley Fool AMD targets gaming, VR content creators with new Radeon graphics cards (Nov  - eWeek Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures (Oct 27) - Android Community Filing suggests Apple investing big in OLED supply, increasing capital expenditure (Nov 8) - Apple Insider Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan handsets – 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 Global tablet market – 2Q 2016 China smartphone market and industry – 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Growing use of facial recognition increases demand for IR LED devices Digitimes Research: Japan CE market sees decreased DSLR sales, focus on VR, takeoff of drone demand in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Worldwide notebook shipments grow sequentially in 3Q16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin 'd!conomy – no limits': Keynote theme at CeBIT 2017 reveals the enormous potential afforded by digitalization Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand NVIDIA drives AI revolution, an ultimate challenge to GPU computing Orbotech presents new, innovative digital production solutions at TPCA 2016 Microsoft IoT Expo 2016 builds partnership and seeks service-oriented and touched applications More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Mini ITX OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 14. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Windforce OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 G1 Gaming graphics card Photo: Company, Jul 1. AMD to release first Polaris graphics card soonPhoto: Michael Lee, Digitimes, Jun 3. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards Gigabyte launches graphics card with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU AMD announces new workstation graphics card with 32GB memory More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Virtual reality on the rise Virtual reality has become the latest topic of the PC industry with players such as Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony, all aggressively pushing into. Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD China Taiwan EPS Mobile devices revenues notebook 2016 3Q16 Acer Asustek Mobile components demand 2017 shipments 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
null
Eyes Above The Waves Robert O'Callahan. Christian. Repatriate Kiwi. Hacker. Thursday, 27 October 2016 Implications Of ASLR Side-Channel Attacks This paper is a pretty interesting attack on kernel ASLR, based on observing timing differences in (invalid) accesses to kernel memory from user-space with Intel's TSX hardware transactional memory primitives. There is other recent work on kernel ASLR information leaks based on cache timing and BTB timing. I was a bit underwhelmed by the BTB attacks but this TSX-based attack is much stronger. My guess is that there are a lot more timing-channel and other side-channel attacks to be discovered under this thread model. While I was at Berkeley, I was quite stunned to hear that Intel's SGX enclave extension was designed for a threat model that explicitly excludes side-channel attacks! This all reminds me of the wave of CFI bypass attacks. CFI and ASLR are supposed to reduce exploitability of bugs providing attack primitives like buffer overflows, but in the long run, they may not be much good. This increases the importance of denying attackers access to these primitives in the first place. Programming languages that reduce the TCB are an important part of that. Glad to be writing most of our new code in Rust! Tangentially, I wonder whether the publication of the TSX-timing-channel paper was a good thing overall (other than for the careers of the researchers), given the paper's conclusion that there are no practical countermeasures without hardware changes or significant performance degradation ... not even a microcode update to disable TSX is available. Ostensibly the value of attack papers, like white-hat security analysis, is to stimulate the creation and deployment of defensive countermeasures, but in this case there really aren't any. Would we all be better off, in practice, if the issue had been reported to hardware vendors and silently fixed, with microcode updates available for older hardware, before publication? Like Andrew Myers, I feel that the incentives to favour attack research over defense mean we're spending a lot of public money to mostly make the security situation worse. Posted by Robert at 16:28 Email ThisBlogThis!Share to TwitterShare to FacebookShare to Pinterest No comments: Post a Comment Newer Post Older Post Home Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Blog Archive ▼  2016 (75) ►  November (4) ▼  October (10) Auckland Half Marathon #4 Implications Of ASLR Side-Channel Attacks Valuing America Dell, Your Website Security Is Broken Pivoting To Cyber-Forestry Ironic World Standards Day Tawharanui Revisited rr Paper: "Lightweight User-Space Record And Repla... Bay Area Talks About rr And Beyond, October 2-7 rr 4.4.0 Released ►  September (3) ►  August (7) ►  July (4) ►  June (16) ►  May (8) ►  April (5) ►  March (6) ►  February (9) ►  January (3) ►  2015 (44) ►  December (3) ►  November (7) ►  October (5) ►  September (2) ►  August (2) ►  July (3) ►  June (6) ►  May (4) ►  April (3) ►  March (7) ►  February (1) ►  January (1) ►  2014 (50) ►  December (5) ►  November (6) ►  October (4) ►  September (3) ►  August (3) ►  July (2) ►  May (3) ►  April (4) ►  March (11) ►  February (5) ►  January (4) ►  2013 (58) ►  December (8) ►  November (2) ►  October (4) ►  September (5) ►  August (6) ►  July (5) ►  June (3) ►  May (5) ►  April (7) ►  March (7) ►  February (4) ►  January (2) ►  2012 (45) ►  December (1) ►  November (2) ►  October (3) ►  September (2) ►  August (3) ►  July (4) ►  June (8) ►  May (5) ►  April (3) ►  March (4) ►  February (5) ►  January (5) ►  2011 (63) ►  December (5) ►  November (11) ►  October (4) ►  September (6) ►  August (9) ►  July (1) ►  June (6) ►  May (2) ►  April (4) ►  March (3) ►  February (3) ►  January (9) ►  2010 (83) ►  December (2) ►  November (7) ►  October (6) ►  September (4) ►  August (14) ►  July (6) ►  June (5) ►  May (8) ►  April (10) ►  March (4) ►  February (3) ►  January (14) ►  2009 (55) ►  December (2) ►  November (3) ►  October (2) ►  September (6) ►  August (5) ►  July (6) ►  June (5) ►  May (3) ►  April (5) ►  March (1) ►  February (10) ►  January (7) ►  2008 (87) ►  December (10) ►  November (3) ►  October (8) ►  September (12) ►  August (6) ►  July (7) ►  June (7) ►  May (7) ►  April (8) ►  March (3) ►  February (5) ►  January (11) ►  2007 (113) ►  December (11) ►  November (7) ►  October (15) ►  September (11) ►  August (6) ►  July (15) ►  June (9) ►  May (11) ►  April (7) ►  March (4) ►  February (11) ►  January (6) ►  2006 (64) ►  December (11) ►  November (4) ►  October (9) ►  September (5) ►  August (4) ►  July (6) ►  June (5) ►  May (3) ►  April (5) ►  March (1) ►  February (8) ►  January (3) ►  2005 (75) ►  December (6) ►  November (4) ►  October (1) ►  September (2) ►  August (3) ►  July (4) ►  June (7) ►  May (9) ►  April (7) ►  March (9) ►  February (15) ►  January (8) ►  2004 (4) ►  December (4)
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: MSI Z170A Mpower Gaming Titanium motherboard by  Ben Mansill  |  Thursday 27 October 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 55 "... it’s one very nice board to base a new system on." Price $420 AUD > Pricing info Specs LGA 1151 (Skylake) • DDR4-3400+ • 2 x M.2 • U.2, 6x SATA • Intel LAN • metal backplate, PCI and DIMM reinforcement Tweet Email this Print this Feedback Value and features in this season’s mobo-silver. Black and red is so 2015. This season’s mothertboard colours are lighter, and perhaps, like this one, metallic. There’s no doubt that MSI’s new Z170A Mpower Gaming Titanium looks the bomb. Every part of it is coated with a silvery white metallic substance, and that look is enhanced with metal reinforcement of the PCI and DIMM slots, and a full-sized slab of metal that covers the back of the motherboard. The Z170A Mpower Gaming Titanium sits just below MSI’s similarly-styled and specced Z170A Xpower board, with the main feature difference being a loss of the Xpower’s included SATA-Express ports, but seeing as that standard is effectively a dead duck there’s no real loss, and for the saving of around $50 we consider it a double win. I chose this board to build a new PC to use as my daily work machine and occasional reviews testbed. Part of the appeal is its 11-phase CPU VRM, as I’m using a K-series CPU and every bit of OC capability is welcome. This board’s strong point is connectivity. For SSDs, you get a pair of M.2 interfaces as well as another U.2 port, plus six standard SATA ports. That’s all the future-proofing I need for adding in next-gen SSDs over time, and testing them for PC&TA. Seven USB 3.0 ports and a pair of USB 3.1 ports (one Type-A and one Type-C) are included too, so it’s especially generous for high speed connectivity. At around $420 it sits against the Asus ROG line and the higher end of Gigabyte’s Gaming range. Most importantly, it’s cheaper than the aforementioned MSI Xpower, yet has all the important features of that high-end product but with the same appealing aesthetics. For a new Skylake build that looks a bit different and doesn’t compromise of ports and storage connectivity it’s one very nice board to base a new system on. Related Reviews MSI X99A Xpower Gaming Titanium Review: MSI GTX 1070 Gaming X 8GB Gigabyte GA-X99-Designare EX ASRock Fatal1ty X99 Professional Gaming i7 Asus ROG Rampage V Edition 10 Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  motherboard  |  msi  |  msi z170a mpower gaming titanium  |  review   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Review: Seagate Barracuda Pro blows us away     Gallery: Upgrade Australia 4.0!     UPGRADE AUSTRALIA 4.0 IS COMING TO SYDNEY!     Project Alpha Omega     Gallery: Corsair Lapdog unboxed   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Fractal Design Define C is a great mix of silence and features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) GALLERY Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) NEWS The beautiful PC mods of PAX Australia 2016! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Picasso Labs knows Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's best sides << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Upgrade Australia: The Power Arena performance PC winner! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Parrot Disco review: Hands on with the coolest drone of 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS When it comes to horror in VR, how scary is too scary? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now Review Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time Feature The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Brisbane networking reseller liquidated as customers terminate orders without warning Which Aussies did we spot at Cisco Partner Summit in San Francisco? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients That's it for IPv4, go all IPv6: Internet Architecture Board How NAB is rebuilding online banking, piece by piece Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI EA Shooter Showdown: Titanfall 2 vs Battlefield 1 About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation to Begin Production of 3D XPoint Memory in 2017 Intel's interesting new memory technology will finally come to market next year. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 26, 2016 at 8:06PM In 2015, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) talked up a new type of memory technology that it had developed jointly with memory specialist Micron, known as 3D XPoint. In a nutshell, 3D XPoint is pitched as a memory technology that's supposed to sit in between traditional DRAM and NAND flash in terms of speed, endurance, and cost. A wafer of 3D XPoint chips. Image source: Micron.  Although it's not quite clear how large the market opportunity for this technology is, investors are likely to begin to find out next year as the company begins production shipments of the technology. 3D XPoint to ramp in 2017 According to Intel CEO Brian Krzanich on the company's most recent earnings call, the company plans to "ship thousands of [3D XPoint] samples to customers" as the current quarter progresses. He also said Intel is aiming to qualify 3D XPoint for production "at the end of the quarter." Once the technology is qualified for production, the company aims to ramp up production of 3D XPoint throughout 2017, which is when investors should expect to see revenue from the product flowing into the company's top and bottom lines. 3D XPoint SSDs first, memory modules later During the call, Krzanich made clear that Intel's upcoming Purley server platform won't feature support for 3D XPoint memory modules (in other words, substitutes for traditional DRAM) at the outset -- that support is now expected to come with the company's second-generation processor family on the Purley platform. The earliest that investors should expect such memory modules is sometime in 2018. It's important to understand, however, that this doesn't mean Intel won't be selling 3D XPoint into the server market throughout 2017. It simply means that the first server-bound 3D XPoint products will be storage drives just like today's NAND-flash-based solid-state drives, just way faster. If 3D XPoint delivers what Intel claims it delivers, then there could be a significant revenue opportunity just from storage drives based on the technology. However, what Intel seems to be more excited about is the prospect of selling memory modules based on this technology to stand in for traditional DRAM. Memory module opportunity likely more interesting to Intel I suspect that sales of 3D XPoint-based storage drives will, to some degree, eat into sales of traditional solid-state drives. Intel sells such drives, so to the extent that a 3D XPoint storage device is sold in place of a traditional solid-state drive, Intel may not always come out ahead. Memory modules are a whole different ballgame, however. Every 3D XPoint memory module that Intel sells would presumably be in place of a traditional DRAM-based memory module. Today, Intel doesn't manufacture or sell DRAM products, so to the extent that 3D XPoint can be substituted in for DRAM, Intel stands to enjoy revenue upside. Image source: Intel, via KitGuru.  It goes beyond near-term revenue, though. Intel currently commands nearly the entirety of the server processor market, and it would obviously like to keep as much of that share as possible, even as many chip competitors try to rip away market share. Should these 3D XPoint memory modules prove to offer a real and compelling value proposition to data-center operators, and should those memory modules work only with Intel's processors, they could be instrumental to helping Intel maintain extremely high server processor market share. Considering how much Intel has riding on its ability to maintain a strong position in the server market, it's little surprise that the company would be interested in developing compelling complementary platform technologies that only work with its platforms. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 26, 2016 at 8:06PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback / Shipping Destination: United States United States Australia United Kingdom India Ireland Netherlands New Zealand Poland Singapore United States $ USD $ USD Update Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Help Center All Products DEALS & SERVICES Black Friday Preview Deals start at 11/21 1PM PT unless otherwise specified. Email Deals Our latest email deals. Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event 32 Black Friday Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store Intel Extreme CPU Linksys WRT3200ACM ZTE Axon 7 Talon AD7200 More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 1266 25 20 507 947 18 178 291 99 71 726 316 Editor Tested Avegant Glyph, A Personal Theater Testing the DJI Phantom 4 Drone Up Your Game with QLIPP Trending Events November's Black Tag Specials Home Safety & Security Systems Radio Controlled Tech Deals Save on Select Dyson Products For Sellers Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Simplify SBN with Freightos iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Computer Systems >  Desktop Computers >  Desktop Computers >  Lenovo >  Item#: N82E16883266868 Back To Combo Open Box: Images shown are from the NEW version of this item and are for reference only. The actual Open Box product may differ in packaging and included accessories, but has been tested to ensure basic functionality. Skip Image Gallery Lenovo Desktop PC M91P Intel Core i3 3.1 GHz 4 GB 250 GB HDD Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit REFURBISHED This means the product was tested and repaired as required to meet the standards of the refurbisher, which may or may not be the original manufacturer. Any exceptions to the condition of the item outside the manufacturer’s information should be provided in the listing, up to and including warranty details. Share Ships from United States. Sold and Shipped by Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Intel Core i3 3.1 GHz 4 GB 250 GB HDD Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit LOADING... Lenovo Desktop PC M91P Intel Core i3 3.1 GHz 4 GB 250 GB HDD Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit Ships from United States. Back To Top Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A Overview Specifications Warranty & Returns Reviews Q&A The Lenovo M91P Business Desktop Computer (part # NE3-0036) is a very affordable office workhorse you can count on. As a Lenovo ThinkCenter M Series Business Desktop Computer, it is big in value but small in size. Loaded with powerful Intel core i3 processor, high-bandwidth memory and Microsoft Windows 7 Professional 64-bit OS, it provides enterprise-level performance. It comes with a host of PC-management tools and features that help boost uptime and increase worker's productivity in any organization. With advanced security tools, your critical business information will be well protected. The Lenovo M91P Business Desktop Computer (part # NE3-0036) is easy to service, easy to deploy, and a vital business tool for your office workers. Plus, it is budget friendly. Tackle Demanding Workloads with Ease With Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit Operating System, Intel Core i5 processor (3.1 GHz) and 4GB of RAM, the Lenovo M91P Business Desktop Computer (part # NE3-0036) ensures responsive performance at breakneck speeds - making quick work of even the intensive applications. Small Form Factor The small form factor is designed to fit into tight spaces, and supports both horizontal and vertical orientations. Easy PC Management Take advantage of a host of PC-management tools and features that help IT personnel save time and cut costs, while increasing user productivity. Intel Active Management Technology (AMT) is hardware and firmware technology that builds certain functionality into computers in order to make them easier and less expensive for businesses to monitor, maintain, update, upgrade, and repair. Use the Lenovo Solution Center, which provides access to a simplified dashboard that reflects total system health. This hardware diagnostic tool allows quick and convenient access to frequently-used system management tools, including backup and restore, antivirus and firewall settings, system/software updates, internet connections, and service and support. Protect Your Most Valuable Asset: Your Data M Series desktops include some of the best security tools available in the industry. Tools that let you centrally manage hardware passwords, alert users if their chassis have been opened without authorization, disable USB ports, help locate lost or stolen PCs, and much more. Learn more about the Lenovo M91P Model| Brand Lenovo Model M91P Part Number NE3-0036 Quick Info| Type Business Desktops & Workstations Form Factor Small Desktop Usage Business Processor Intel Core i3 3.1 GHz Memory 4 GB Storage 250 GB Optical Drive DVDRW Operating System Windows 7 Professional 64-Bit CPU| CPU Type Intel Core i3 CPU Speed 3.1 GHz Memory| Memory Capacity 4 GB Hard Drive| HDD 250 GB Optical Drive| Optical Drive Type DVDRW Dimensions & Weight| Dimensions (H x W x D) 13.30" x 3.90" x 14.50" Weight 16.50 lbs. Warranty, Returns, And Additional Information Warranty Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Limited Warranty period (labor): 1 year Joy System Support Phone: 732-907-1593 Support Email: service@joysystems.com Read full details Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.lenovo.com/us/en/| Support Website| View other products from Lenovo Return Policies We want to ensure your holiday shopping this year is hassle-free. That’s why we’re automatically extending our return policies on almost every product! For purchases placed between November 1, 2016 and December 24, 2016 you will have until January 31, 2017 to return your product. There's nothing additional that you have to do! Return for refund until: January 31, 2017 Return for replacement until: January 31, 2017 This item is covered by Newegg.com's Extended Holiday Return Policy. Loading... Through the Newegg EggXpert Review Program, Newegg invites its best reviewers, known as EggXperts, to post opinions about new and pre-release products to help their fellow customers make informed buying decisions.Click here for more details. Loading... Select options to continue. Sold and Shipped by: Newegg Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Marketplace Seller Add to Compare Add to Wish List Selected Items Reset compare Are you an E-Blast Insider?   Thank you for subscribing Your request will be processed within the next 24 hours. Please add "promo@e.newegg.com" to your address book to ensure delivery. See Today's E-Blast Promo Get Educated Make informed decisions with expert advice. Shop without retyping payment details. Secure shopping made faster. Check out with PayPal. Price Available at Checkout Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Help Center Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Newegg Notifications Newegg Subscriptions Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Shop by Brand Trade-In Site Map Become an Affiliate Marketplace Sellers Shipped by Newegg Mobile Apps Sell to Newegg Product Review Video Center Rebates Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2016 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
null
Club MacStoriesBecome a Member MENU ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE SECTIONS APP REVIEWS LINKED STORIES iOS 10 WWDC 2016 The In-Between Macs My New iPad Pro Keyboard: The Razer Mechanical Keyboard Case Why I’m Considering Bear as a Notes App Replacement This week's sponsor Secrets a beautifully simple password manager, now Free on the App Store Ars Technica on the T1 Chip in the New MacBook Pro→ Linked By Federico Viticci Andrew Cunningham, writing for Ars Technica, got Apple on the record about the T1 chip and what it does for security and the Touch Bar: At any rate, the T1 is an interesting chip that does much more than support Touch ID and Apple Pay. Apple tells us that it has a built-in image signal processor (ISP) related to the ones Apple uses in iPhone and iPad SoCs, something which Troughton-Smith suggests could protect the camera from malware hijacking. And its Secure Enclave handles the encryption and storage of fingerprint data and protects it from the rest of the operating system and its apps, much as it does in iOS. When you interact with the Touch Bar, Apple tells us that the majority of the processing is being done by the Intel CPU, although the T1 also appears to do some processing in specific situations for security’s sake, as when Apple Pay is used. But to keep the Touch Bar from counting toward the number of external monitors you can use (Intel’s GPUs support a total of three separate displays, AMD’s support six), the T1 is used to drive the Touch Bar’s screen. From what Apple told me, it sounds like the image you’re seeing is actually being drawn by the main system GPU but is being output to the display by T1, not unlike the way other hybrid graphics implementations work. Between A-series chips, the W1, and the T1, Apple's most fascinating work is happening in the custom silicon space. The whole T1-Touch Bar deal is extremely intriguing. Source: arstechnica.com Tags: macbook pro ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ADVERTISE Code by Alessandro Vendruscolo | Design by Silvia Gatta | Hosted by Macminicolo | Acknowledgements Copyright 2016 MacStories. All rights reserved. v4.3.3
null
Skip Your browser does not support HTML5 video. Menu Technology Leadership Magazine Most Innovative Companies Most Creative People Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Progress Is Possible See how these entrepreneurs reinvented themselves to achieve progress. Created for and commissioned by Principal Financial Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. It’s Good Not To Be Home A collaboration to elevate and enhance the Hyatt Regency hotel experience. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Fast Forward Created for and commissioned by Workday. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. long read Mind and Machine IBM Goes West: A 73-Year-Long Saga, From Punch Cards To Watson It's always made sense for IBM to have a presence in the San Francisco Bay Area—and now it's opening a major Watson center right downtown. IBM employees on an assembly line for the Ramac, the first computer with a hard drive, on August 29, 1959, in San Jose, California. [Photo: Getty Images/Bettmann/Contributor] Harry McCracken 10.28.16 4:00 PM Next week, IBM is formally opening Watson West—a San Francisco outpost for its Watson "cognitive technology" platform, which the company is training to help everyone from doctors to merchants make smarter decisions. Occupying three floors of a gleaming office building in San Francisco’s startup-heavy South of Market neighborhood, the office includes both space for employees involved in the Watson effort and a slick demo center where IBM can whip up enthusiasm among third-party developers, prospective customers, and other outsiders. Watson West is, in part, a statement about IBM’s desire to embed itself in the San Francisco Bay Area tech community. But it’s also less of a striking departure than the latest chapter in a long story. IBM may be the archetypal big East Coast tech company, but it's understood the benefits of being at home in the Bay Area for decades, dating back to the era when it was a manufacturer of automation equipment, and the computer was still in the process of being invented. Watson West IBM long ago shifted its emphasis from big iron to software and services. With Watson, it's a key player in the race to use machine-learning technology to train computers to understand big data in an array of fields—an industry trend that, in one way or another, has also swept up everybody from Google to Facebook to Microsoft to Apple. "IBM has a lead on this, having started a couple of decades ago," says Watson General Manager David Kenny, who is still a newcomer to IBM, having joined the company when it closed its acquisition of his former employer, the Weather Company, in January. Computer scientists at the IBM Research-Almaden lab in San Jose were part of the AI research that made Watson possible in the first place and are helping to chart its future. Now, with Watson West, the company has a presence "at the top of the [San Francisco] peninsula as well as the bottom," Kenny says. That's particularly important as Watson becomes the foundation for capabilities that can be commercially deployed in specific business sectors—a process that frequently involves startups who build on top of IBM's work. "Many of those companies are on the West Coast and funded by VCs on the West Coast," says Kenny. David Kenny Helping such companies work with IBM with as little friction as possible is key to Watson fulfilling its potential. "People can always travel, and people will travel for the most important relationships," says Slack cofounder Stewart Butterfield, whose startup announced this week that it was partnering with IBM to let third-party developers build Slack chatbots powered by Watson intelligence. What you lose with distance is the ability to participate in forms of collaboration and community such as hackathons without giving it a second thought. "You can fly out over and over again for that kind of stuff, or you can be in the Bay Area and catch the action," Butterfield says. (In the case of the IBM-Slack collaboration, Slack happens to have search and intelligence staffers based in New York, which let them commute by foot to Watson headquarters in the city's Astor Place neighborhood, eight blocks away. But some meetings—including ones involving Butterfield—took place in San Francisco.) In The Beginning When IBM first put down roots in Silicon Valley in 1943, the area was known for its bounteous orchards, not technology. The company bought a 34,000-square-foot factory in San Jose and began manufacturing punch cards for its tabulating machines. (The computer industry didn’t exist yet, though IBM was at work on research that helped create it.) "Our decision to establish a plant on the Pacific coast is based not only on the large amount of business that we now have in the territory, but on our belief that after the war, the Pacific coast will be a far greater industrial district than ever before," explained legendary CEO Thomas J. Watson Sr. It would take decades before it was clear just how prescient he was. In 1952, the company added to its San Jose presence with a lab based in the city’s downtown area. Four years later, one of the industry’s landmark achievements happened there when a small team of researchers invented the hard drive, which the company used as part of an accounting computer called the 305 RAMAC. The 305 RAMAC, a 1950s room-sized IBM computer, was designed and built in San Jose.[Photo: Wikipedia] At about the same time, as part of a push to raise its profile on the West Coast, the company broke ground on an ambitious, innovative 190-acre research/manufacturing operation located on land formerly devoted to walnut groves. In 2014, I wrote about this prototypical Silicon Valley corporate campus, including the strange story of Soviet premier Nikita Khrushchev's visit in 1959. (He was more impressed by the cafeteria than the computers.) In 1986, IBM Research’s San Jose arm moved into its current home, IBM Research–Almaden. Judged purely on the surrounding natural splendor—rolling hills, parks, and preserves—it may have the most beautiful setting I’ve ever seen for a tech-company office. But the location, at the southern end of San Jose, is not exactly convenient to the rest of Silicon Valley. You need to do a fair amount of driving to get to Intel (20 miles to the north), Apple (21 miles), Google (26 miles), and Facebook (33 miles). That locale—proximity to the Valley's ecosystem, but not too much proximity—is intentional, even though many of its biggest players didn’t exist back in 1986 when the Almaden office opened. "When the labs were first started, the idea was to place them near strong academic centers and strong centers of business and commerce, but not right in the middle of them, necessarily," says Jeff Welser, the IBM VP who heads the Almaden operation. The original research center in Yorktown Heights, for instance, is about 40 minutes north of New York City. IBM Research-Almaden in all its atmospheric splendor. "We wanted to be close enough in that we can interact and take advantage of everything there, but separated enough that we can actually also do our work in our own area," says Welser. "Think deep thoughts, as our founder would say. In fact, actually at lunchtime, you'll see people literally walking a loop around this lab because you get a beautiful view of the valley." Jeff Welser The Almaden building does feel like a refuge where gifted scientists can squirrel up in their offices and put their brainpower to work without distraction, though it's hardly antisocial. (An open area called THINKlab is specifically designed to facilitate collaboration between IBM clients and researchers with various areas of expertise.) IBM Research's rich legacy testifies to the approach's success. "Historically speaking, large corporate research organizations have had varying kinds of success," says Guru Banavar, VP of cognitive computing. "I would say IBM corporate research has been the most successful in terms of scale and impact." As the official IBM Research-Almaden timeline indicates, the facility’s three decades of history are a chronology of what was important to the company at any given point in time. Data—how to store it, retrieve it, and make it useful—has been an ongoing theme. In 1970, the relational database was invented there. In 1988, its researchers created a standard for speedier data recording on a disk. In 1998, as mobile devices gained in importance, the lab developed the Microdrive, a tiny hard disk. And in 2002, it proposed a database designed with protecting the privacy of personal data in mind. Today, "If I had to sum up in a nutshell what this lab does," says Welser, "it's all about using data to expand what the human mind can do. That really is in essence what cognitive computing is about." Despite IBM Research-Almaden's scholarly air, people are drawn here in part by the opportunity to create things that will be turned into businesses. "If you are someone who really wants to do academic research, you want to be a professor, you want to teach the next generation of students, a university is the right place to go." Welser says. "But if you want to be able to do deep research and have that get translated rapidly into something in a very broad portfolio of potential application areas, that's the kind of person that really likes IBM Research." Watson is best used to help human beings make more effective decisions more quickly. Some of the most wildly ambitious of those efforts—ones of the sort that Google would call moonshots—are instigated by IBM's Grand Challenges program. Watson itself originated as a Grand Challenge, back when the notion of training a computer to play Jeopardy better than a human champion sounded—at least to those of us who aren't among the world's savviest computer scientists—to be downright fanciful. That challenge was met. And now IBM researchers are leveraging Watson to tackle feats that could be far more meaningful than providing questions for Alex Trebek's answers. Welser defines a Grand Challenge as "something that, at this point, we don’t know if we can do or not, but if we could do it, it would make a huge difference to us, to our clients, to the world." One such project, dubbed "the Medical Sieve," aims to use cognitive-computing technology to analyze radiology images for signs of abnormalities such as aortic aneurysms. The Medical Sieve exemplifies IBM's philosophy that Watson is best used to help human beings make more effective decisions more quickly, rather than to eliminate humans from the decision-making process altogether. "A radiologist in a typical emergency room situation may look at as many as 100,000 images a day," says Tanveer Syed-Mahmood, the IBM fellow who heads up the effort. "With that volume of imaging, they do have an overload in terms of high fatigue." The Medical Sieve's goal is to create an automated assistant that's as skilled at analyzing images as an entry-level radiologist, thereby freeing up time for medical professionals such as cardiologists to focus on work that requires their advanced expertise. Tanveer Syeda-Mahmood Of course, a task that would be entry-level work for a person is a remarkable accomplishment for a computer. "It has to apply clinical knowledge," says Syed-Mahmood. "It has to understand the appearance of organs in images and recognize them from different viewpoints. It has to reason with the information, know what the guidelines are, in order to cull this data, simplify it, and present it to the clinician." A range of IBM experts in AI, image processing, and medical topics are collaborating on the effort, along with external partners such as doctors; in 2015, the company also acquired Chicago-based imaging company Merge Healthcare to aid in the effort. IBM Research's Medical Sieve aims to turn computers into medical-imaging experts. Elsewhere in IBM Research-Almaden, other scientists are working on "brain-inspired computing," a project—funded in part by the U.S. Department of Defense's DARPA—to create processors that think like humans. In the future, data centers utilizing vast quantities of such processors could be optimized for AI applications such as Watson's cognitive computing in ways that current computers are not. Dharmendra Modha, the IBM fellow spearheading this research, is an IBM veteran who left for a spell to form his own startup, but he was lured back by IBM Research-Almaden's ambition, approach, and resources. "I live just down the hill here," he says. "Every day, I come up and it's just such a fresh experience that I'm grateful." Watson In San Francisco The fact that IBM Research-Almaden is situated on the southern periphery of Silicon Valley means that it’s really quite far from San Francisco, which is well over an hour's drive away. But San Francisco, more than Silicon Valley, is the current epicenter of startup culture, which made it the logical place to build Watson West. (IBM already has another San Francisco office located right around the corner from Watson West: IBM Bluemix Garage, which helps developers and customers work with its cloud platform.) If IBM Research labs are traditionally built a little out of the way to encourage contemplation, Watson West more or less flips that approach on its head: It's an interface with the outside world that's right in the middle of everything, with sweeping windows that never let you forget you’re deep in the heart of San Francisco. The headquarters of kids’ clothing retailer Gymboree are across the street—so close that its employees play tic-tac-toe with IBMers using a game board affixed to a window. A peek at the Watson Experience at Watson West before its grand opening. Much of the space at Watson West is devoted to rows of cubicles for developers, designers, and researchers, looking pretty much like the environs of any tech company. But there's also the Watson Experience Center, an area that IBM will use to show outsiders what cognitive computing is capable of doing for their businesses. Like its predecessor at Watson's New York headquarters, San Francisco's Watson Experience Center has a high razzle-dazzle component; I find it reminiscent of a futuristic pavilion at Disney World's Epcot. A giant projection wall controlled by a touch screen lets visitors explore demos such as one involving a browsable guide to TED Talks that Watson created by crunching hours of raw footage and identifying topics and people. Nearby is a 360-degree multimedia theater where IBM can show off lavish, interactive mini-movies about specific Watson scenarios, including applications in medicine and commerce. I can't imagine anyone spending time there and leaving without feeling inspired by Watson's potential. IBM's decentralized approach to innovation involves 12 labs on six continents. Bay Area startups and other locals who want to learn about cognitive computing are the most obvious constituency for Watson West, but IBM expects to draw guests from near and far. "A lot of people from around the world who do tours of Silicon Valley ask for a place to go as they figure out how to put all this together," says Kenny. But that brings up an important point: Just as IBM has been in the Bay Area for more than 70 years to accomplish tasks it can't handle solely from the East Coast, it has aspirations that it knows can't be fulfilled entirely by people based on the West Coast of the United States, no matter how skilled they are. That explains why IBM's approach to innovation is so decentralized, with 12 labs on six continents. "If you think about the kinds of challenges that developing countries in Africa or developing countries like Brazil might face, having researchers there immersed in it helps us come up with what they might need there," says Welser. "Rather than me guessing, from this beautiful place I live in California, what they might need in Africa. That's really the idea of having a whole global spread." In other words, the company that's still formally known as "International Business Machines" remains deeply serious about the "International" part of its name—and Silicon Valley, important though it is, is only one pushpin on its map. Never miss a story. Sign up for the Fast Company newsletter and get the best stories delivered to your inbox daily. Send I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2016 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2016 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Campaign Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Hillary Clinton Sunday shows SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Reports: Trump team brings on adviser known for anti-Islam rhetoric News — 3h 20m ago Trump pushes back: Transition process 'is very organized' News/Campaigns — 3h 46m ago Trump team mulling Cruz for AG: report Campaign — 3h 56m ago Sotomayor: 'We can’t afford for a president to fail’ Administration — 4h 50m ago Trump ditches press pool to go out to dinner News — 4h 54m ago Pro-Sanders group: Schumer 'poor choice' to lead Senate Dems Senate — 5h 35m ago Chaffetz: Clinton probe ‘wasn’t political targeting’ House — 5h 37m ago Suddenly, it’s Pelosi who’s facing questions House — 5h 44m ago view all Defense chief to create chief innovation officer position By Rebecca Kheel - 10/28/16 12:54 PM EDT   © Getty Images Defense Secretary Ash Carter is creating a chief innovation officer position at the Pentagon as part of his efforts to get the department cutting edge technology more quickly, he announced Friday. The innovation officer will act as a senior adviser to the secretary of Defense and be a “spearhead for innovation activities,” Carter said during an address at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. “Many different organizations have recently embraced this position and also started to regularly run these kinds of innovation tournaments and competitions, including tech companies like IBM, Intel and Google,” Carter added. “And it’s time we did as well, to help incentivize our people to come up with innovative ideas and approaches.” The innovation position was recommended by the recently created Defense Innovation Advisory Board, which is chaired by the executive chairman of Google’s parent company Alphabet, Eric Schmidt, and includes heavy-hitters such as Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos and renowned astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson. Carter did not elaborate on who will fill the position or when it will be filled. The Pentagon will also move forward on two other recommendations made by the board, Carter announced. First, the Pentagon will launch targeted recruiting initiatives to increase recruitment of computer scientists and software engineers. “We’ll do this through targeted recruiting initiatives ranging from our Reserve Officer Training Corps to our civilian Scholarship For Service program,” he said. “It’s intended to help build the next generation of DoD science and technology leaders, all with the goal of making computer science a core competency of the department.” Second, the Pentagon will invest more in machine learning through challenges and competitions run out of a “virtual center of excellence,” he said. Carter has made innovation and technology a signature part of his tenure. In addition to setting up the Defense Innovation Board, Carter opened three offices of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental to reach out directly and award contracts to companies in technology hubs such as Silicon Valley. “Going forward, I’m confident the logic behind everything I’m talking about today will be self-evident to future defense leadership, as will the value of these efforts, but they also need to have the momentum and institutional foundation to keep going under their own steam and to continue to thrive,” he said. “We must ensure that they can keep leading the way and keep disrupting, challenging and inspiring the rest all of us to change for the better.”   Please enable JavaScript to view the featured perspectives by Versa. View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump’s Cabinet: How it is shaping... Donald Trump appears set to keep his friends close. Very close. 288 Shares 2 Democrats have one final shot to... OPINION | Foster Campbell can win the runoff in Louisiana. 252 Shares 3 Carson not interested in serving... "The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple... 237 Shares 4 Breitbart News planning lawsuit... Breitbart said it's suing over the "defamatory" claim that it is a white... 194 Shares 5 Dem introducing bill to abolish... Sen. Barbara Boxer called it an "outdated, undemocratic system." 131 Shares 6 GOP rushes to embrace Trump Republican lawmakers spent the past year keeping Donald Trump at arm’s... 125 Shares 7 KKK, American Nazi Party praise... President-elect Donald Trump is drawing praise from the Ku Klux Klan, neo-... 117 Shares 8 What Stephen Bannon wants to do in... Former Breitbart News executive Stephen Bannon is poised to play a... 111 Shares 9 Schumer under pressure to add... Pressure is growing on Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) to back Sen. Bernie... 109 Shares 10 Trump team mulling Cruz for AG:... Cruz reportedly discussed a possible administration role at Trump Tower in... 72 Shares 11 Glenn Beck: Bannon has ‘clear tie... "He is a terrifying man," the conservative radio host said. 72 Shares 12 Two presidential electors to... The pair's push requires 37 GOP electors to abandon Trump. 69 Shares 13 Suddenly, it’s Pelosi who’s facing... House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi on Tuesday pushed her party’s... 67 Shares 14 DNC charter requires chairman be... The Democratic National Committee’s charter states that the chairman must... 66 Shares 15 Cook: Clinton passes 1M in popular... Five nominees in U.S. history have now won the popular vote but lost the... 60 Shares 16 Conservatives forget history in... OPINION | Conservatives must have forgotten the demonstrations against... 59 Shares 17 Trump ditches press pool to go out... His spokeswoman said she "wasn't aware of this movement." 51 Shares 18 Reports: Trump team brings on... Trump is reportedly turning to Frank Gaffney for national security advice. 48 Shares 19 Obama's job approval hits four-... The president last registered 57 percent approval in December 2012 47 Shares 20 More than half of protesters... More than 100 people have been arrested protesting in Portland, Ore.,... 45 Shares 21 Supreme Court now in Trump’s hands President-elect Donald Trump has a chance to radically shift the Supreme... 44 Shares 22 Trump election could freeze Mexico... Trump railed against trade with Mexico in his campaign. 41 Shares 23 Trump plans to spend more time... President-elect Donald Trump will spend more time with President Obama... 41 Shares 24 Tech CEO resigns after death... The CEO said on Facebook that he was "going to kill the president. Elect." 38 Shares 25 Ivanka Trump’s company: Sorry for... The company emailed journalists with a "style alert" promoting the $10,000... 38 Shares 26 W.Va. mayor resigns over Michelle... The Facebook post referred to the first lady as an "ape in heels." 37 Shares 27 Insurers brace for ObamaCare... President-elect Donald Trump says he wants to repeal ObamaCare but keep... 36 Shares 28 Michael Moore: Trump won't finish... Documentary filmmaker Michael Moore, who correctly forecast the election... 34 Shares 29 Hillary Clinton’s missing votes Where did all of the Democratic voters go? 32 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2016 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy NEWS & ANALYSIS: Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal NEWS & ANALYSIS: Xilinx to Dive in Hyperscale Race NEWS & ANALYSIS: 7nm SRAMs, 10nm SoC at ISSCC NEWS & ANALYSIS: 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced SPONSORED: Spend $3.14 at Arrow.com, get a FREE Raspberry Pi 3! Slideshow 16 Views of ARM TechCon Softbank drives focus on Internet of Things Rick Merritt 10/28/2016 12:20 PM EDT 3 comments NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet SANTA CLARA, Calif. — The message from its annual conference here is ARM aims to think and be big in building and securing the emerging Internet of Things, thanks in part to backing from its new parent Softbank. Masayoshi Son, chief executive of the Japanese conglomerate, came to the event to explain why he paid a whopping 40% premium to buy the core designer. He spared no hyperbole, comparing the rise of IoT to the Cambrian explosion of thousands of species on the planet 500 million years ago. “This explosion of IoT is definitely coming, bringing the reinvention of many things — transportation, finance, health care — there will be a huge range of opportunities,” he said in a keynote. He predicted IoT revenues will exceed mobile revenues in 2018 and joked a new $100 billion vision fund he is raising, “is not enough, but it’s a good start.” “What people will see is us making bigger long term bets to accelerate our roadmap [because the Softbank deal] allows us to pursue our ambitions faster and with more scale than we could ever do before,” said ARM chief executive Simon Segars who admitted in an on-stage talk he was surprised when Softbank first made the offer. Just what big moves ARM will make or when is still not clear. “The deal closed September 5, so we couldn’t talk before that in any detail, but in the six weeks since then we’ve been talking about things like security and IoT,” said Segars in a press Q&A. Now “the discussions which are regular are about creating the biggest possible outcome,” using ARM’s resources or dipping into those of Softbank, “all bets are on,” he added. Although it has been acquiring companies at a rate of nearly one per quarter, most of ARM’s deal to date “have tended to be a bit small,” Segars noted. “Masa asks me to think in the biggest possible terms,” he added. Ironically, few in the rapidly consolidating semiconductor industry lack prodding to think big. During the event, two of ARM’s top partners — Qualcomm and NXP — agreed to a $39 billion merger, the largest in the sector to date. One big idea apparently on the back burner for ARM is joining the race to define a processor for machine learning. “It’s very early days to define what the right processor architecture will be for artificial intelligence…the algorithms are changing constantly, so it’s too early for the industry to be too specific about it,” Segars said in the press Q&A. In a keynote, Segars and others talked about the importance of machine learning in the context of ARM’s acquisition of Apical. The deal gave ARM image processing and a fixed-function computer vision block. The later block is not competitive with programmable computer vision blocks provided by rivals Ceva and Cadence, said analyst Linley Gwennap of the Linley Group. The emerging nature of machine learning hasn't stopped ARM’s archrival Intel from gobbling up FPGA-maker Altera as well as two processor startups in deep learning. Intel plans to roll out its vision for the area at an event on November 17. Much of the machine learning work is done in the cloud, a highly profitable area Intel dominates. By contrast, ARM’s initiative to break into cloud computing is still nascent, and was kept in the background at the event. The effort continues to incubate, hopeful or market traction in 2017. Even smartphones got short shrift at the event despite the fact they still make up about 60% of ARM’s revenue. Instead, the focus was on IoT as the next big thing. The show floor was packed with microcontroller-based IoT demos from ARM partners. Engineers, including the founder of the Raspberry Pi Foundation, told stories of the growing significance of wearables and the rising maker community. Amid the hype, Segars provided some realistic perspective on IoT. While 95% of companies surveyed in 2013 expected to use IoT in three years, only 75% in a follow up this year said they have felt IoT’s impact and less than half of those companies thought the impact was significant. Cost, security and lack of management understanding of IoT were the chief barriers, according to the study ARM and IBM commissioned from The Economist and to be released later this year. ARM’s IoT message arrived just days after hackers used consumer Web cameras and set-top boxes, many run on ARM chips, to stage a bold denial of service attack. ARM executives said the chip-to-cloud security solution it rolled out at the event could prevent such attacks in the future. Increasing security will be more important in IoT than lowering costs or raising performance, said Masayoshi Son of Softbank. Cars are particularly vulnerable, he noted, given tomorrow’s autos will be connected and today’s vehicles use hundreds of chips, none of them with encryption. On one demo Segars viewed but declined to name, “security was non-existent, you could see the Wi-Fi password going by — its scare-y bad,” he said. Next Page: ARM’s cloud goes dark in 2016 Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 9 Next > More Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank CEO Re: ... realjjj   10/28/2016 4:12:25 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate Mbed cloud could also offer ARM some protection against open source CPU cores and maybe even allow them to offer some cores for free if/when needed.   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: ... rick merritt   10/28/2016 3:21:26 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate @realjjj  Re AI: In the short term ARM is expected to explore how it can evolve the fixed function CV block it bought as part of the $350M Apical deal, but no doubt it is scrutinizing the Mali road map to see what can be done there also. Re Mbed cloud. It was a huge topic at the event (Thanks Rich Quinell for covering it!) And it does seem to open a door for ARM to nudge into software and maybe even servcies businesses. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank CEO ... realjjj   10/28/2016 3:15:55 PM NO RATINGS Login to Rate One big idea apparently on the back burner for ARM is joining the race to define a processor for machine learning. "It's very early days to define what the right processor architecture will be for artificial intelligence...the algorithms are changing constantly, so it's too early for the industry to be too specific about it,"   Wonder if that means that they'll focus on evolving the GPU in that direction in the short term, Nvidia style. And about big bets, isn't the IoT software as a service offering one of those? Haven't seen details on how they get payed but could be a high value product in the long run. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:27:50 AM daveburstein Junko Dino Flore, quoted in the article, made claims that Qualcomm was honorable enough to disown in the note at the end. Saying that LTE is clearly better than DSRC based on... 11/16/2016 1:15:39 AM Dr. Slump I think the reason Qualcomm wants LTE-based rather than IEEE 802.11-based solution is the licensing $$$. As you may know the most important profit (not revenue) of Qualcomm is... 11/16/2016 12:56:16 AM mojo_jojo Isn't $8B for Harman a lesser valuation given their annual revenue of $6B ? I thought typical valuation for a company will be around 3X the annual revenue. 11/15/2016 10:58:05 PM resistion https://news.samsung.com/global/samsung-expands-its-advanced-foundry-offerings-with-14lpu-and-10lpu-processes "Due to limitations of current lithography technologies, 10LPU is... 11/15/2016 8:57:04 PM pscalare I don't seem to be able to find these chargers on MPJA website. Too bad. I would have snapped up a bunch of them. 11/15/2016 7:12:55 PM TonyTib My guess is that they're surplus, e.g. Columbia Sportwear's rechargeable socks didn't sell so well, so MPJA bought a bunch at a firesale price.  The original cost might be... 11/15/2016 7:08:31 PM Sang-Yun 5x is the price difference between 3D XPoint and NAND flash memory components. In case of SSD, other components, such as SSD controller and DRAM buffer, are needed. So, the price... 11/15/2016 7:05:32 PM Sang-Yun Tanj, check the following article for more infromation about 3D XPoint.  "3D XPoint Steps Into the Light" - http://www.eetimes.com/document.asp?doc_id=1328682. In addition,... 11/15/2016 6:44:29 PM TanjB This article makes a lot of claims about 3D Xpoint - materials, capital equipment, price levels at different densities - which seem both surprising and likely to be sensitive... Navigate to Related Links AT&T: SIMs are Key to IoT Future 2016 ACE Awards Finalists Announced Google's Mobile VR Still a Wild West Where Are We with Thread IoT? China Signs IoT Interop Plan Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus "Your caption here!" 65 comments All Cartoons October 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest "Trick or Treat" A vacuum tube for you, an old transformer for you...ah, here's a real treat, a paper capacitor! 119 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  62   Why, Windows 10, Why?  53   TSMC, GF/Samsung Battle at 7nm  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  41   Accident on a Dark Freeway  37   What Is Best & Worst STEM-Related Music Ever?  37   Samsung to Ship 10nm SoCs in 2016  36   Did Processor Cause Samsung Note 7 Blowup?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  27   Robo-Car's Safety Challenges DoT  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  27   Who Wouldn't Want a Big Hex Computer?  26   Another Tesla Crash, What It Teaches Us  14   Siemens to Buy Mentor Graphics in $4.5B Deal  12   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  9   3D XPoint  Reality, Opportunity, and ...  8   Coating Stops Exploding Batteries  4   Lowly Bus Gets Reinvented  4   Samsung's Naked Auto Desire: $8B Harman Buy  4   DSRCs Dead End, Says Qualcomm Exec Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Design News | DesignCon | ESC Working With Us: About | Editorial Policies | Contact Us | Media Kits | Reprints Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2016 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine America's biggest tech companies are worth $1.8 trillion. Why don't they employ more people? October 28, 2016 Seth Meyers takes a warily amused look at Donald Trump's rocky presidential transition 1:44 a.m. Conan offers an easy solution for anyone who just can't handle a Trump presidency 1:05 a.m. U.N. says 75,000 Nigerian children at risk of starving to death within months 12:39 a.m. Donald Trump ditches press pool for steak dinner at Manhattan restaurant 12:16 a.m. Bill O'Reilly implies Megyn Kelly is making Fox News look bad November 15, 2016 Donald Trump says only he knows who his cabinet finalists are November 15, 2016 Ted Cruz is keeping mum about NYC meeting with Donald Trump November 15, 2016 See More Speed Reads FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK So much money, so few jobs Edit America's biggest tech companies are worth $1.8 trillion. Why don't they employ more people? October 28, 2016   PETER PARKS/AFP/Getty Images The star-like rise of the tech industry has come with one big downside, The Wall Street Journal reports: Money is pouring in, but jobs are disappearing. The five largest U.S.-based tech companies by stock-­market value — Apple, Alphabet, Micro­soft, Face­book, and Oracle — are worth a com­bined $1.8 trillion. That's 80 percent more than the five most valuable tech companies in 2000: Cisco, Intel, IBM, Oracle, and Micro­soft. But today's tech giants employ 22 percent fewer workers than their predecessors. The big five had a combined 434,500 employees last year, compared with 556,520 at the top five firms in 2000. Some of it has to do with companies outsourcing production to foreign countries with cheaper labor, as well as the increased use of machines to replace routine, low-skill work. "As much as $2 trillion worth of human economic activity could be automated away using existing technologies," The Journal reports. The Week Staff   America's biggest tech companies are worth $1.8 trillion. Why don't they employ more people? October 28, 2016 Late Night Tackles President Trump Edit Seth Meyers takes a warily amused look at Donald Trump's rocky presidential transition 1:44 a.m. ET   Donald Trump's presidential transition effort is reportedly a mess shrouded in mystery and rumors. It's like "a knife fight — and that might not be a metaphor," Seth Meyers said on Tuesday's Late Night, flipping on his Trump imitation: "Rudy, Chris, fight for my amusement." Trump has named as his chief of staff Reince Priebus, a move met with general approval in the Republican Party, but he gave an at least equally powerful role to Steve Bannon, the former head of Breitbart News, and that has caused alarm in lots of circles not enamored with white nationalism. Among those terrified by Bannon being steps away from the Oval Office is Glenn Beck. "You know the world has gone insane when Glenn Beck and Bernie Sanders are on the same page," Meyers said. "For them to be on the same page, the book has to be one page long" — and he offered a look at what that page might read: "We're all F#@!ed. The End." Trump also wants his kids to both advise him and run his business, setting up all sorts of conflict of interest. "So all we know so far about Trump's transition is that there's infighting among his advisers, and there may not be a firm division between his presidency and his business," Meyers said, oh, and Trump is already walking back some of his marquee promises. For example, "a wall that Mexico is going to pay for is now a fence that we're going to pay for." Watch. Peter Weber   Seth Meyers takes a warily amused look at Donald Trump's rocky presidential transition 1:44 a.m. Late Night Tackles President Trump Edit Conan offers an easy solution for anyone who just can't handle a Trump presidency 1:05 a.m. ET   If you are having a hard time coping with the still-stunning news that Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton, drugs are not the best answer — with the possible exception of this fictional one on Conan. "You have to accept the fact that Trump will be our next president," the narrator says in a faux commercial posted online Tuesday. "Or, you can live in blissful denial like I do, by taking 'She Won' A-Day vitamins." These "vitamins" use "powerful truth inhibitors" to convince the taker that Hillary won the presidency, and they're not just for women — or Mexicans, or Muslims, or black people; they also apparently work if you're married to a sanctimonious Bernie Bro. Watch below. Peter Weber   Conan offers an easy solution for anyone who just can't handle a Trump presidency 1:05 a.m. this is horrible Edit U.N. says 75,000 Nigerian children at risk of starving to death within months 12:39 a.m. ET   Stefan Heunis/AFP/Getty Images Since 2009, the Boko Haram insurgency has displaced millions of people and disrupted farming and trade in northeastern Nigeria, and now an estimated 14 million people in the country need humanitarian aid. The United Nations humanitarian coordinator, Peter Lundberg, said Tuesday that 400,000 children are in critical need of food, and 75,000 could starve to death "in the few months ahead of us." In September, at least 10 people a day were dying of starvation in a camp for displaced people near Maiduguri. The U.N. does not have enough money to fully combat the crisis, and said Nigerian philanthropists, international partners, and the private sector must help in any way they can. Boko Haram is still active in northeastern Nigeria, routinely conducting suicide attacks. Catherine Garcia   U.N. says 75,000 Nigerian children at risk of starving to death within months 12:39 a.m. Trump Transition Edit Donald Trump ditches press pool for steak dinner at Manhattan restaurant 12:16 a.m. ET   At 6:14 p.m. on Tuesday, Donald Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks told the reporters and photographers covering Trump at his Manhattan residence that the president-elect was staying in his apartment for the rest of the night — calling a "lid." Less than two hours later, an unscheduled motorcade left Trump Tower, and the press pool did not know where Trump was until a Bloomberg municipal-bond journalist tweeted out a photo of him entering the upscale 21 Club restaurant (which she misidentified as Keene's). Standing ovation and cheers at Keene's steakhouse for @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/zJsA1t00Sk — Taylor Riggs (@RiggsReport) November 16, 2016 Hicks later said she had not meant to lie to the press and had not known Trump was slipping out to dine with his family, then asked the press pool to respect the president-elect's privacy. That is traditionally not how the presidency works — at least one member of the protective press pool always follows the president around to inform the public where he is and document if anything happens to or near the U.S. commander-in-chief. Ditching the press is a big violation or protocol, and not the first from Trump, who declined to travel with the press while he was campaigning and hasn't held a press conference since the summer. "With his Tuesday night actions, the Trump Administration is shaping up to be the least accessible to the public and the press in modern history," say Alexandra Jaffe and Ali Vitali at NBC News. At first glance, this sounds like "a Beltway media thing, or an inside baseball thing," but it really isn't, Rachel Maddow said on MSNBC. "Once you are president, once you are president-elect, it is a matter of tradition, it is a matter of security, it is a matter of national interest that you don't go dark — you're not really allowed to be a private person anymore," she explained. "There's no law that says the president or president-elect has to allow a press pool representative to follow their movements, but it is tradition, and it's tradition for a reason, and it's a tradition that has a national security basis, and it's a tradition, so far at least, that Donald Trump appears intent on not following." Peter Weber   Donald Trump ditches press pool for steak dinner at Manhattan restaurant 12:16 a.m. how rude Edit Bill O'Reilly implies Megyn Kelly is making Fox News look bad November 15, 2016   Rob Kim/Getty Images While promoting his new manners book for children, Fox News anchor Bill O'Reilly also gave a lesson in irony when he made snide comments about his colleague, Megyn Kelly. In her new memoir, Settle for More, Kelly alleges that the former boss at Fox News, Roger Ailes, made unwanted sexual advances (he has denied the allegations). On Tuesday morning, while plugging Give Please a Chance, O'Reilly told CBS's Norah O'Donnell that he was "not interested in making my network look bad. At all. That doesn't interest me one bit." O'Donnell asked if that's what Kelly is doing with her book, and O'Reilly responded: "I don't know. But I'm not going to bother with it." O'Reilly — who did pay Kelly a compliment by saying she is a "smart woman" — said he has not read Settle for More, and that "it's a very tough book environment. We'll see if people respond to it." Hours later on The O'Reilly Factor, seemingly still irritated, O'Reilly tackled the theme of loyalty. Without naming Kelly, O'Reilly said, "If somebody is paying you a wage, you owe that person or company allegiance. If you don't like what's happening in the workplace, go to human resources or leave! I've done that. And then take the action you need to take afterward, if you feel aggrieved. There are labor laws in this country. But don't try to run down the concern that supports you by trying to undermine it. Factor tip of the day: Loyalty is good." The Kelly File was on immediately afterwards, and Kelly said at the end of the show she wrote about Ailes because she "thought it was an important story to include, and I'm proud to say that our bosses here at Fox [agree]. Like me, they believe that sunlight is the best disinfectant." Catherine Garcia   Bill O'Reilly implies Megyn Kelly is making Fox News look bad November 15, 2016 that's reassuring Edit Donald Trump says only he knows who his cabinet finalists are November 15, 2016   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Donald Trump continues to use Twitter like no one else before him, and on Tuesday, he turned to his trusted mode of communication to reassure followers that all is well as he makes the transition to the White House. "Very organized process taking place as I decide on Cabinet and many other positions," he tweeted. "I am the only one who knows who the finalists are!" Trump's transition team has been going through very public turmoil, with Mike Rogers, a former House Intelligence Committee chairman serving as a national security adviser, departing Tuesday. A former State Department official under former President George W. Bush, Eliot A. Cohen, tweeted Tuesday he had an exchange with Trump's transition team and recommended people "stay away. They're angry, arrogant, screaming 'you LOST!' Will be ugly." On Friday, New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) was demoted from head of the team to a vice-chair, and was replaced by vice president-elect Mike Pence. Several people close to the team told NBC News Christie was not seen as being sufficiently loyal to Trump, and Rogers and others close to the governor were victims of a "Stalinesque purge." Trump also listens closely to his son-in-law Jared Kushner, whose father Charles Kushner was prosecuted by Christie in 2004 on charges of tax fraud and witness tampering; he was sentenced to two years in federal prison. Catherine Garcia   Donald Trump says only he knows who his cabinet finalists are November 15, 2016 from enemies to frenemies? Edit Ted Cruz is keeping mum about NYC meeting with Donald Trump November 15, 2016   Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images 2016 has not been an easy year for Ted Cruz — he lost the Republican primary, he accidentally elbowed his wife in the face multiple times on live television, his father was falsely linked to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, his old Princeton roommate spent weeks tweeting about how creepy he was in college. Cruz took another hit last week, when he settled a lawsuit for $55,000 that alleged his campaign played two copyrighted songs in political ads. The Seattle music-licensing firm Audiosocket claimed that Cruz and an ad agency he hired, Madison McQueen, did not reveal that they planned to use the music of two artists for political advertisements. One of the ads ran on Fox Business News 86 times and was viewed on YouTube 7,800 times, the lawsuit stated. In addition to paying Audiosocket $55,000, Cruz's campaign released a statement saying it apologized for "unintentionally infringing upon the intellectual property rights" of the artists. Cruz's sad year just might be turning around, though — on Tuesday, he visited Donald Trump at Trump Tower in New York City, amid rumblings that he could be taking on a role in Trump's administration. As he left the building, Cruz wouldn't answer reporters who asked if he is vying for a spot, but Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) told The Washington Post's Robert Costa it's a possibility that Cruz, "young and in the mold of [Antonin] Scalia," could be nominated for the Supreme Court. Of course, this could just be the wishful thinking of a man who currently has to work with Ted Cruz every day. Catherine Garcia   Ted Cruz is keeping mum about NYC meeting with Donald Trump November 15, 2016 See More Speed Reads More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel IBM offers Trump its ideas to Make America Great Again Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this Windows Server 2016 Data Center Storage Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Because it isn't necessarily storage IO at all By-passing storage IO stack for an IO lightspeed jump 28 Oct 2016 at 15:30, Chris Mellor Chris Mellor Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Emc, Netapp, Seagate, Hp, Dell Recent Articles Pluck-filled platter-stuff: Bold disk drive makers fatten up Violin switches stock exchanges fast Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Analysis The best IO is... no IO. Windows Server 2016 has code to supercharge data storage IO speed by not treating it as IO anymore. It uses storage-class memory (SCM) as a persistent store, one that is on the memory bus, close to the CPU, and doesn't lose its contents when power is lost, an NVDIMM-N type device. That can be provided by having a Flash DIMM on a host system's memory channel, or a DRAM DIMM with on-DIMM flash backup against power failure. Future storage class memory media possibilities include Intel and Micron’s 3D XPoint memory. JEDEC has defined three classes of NVDIMM: NVDIMM-N is a DRAM/Flash hybrid memory module using flash to save the DRAM contents upon power failure NVDIMM-F is for all-flash DIMMs like those made by Diablo/WD (SanDisk) NVDIMM-P is a flash DIMM treated as persistent memory (block-addressable) JEDEC-compliant N-class Non-volatile DIMMs (NVDIMM-N) storage-class memory devices are supported in Windows with native drivers, starting in Windows Server 2016 and Windows 10 (version 1607). You can use NVDIMM-N devices as byte-addressable and block-addressable storage in Windows Server 2016. For example SQL Server log files could be stored on NVDIMM-Ns with database records out on disk. Here is a Microsoft video talking about its use as block storage: Using NVDIMM-N as block storage in Windows Server 2016 NVDIMM-N deployment NVDIMM-N is based on DDR4 DRAM plus flash for backup and it exposes a block interface, exactly like disk and SSD devices today, with read and write file semantics above an SCM driver, and load-store semantics below it, where it talks to the media. In a test Microsoft found an NVMe SSD could do 55MBps at 68 microsecs latency. The same simple, single-threaded task, was done at 700MBps and 5 microsecs latency on a DDR4 NVDIMM-N accessed in block mode. NVDIMM_N block mode is enabled in Windows Server 2016 by a Microsoft-defined _DSM specification, exposing it as a new kind of disk device, and is usable in Storage Spaces – Microsoft's storage virtualisation technology – for striping, mirroring and write-back caching. You can query information about NVDIMM-N devices through PowerShell cmdlets. Storage-class memory can be driven faster still, using byte addressing. A second Microsoft video talks about using NVDIMM-Ns in byte-addressable mode or DAX mode, with DAX referring to Direct Access volumes. Files are memory-mapped on to these volumes and access to data sidesteps the use of the block-mode software stack, saving time by further reducing latency, providing apps with direct access to the NVDIMM-N hardware (DAX volume). There is a pre-existing memory-mapped files infrastructure in Windows which is used for this. DAX volumes in an SCMe-aware file system (NTFS - DAX) are identified by a new flag and updates are directly written to the NVDIMM-N with no OS storage stack involvement. NTFS - DAX talks to the SCM driver which then talks directly to the NVDIMM-N media as before. In effect a DAX app, a DirectAccess application, has direct access, using load and store semantics, to a memory-mapped region in the NVDIMM-N media. Windows server 2016 DAX architecture Filter drivers relying on detecting and reacting to IO will see no IO and won't work. That means encryption filters. Anti-virus will still work as such code only needs to know when a file was modified – look for a close on the file – and run a scan when that's detected. DAX volumes are created using one of two commands: -> Format n: /dax /q -> Format-Volume -Driveletter n -IsDAX $true Once created they have a flag value which can be checked by an app looking at the volume handle or a file handle. Obviously then existing app code has to change to accomplish this and use the memory mapping-based read and write (load and store or faster Windows non-temporal instructions) data accesses. The benefit is that apps get DDR4 memory speed access to persistent storage. There are fewer context switches with highly contested data structures and thousands of CPU cycles are freed up to do more useful work. In a simple 4K random write test using a single thread against an NVMe SSD the latency was 0.07ms (70 microsecs) and bandwidth about 56MBps. Running the same test in a block mode NVDIMM-N we see 0.01ms (10 microsecs) latency and 580MBps, ten times faster. Now, running the same test in byte-addressable mode the result is eight times faster still, more than 8GBps at c820ns latency. Microsoft is working on porting an NVML (Non-Volatile Memory Library) to Windows to help developers adapt apps for DAX volumes. It’s a toolset project maintained on GitHub see http://pmem.io/ and currently works on Linux. Note that NVDIMM-N drives made completely with flash will be slower than DRAM DIMMs wth flash backup. NVDIMM-N drives made wth XPoint will be faster than flash DIMMs but still slower than DRAM DIMMs; DRAM is faster than XPoint. Of course, if you have a ton of XPoint NVDIMM-Ns replacing significant disk drive or SSD storage and not so much DRAM then your system will totally fly, but not as fast as a full DRAM or DRAM NVDIMM-N system. This Microsoft video has information at the end to find out more and it’s worth checking out if you have apps that could benefit from a dose of NVDIMM-N supercharging. The best IO is – wait for it – no IO. ® Sponsored: 10 Reasons LinuxONE is the best choice for Linux workloads Tips and corrections 12 Comments More from The Register Plexistor unveils storage-stack-perplexing PMoF tech More not-quite-remote memory speeds apps Windows Server 2016: Leg up or lock in? Microsoft Ignite Software Assurance licensing tags along 39 Comments Windows Server-as-a-service: Microsoft lays out Server 2016's future Want to use Nano Server? Software Assurance is non-optional 18 Comments Plexistor rolls out storage-defined memory for the masses Flash as memory: What's not to like? 2 Comments Windows Server 2016 will cost more on big servers, but discounts can be found Microsoft's helping you move to per-core pricing and making Azure more attractive too 20 Comments Want to use 3D XPoint DIMMs with Intel Purley Xeons? Wait a couple of years for second-gen Not first-gen Purley in 2017 as we were sorta promised 4 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight Iguazio: Made from Kia parts but faster than a Ferrari with 1,000 drivers Weka.IO – a stealthy startup swimming against the tide Windows Server 2016 persistent memory support supercharges storage IO Speaking in Tech: EMC v Pure – Stop bickering with the big dog Bad news, Trump. NASty storage is pretty popular, too Flash reaches the enterprise tipping point Dell EMC World tease: What does 'composable' mean to you, readers? SSDs in the enterprise: It's about more than just speed Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? Chris Hall28 October 2016Laptops Microsoft/Apple/Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment The gauntlet has been thrown down. Microsoft has updated its top-spec Surface Book, while Apple has updated its MacBook Pro, putting in a new Touch Bar feature. These two laptops square up, both pushing innovative features, trying to pull you to Windows and macOS respectively and claim the cash in your pocket.  But how do they compare head-to-head? This is the Surface Book vs MacBook Pro breakdown, comparing those 13-inch models. Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Design Surface Book has a detachable display MacBook Pro offers OLED Touch Bar Microsoft introduced the Surface Book design in 2015 and although the model updated in 2016, it still looks the same, offering that proper keyboard, that innovative hinge that will let the screen sit at any angle, as well as offering a detachable 13.5-inch display. The Surface Book measures 312.3 x 232.1 x 22.8mm and weighs 1.516kg or 1.647kg for the top i7 Performance Base model. The MacBook Pro has an all-new design that slims down the aluminium unibody, expands the Force Touch trackpad and gives a really slim display, which remains attached.  MacBook Pro measures 304.1 x 212.4 x 14.9mm, so it's smaller in all directions than the Surface Book. It weighs 1.37kg, so it's a good deal lighter too. The MacBook Pro introduces a Touch Bar OLED panel, replacing the function keys at the top of the keyboard, dynamically changing depending on what you're doing. There's also a Touch ID sensor in the power button, allowing for Apple Pay payments online, and easy sign-in.  Touch Bar gives you dedicated controls that simply don't exist on other devices, with a solution that's adaptable and doesn't require any touching on the display itself.  These laptops are different: MacBook Pro might be more compact and portable, but Surface Book offers a full touch tablet, so it's potentially more flexible, if a little bulkier. Microsoft Surface Book i7 (2016): Not an overhaul, but certainly more oomph Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Display Surface Book: 13.5-inch, 3000 x 2000 pixels, 267ppi, touchscreen MacBook Pro: 13.3-inch, 2560 x 1600 pixels, 227ppi There's a big difference in what you can use these displays for. Surface Book has an advantage, offering a detachable display that offers full touch, as well as supporting Surface Pen. That means that Surface Book will do things you'd need an iPad Pro for - here there's a Windows tablet in the same package. The Surface Book has a 13.5-inch PixelSense display with a 3000 x 2000 pixel resolution, 267ppi, with 3:2 aspect.  The MacBook Pro offers a conventional 13.3-inch Retina display with 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution, 227ppi, with 8:5 aspect. The Surface Book is sharper and can potentially offer more detail on its display, although the MacBook Pro has always been a very good quality display and in this latest model, it boosts the brightness and contrast.  Which looks better is difficult to judge without getting them side-by-side.  Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Hardware Both offer Intel Core i5 and i7 options Surface Book offers discrete Nvidia GPUs Both the Surface Book and the MacBook Pro offer sixth-gen Intel Core i5 and i7 CPUs. Both offer various RAM from 8GB to 16GB depending on your configuration. The Surface Book starts with 128GB SSD, with options up to 1TB. The MacBook Pro starts at 256GB SSD, with options up to 1TB. Storage depends on the model configuration you choose in both cases. When it comes to GPU, the MacBook Pro 13-inch offers Intel Iris Graphics 540 or 550, depending on the model you choose. There's only the option for an AMD Radeon GPU on 15-inch MacBook Pro models, so the 13-inch model is a little weaker in the GPU department.  The Surface Book offers much wider options for graphics, with Intel HD graphics at the entry level, but also offering discrete GPUs, up to the Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M on the top i7 model.  At the entry level these two laptops might be close, but in the 13-inch size, Microsoft is offering more powerful graphical options than Apple does. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar: Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Connections and ports Surface Book: Two USB 3.0, SD card, Mini DisplayPort MacBook Pro: Four Thunderbolt 3 ports If you've been paying attention, you'll know that the MacBook Pro has axed a lot of ports, moving to Thunderbolt 3 for everything - charging and all connections you want to make. In the short term, than probably means that not much will connect to it without an adapter.  That makes the Surface Book instantly more compatible with existing devices. Surface Book supports your old USB devices, you can put your memory card in it and connect to your existing monitor for example. It's not as simple as saying the Surface Book is better as a result, however. MacBook Pro still has connections and they are all versatile, supporting HDMI, DisplayPort, USB and so on, but all though the USB Type-C design. In some ways, that makes for better connectivity, it's just that you probably don't have any of those connectors or adapters yet. For those interested in photography, the loss of an SD card slot is probably the biggest bugbear with the MacBook Pro. For things like other connections, changing cables won't be a long-term hardship. Here's how much the new MacBook Pro will cost you in new adapters and cables Microsoft Surface Book vs MacBook Pro: Price Surface Book: $1,699 (256GB) MacBook Pro: $1,799 (256GB)  The starting price of these laptops doesn't tell the whole story. The older Surface Book at $1,349 comes with half the storage of the MacBook Pro's starting point, so we've picked the 256GB model instead, where the pricing is close, with the Surface Book a little cheaper.  However, because of those powerful GPU options, the top Surface Book, with Core i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB SSD and an Nvidia GPU will cost you $3,299. The top MacBook Pro, with Core i7, 16GB RAM and 1TB SSD will cost you $2,899.  Although these devices occupy different spaces - Apple is more conventional but offers that unique Touch Bar, Microsoft is more versatile with touch and tablet mode - they're both gunning to be the best 13-inch laptops around.  Whichever you choose, be prepared to be a pretty penny for them.  The Surface Book is available to order from the Microsoft Store. The MacBook Pro is available to pre-order from the Apple Store. Sections Microsoft Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Google Play Music gets smarter and much better looking OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation Surface Studio vs iMac – Which Should You Pick? Published by Rean,in Gadgets Microsoft recently unveiled Surface Studio, its new desktop computer that not only pleases its current fan base, but also those who have for so long been under Apple’s spell. The reveal itself gave chills to millions of technophiles and creatives, and instantly everyone thought of the same thing: “I want one.” Here’s another thing: It kind of looks like an iMac, no? And indeed it does, from its sleek surface (pun intended), black borders, and the way it is propped up – one glance and you’ll instantly think of an iMac. But how does it compare to an iMac? There are already predictions flying around that Surface Studio will deal a great blow to Apple’s iMac. Let’s find out how true this is. It’s not a fair comparison at a glance The Surface Studio is perhaps the most innovative and bravest product Microsoft has produced in the recent years, and it is their take on Apple’s iMac which has so long dominated the creative industry all over the world. Graphic artists, web designers, animators, video editors, most of these people prefer an iMac over other pre-packaged desktops in the market simply because of its raw power and crisp display – something creatives would kill for. But make no mistake (I’m an iMac user myself and I can honestly say that it’s not a fair comparison) and at first glance the Surface Studio wins by a grand slam. Is Surface Studio a desktop computer or a graphics tablet? If you watched the device trailer, you will notice that the Surface Studio can also double as a graphics tablet, which digital illustrators and animators use to draw directly onto in order to transfer their drawings into their computer. A popular brand for a graphics tablet is the Wacom. And if you don’t know, they’re pretty pricey. Pin it This is a Wacom Cintiq 27QHD Right now you can buy a Wacom Cintiq 27QHD for $2,300 and no, it’s not even a computer. Surface Studio’s base model is both and it’s only around $700 more, at $2,999. But we’re here to compare the Surface Studio with an iMac, and so I shall. In terms of display The Surface Studio is a massive 28″ display at 4500×3000 resolution. Its display type uses PixelSense, which promises higher than 4K resolution. While that looks great, the iMac’s top-of-the-line model sits at 27″ Retina 5K display with 5120×2880 resolution, that’s 14.7 million pixels, which is 1.2 million more than Surface Studio. Is it a close fight between the two in terms of resolution and crispness of display? Probably not. The Surface Studio is at 192 pixels per inch (13.5 million pixels total) while the iMac is at 217 pixels per inch (14.7 million pixels total), so the iMac clearly wins this round. Pin it Microsoft Surface Studio and Apple iMac Display Comparison In terms of aspect ratio, Surface Studio is at 3:2 and iMac 27″ is at 16:9, which is a big difference. The new Surface is more squarish than the iMac, which would probably miff a lot of people, especially those who are used to having a wider screen. Looking at those numbers, iMac definitely wins. But honestly can the naked eye actually tell the differences? I’m going to leave you with that but not before I mention that the entire Surface Studio’s display is touchscreen? That’s one selling point. Although if you are a photographer or a video editor, smudges on the screen is probably something you’d hate to see (it’s like touching the lens of your camera). How powerful are they? Things might still change for the Surface Studio since it is still on pre-order phase, but right now it offers Intel Core i5 or i7, 8GB to 32GB RAM, using Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M-980M at 2GB-4GB GDDR5 memory. The Apple iMac, on the other hand, also uses Intel Core i5 or i7, 8GB to 32GB RAM, using AMD Radeon R9 M380, M390, and M395X at 2GB-4GB GDDR5 memory. It is important to note that this latest iMac model has been around since 2015! There doesn’t seem much of a difference in terms of their Intel processors, but there is a big difference when it comes to their graphic processing chips. Microsoft decided to go Nvidia GeForce all the way while Apple went for AMD. Where Surface Studio straight up murders the iMac First Stab – All-in-One Desktop and Graphics Tablet Pin it Surface Studio desktop and studio form The Surface Studio is after the professional creative class of Mac users who deal with graphics, photos, and videos daily. The biggest innovation that Microsoft has introduced to their line of hardware is Surface Studio’s display which enables its users to draw directly on it – acting like a touchscreen tablet and a computer all in one. It’s going to be a big blow for Apple, especially if people are more willing to spend at least a thousand dollars more. Second Stab – Sexy Base Support Pin it Another important thing to note, which probably should get more attention, is its Zero Gravity Hinge (the base support), which provides seamless transition between desktop mode to studio mode (tablet mode). Users can change the angle of the display with just one hand, from an upright position to a more comfortable position for drawing. Third Stab – Surface Dial (Major Damage) Pin it One more thing: Surface Dial. It’s a new peripheral that Microsoft has introduced that definitely made a scene. It can be placed on the screen itself to allow users to choose colors just by turning the dial. Meanwhile, Apple recently announced a new Macbook Pro with a Touch Bar. Check out this link for more on it. Pin it The TL;DR version If all you care about are the numbers and the specs, this is what you are looking for. Microsoft Surface Studio You can learn more about the Surface Studio in-depth here. Price Graphics Display Processor Memory Storage $2,999 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory 28″ PixelSense Display, 4500×3000 resolution, 10 point multi-touch, 3:2 aspect ratio 6th Generation Intel Core i5 8GB 1TB Rapid Hybrid Drive $3,499 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 965M 2GB GDDR5 memory 6th Generation Intel Core i7 16GB 1TB Rapid Hybrid Drive $4,199 NVIDIA GeForce GTX 980M 4GB GDDR5 memory 6th Generation Intel Core i7 32GB 2TB Rapid Hybrid Drive Apple 27″ iMac Price Graphics Display Processor Memory Storage $1,799 AMD Radeon R9 M380 graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory 27″ Retina 5K display with IPS technology, 5120×2880 resolution, 16:9 aspect ratio Intel Core i5 8GB 1TB Drive $1,999 AMD Radeon R9 M390 graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory Intel Core i7 16GB 1TB Fusion Drive $2,299 AMD Radeon R9 M395 graphics processor with 2GB of GDDR5 memory. Intel Core i7 32GB 2TB Fusion Drive What’s the verdict? Surface Studio or iMac? If you are buying a computer based on its numbers, then without a doubt the iMac wins. But don’t forget that the Surface Studio is something entirely different – it’s a hybrid, and with that the price is justified. If you are among the creative class who is looking for an “entry-level” desktop computer for work-related matters, the iMac line of 2015 still takes the cake when it comes to price-to-hardware ratio. This is particularly true if you are under budget. While the base model of the latest iMac series is significantly less powerful than Surface Studio, it still works as one of the finest desktop computers ever built. But if you are looking to expand your creative arsenal and explore the possibilities of your imagination, and perhaps more importantly if you have the budget, and would like to work by hand, perhaps the Surface Studio is worth a shot. More Load More Posts © 2007‐2016 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search New MacBook Pro 13 first look: Entry-level Touch Bar envy Chris Davies - Oct 28, 2016 3 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit After a long – some might say interminable – wait, Apple’s new MacBook Pro is here, and it’s proving to be controversial. Unveiled this week is the Cupertino firm’s vision of how touch and notebooks can co-exist, and it’s a very different interpretation compared to the 2-in-1’s and convertibles we’ve seen in Windows land. Not all the new MacBook Pro models are created equal, however, and it’s the new, $1,499 entry-level model which has landed first on the SlashGear test bench. Unfortunately, that means I can’t tell you about the experience of living – albeit even just briefly – with the Touch Bar, because that’s one of the missing features on the entry-level MacBook Pro. Instead, you get a regular strip of function keys, sharing real-estate with the familiar shortcuts for volume, brightness, and media control. It’s not the only difference between it and its more expensive siblings, either. The extra $300 you spend on the Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pro doesn’t just get you the slender touchscreen strip. It also doubles the number of Thunderbolt 3 ports you have, not to mention upgrading the processor from a 2.0 GHz dual-core Core i5 to a 2.9 GHz version. The Intel graphics take a small step up, too, from Iris 540 to Iris 550, and not only does the more expensive notebook have Touch ID, but a third microphone rather than the two on the entry-level model. In fact, assuming you’re enamored of the Touch Bar, there’s only one slightly unexpected benefit of going for the cheapest MacBook Pro, and that’s the battery. Even though Apple rates both notebooks the same for typical runtime – up to 10 hours of wireless web browsing or iTunes movie playback, or up to 30 days of standby time – the $1,499 version actually has a slightly larger li-poly pack inside. Admittedly, it’s a fairly small difference: 54.5 watt-hours versus 49.2 watt-hours. Given what little time I’ve had to actually use the new MacBook Pro, I can’t tell you how long the battery holds up in regular use yet. That’ll have to wait for the eventual review. What I have done, though, is charge it up with the included power adapter and USB-C cable. I suspect the pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports on this particular MacBook Pro may prove more of a hindrance than just forcing users to add a dongle or three to their laptop bag. On the more expensive versions, the absence of MagSafe 2 feels justified by the quartet of Thunderbolt 3, any of which can be used to charge the notebook up. After all, you still have three remaining ports to play with. On the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro, however, plug in the power supply and all of a sudden you’re down to a single spare port for everything else. Now, Thunderbolt 3 is a mighty capable connection, at least in theory: after all, each supports charging, DisplayPort, up to 40 Gbps of Thunderbolt data, and up to 10 Gbps of USB 3.1 data. However the number of actual peripherals that can take advantage of that are fairly limited. What’s more likely is that you’ll be doing a fair among of plugging and unplugging of single-purpose dongles, and having lived with a 12-inch MacBook for the past couple of years, I know how frustrating that can be at times. Even with a fairly compact USB-C hub – I like Huawei’s – it’s a chore to have all that dangling off the side of your notebook, particularly if you’re trying to use it on your lap. If you’re viewing the $1,499 13-inch MacBook Pro as a 13-inch MacBook Air alternative, that limitation becomes even more noticeable. Yes, the older Air might be a little bigger than its new cousin, but it uses that space to fit in a MagSafe 2, two USB 3, a Thunderbolt 2, and an SDXC card reader. None of them are as individually flexible as a Thunderbolt 3, true, but I suspect they’ll be more immediately-usable. In the process you miss out on the performance improvements. The sixth-gen Core i5 is not to be sniffed at – in this case the i5-6360U – with a solid 8GB of memory (albeit slower 1,866 MHz LPDDR3 than the $1,799 model’s 2,133 MHz) and 256GB of storage. Honestly, benchmarks only give a fraction of the story, but in Geekbench 3 it came in at 3,128 for the single-core test and 7,099 in the multi-core test. Those doing heavy-duty video editing – or wanting to play games, for that matter – will, as before, likely want to look to the 15-inch MacBook Pro instead. That gets AMD discrete graphics as standard after all. Apple isn’t referring to the “Butterfly” keyboard on the new MacBook Pro as its second-generation, at least not officially, though it probably could. It’s based on the same premise as the ‘board in the 12-inch MacBook, a single flexing assembly which makes for less keycap wobble, but modified with greater travel and a different dome mechanism underneath. As on the 12-inch, the keys themselves are larger with less space in-between. I’m a fan of the original “Butterfly” keyboard, personally, though I know many others aren’t. Happily, the new MacBook Pro strikes a balance somewhere in-between old keyboard and new. You get the increased stability of each individual key, but there’s a more definite depression when your finger strikes. Even if you disliked the MacBook’s keyboard, it’s worth keeping an open-mind for this new iteration. Underneath there’s a significantly larger trackpad than before, and it’s another carry-over from the MacBook. Courtesy of Force Touch you have the sensation of movement without a physically hinged ‘pad, along with the ability to press “deeper” into the click to summon context-relevant extras such as dictionary definitions or address look-ups. Even though I have relatively narrow wrists, I was a little concerned that the wider area on the new MacBook Pro could lead to issues with accidental taps, but Apple’s updated palm-rejection appears to be doing the trick. There’s no denying that this is a less exciting MacBook Pro than the more expensive models. Indeed, with no Touch Bar and half the ports, there’s far more of a sense that Apple built this particular notebook to a budget. Yes, the company can bill its new line-up as starting from $1,499, but it’s really from the $1,799 point upward when it begins to sparkle. Personally, the reason I’d buy this over the 13-inch MacBook Air is the display. Once you’ve spent some time in front of a wide color gamut panel, it’s hard to go back to a screen which doesn’t have P3 support. Until now, that’s meant an iMac Retina 5K, a 9.7-inch iPad Pro, or, most recently, the iPhone 7: if you’ve wanted P3 and a portable Mac, you’ve been out of luck. NOW READ: MacBook Pro Touch Bar hands-on That all changes with the new MacBook Pro, and it’s another astonishing display. Colors are richer and deeper – reds and greens particularly, without the unnatural hue and bleed of over-saturation – while contrast is much improved too. Side-by-side with the old 13-inch MacBook Pro, and the difference is night and day. I’m even okay with giving up the illuminated Apple logo on the lid for it (you get a shiny badge instead). Still to come: battery life, how that double port situation holds up, everyday performance, and if Apple really has done audio magic with its “completely redesigned speakers. In short, I’ll have more on the new 13-inch MacBook Pro – not to mention its siblings – in the coming weeks, though if you’re already convinced it’s shipping from today. Tags AppleComputingFirst ImpressionsHands OnLaptopmacmacbookmacbook pronotebook Must Read Bits & Bytes 2017 Honda Civic Hatchback First Drive Jaguar I-PACE Concept previews Model X rivaling EV for 2018 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar Review (late-2016) Surface Book with Performance Base Review 7 ways I’ll escape or mobilize today with technology Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Trade Without Fear in Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Run with the AMD stock bulls with this option play Oct 28, 2016, 10:29 am EST  |  By Tyler Craig, Tales of a Technician     Following a slight detour, the bull market for Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is back, baby! And with earnings now in the rearview mirror, spectators can get back to the business of trading AMD stock without fear of any fundamental gremlins sabotaging their positions. Click to Enlarge Source: OptionsAnalytix Unlike fellow semiconductor stock, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), which took a dirtnap following earnings and has yet to recover, AMD has bounced back vigorously following its minor drop. The Sunnyvale-based company bested expectations by earning 3 cents per share last quarter. This has been a banner year for AMD on the stock front. As of Thursday’s close ($7.11), AMD shares were up 148% year-to-date. Momentum lovers have flocked to the stock all year-long, basking in its upside volatility and high-quality breakout patterns. What caught my eye this week was the Monday-Tuesday moonshot, which carried shares above a key resistance level at $7. The breakout was accompanied by higher-than-average volume bringing validity to the breach. 3 Down-And-Out Cloud Stocks to Trade And with the price pop, AMD stock is now perched nicely above all its major moving averages. Consider the damage inflicted during the September swoon officially corrected. This week’s strength is making yesterday’s pullback appear an attractive dip-buying opportunity. Provided prices don’t retreat below $6.75, I think sidelined bulls should be pouncing here. The AMD Trade The cheaper price tag of AMD makes it an easy candidate for a stock trade. If you’re looking for a straightforward way to profit from continued strength, grab shares here with a stop below the recent pivot low of $6.37. A break of that support level would invalidate the lion’s share of today’s analysis. For a price target, look for Advanced Micro Devices to return to $8 and beyond. Traders preferring the higher probability route could sell the Dec $7 puts. They currently sit slightly out-of-the-money and offer 50 cents of premium. The reward is limited to the 50 cents and will be captured if AMD sits above $7 at expiration. By selling the put you obligate yourself to buy 100 shares at an effective purchase price of $6.50. To minimize the loss, I suggest bailing on this if AMD stock breaches the aforementioned support level. At the time of this writing Tyler Craig had no positions in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace Energy Select Sector SPDR (ETF) (XLE): This Dip Is a Buy! No Lie! 7 Growth Stocks That Should Replace Apple in Your Portfolio 5 Consumer Stocks That Are Melting Down Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/amd-stock-advanced-micro-devices-options/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading

Environmental Leader Columns News Videos Jobs Research Webinars Conference 2017   Popular ENERGY EFFICIENCY EMISSIONS CARBON FINANCE FACILITIES SUPPLY CHAIN SUSTAINABILITY WATER SMART GRID More Topics »Close » Sustainable Strategies & Leadership Contracts & Installations Green Fleets & Transportation Funding & Incentives Sustainability Reports Government Environmental Design Hi-Tech Pollution Climate Ecolabels & Certifications Waste & Recycling Carbon Finance & Offsets Construction & Refitting Green Marketing Sustainable Manufacturing Green Research Energy Efficient Lighting Solar Energy Environmental Policy & Law Products & Planning Finance & Reporting Sustainable Packaging & Paper Conventional Energy Baseline Clean Energy Green Workplace Efficiency Environmental Conservation Utilities ALL TOPICS   Home » All EL Stories » Corporate Community Leading the Charge Into the New Energy Economy October 28, 2016 Corporate Community Leading the Charge Into the New Energy EconomyBy: Ken Silverstein Related Stories Retail Sector Dominates On-Site Solar Generation Walmart Rockets from 15th to Third in EPA Green Power Rankings Walmart Sustainability Index ‘Ahead of Schedule’ Will Hawaii’s Attempts to Elevate Energy Storage be Successful? Intel Leads Tech and Telecom Green Power Rankings Related Topics All EL Stories Clean Energy Climate Environmental Policy & Law Feature Solar Energy Sustainable Strategy & Leadership Utilities Wind Energy The corporate community is leading the green energy economy. Today, nearly 1,300 organizations are partnering with the US Environmental Protection Agency to either generate or buy green energy. The result, according to EPA: lowering carbon emissions and greater brand equity, making the proposition a win-win scenario. “By using green, an organization not only can dramatically reduce its carbon footprint but it may be able to save money, stand out from competitors, and meet corporate environmental goals, which is of growing importance to stakeholder groups such as customers, Wall Street analysts, shareholders and employees,” says EPA. Some of the leaders: Intel, Kohl’s Department Stores, Whole Foods Market, the city of Houston and Dell. Take Kohl’s: It is one the world’s largest retail solar hosts, says EPA, with solar panels that are placed in stores in not just on the West Coast in California but also on the East Coast in New Jersey and Connecticut. Wisconsin is another key location. Much of that is through power purchase arrangements, where a third party generates the electricity that is bought over a period of years by Kohl’s. That gives the developer a guaranteed income stream while it allows the retailer to keep its prices in check. Wal-Mart is another big box retailer that is active in the green market. It is purchasing wind power from a Duke Energy wind farm in Texas, which supplies the retailer with 15% of its electricity needs in that state alone. Nationally, Wal-Mart says that it gets 25% of its energy from renewables and that it has a goal of 100%. And according to the Solar Energy Industries Association, Wal-Mart and Target are the two biggest installers of solar power in the nation. They have installed 145 megawatts and 147 megawatts, respectively, it adds. “Solar plays a vital role within our renewable energy portfolio,” said Mark Vanderhelm, vice president of energy for Walmart. “This is evident by our 2020 commitment of doubling solar energy projects at our Walmart stores, Sam’s Clubs and distribution centers across the nation. Our focus is on finding those solar projects that are right for the business. Being recognized by the SEIA for our efforts is confirmation that we are moving in the right direction with regards to renewable energy, specifically solar.” “At Target, sustainability is a principle that drives the decisions we make across the company – from the products we make to the way we run our business,” adds John Leisen, vice president of property management at Target. “We’re incredibly proud of the progress we’ve made in improving building efficiencies and reducing environmental impact. Our commitment to installing solar panels on 500 stores and distribution centers by 2020 is evidence of that progress.”  More than 860 utilities offer green power programs to their customers, says the National Renewable Energy Laboratory. That is giving more than half of the electricity customers nationwide the option to buy renewable energy from a provider. Eco-minded businesses are snatching up the credits. Software manufacturer SAP says that it has a goal of getting to 100% green fuels while Microsoft says that it now gets 80% of its electricity from renewables. As the technologies are getting incorporated by the nation’s bigger companies, they are subsequently becoming more and more accessible to all businesses. And with that trend, the New Energy Economy has taken root and will only sprout higher. Retail Sector Dominates On-Site Solar Generation Walmart Rockets from 15th to Third in EPA Green Power Rankings Walmart Sustainability Index ‘Ahead of Schedule’ Will Hawaii’s Attempts to Elevate Energy Storage be Successful? Intel Leads Tech and Telecom Green Power Rankings Reader Comments There are no comments for this story.   Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Energy Manager News 77 Maryland Families Evicted After Condo Association Defaults on Utility Bills C&I Ratepayers Are Driving Green Tariff Development in Regulated Markets Digging Deep to Cure HVAC Inefficiency Technavio: Global Data Center Liquid Cooling Market Growing GE Shreveport Plant Finishes First Stage of Retrofit Entergy Arkansas Reaches Rate Settlement EMEX Named TEPA Aggregator/Broker/Consultant of the Year Switching to LEDs Without Leaving the Past Behind NEWSLETTER SIGNUP Join 100,000+ subscribers who gain a competitive advantage with our news and analysis. Select the newsletters that interest you: Environmental Leader Newsletter (Daily) Recycling & Waste Reduction Report (Weekly) Retail Energy Buyer Newsletter (Weekly) Energy Manager Today Newsletter (Daily) EHS Best Practices Newsletter (Monthly) Latest Best Practice[ see all ] The New EHS Cloud, Is it for Everyone? Companies moving from traditional on-premise, perpetually-licensed EHS software to technology services that are cloud-based, subscription service-based offerings has become a macro trend. When it’s time to look for a new software solution, the temptation is great to use the technical buzz phrases that get tossed around frequently. When that happens, the pros and cons of […] Privacy About Us Send a Story Tip Advertise Subscribe © 2006-2016 Business Sector Media, LLC All rights reserved.  
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-15 Michael J. Fox Played Guitar With Dave Matthews Band: Rock On, McFly Entertainment 2016-11-15 Jana Duggar Takes Backseat At Jinger And Jeremy Vuolo Wedding As Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy Anna And Family Dominate ‘Counting On’ News Entertainment 2016-11-15 One Direction News: Niall Horan And Zayn Malik’s AMAs Reunion, Liam Payne Baby Rumors Continue Entertainment 2016-11-14 Joy Anna Duggar Featured In Family Instagram With Baby After Birthday, Jim Bob And Michelle Want Daughter Courting And Engaged? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-15 Detroit Family Blames EMS Slow Response After 11-Year-Old Girl Dies From An Asthma Attack News 2016-11-15 Denver Cannabis Law To Make Marijuana Use Legal In Public Opinion 2016-11-15 Dear America, Donald Trump Winning The Presidential Election Is Not A License For Racism [Opinion] News 2016-11-15 Oklahoma City Airport On Lockdown: Southwest Airlines Employee Killed, Suspect Still On Loose Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-13 Live Stream: Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Day 6 — Barisal Bulls Vs. Rajshahi Kings, Comilla Victorians Vs. Khulna Titans Sports 2016-11-11 Lindsey Vonn Has Another Crash In Ski Practice, Severely Breaks Arm Sports 2016-11-11 Watch Bangladesh Premier League Cricket Live Stream Day 4: Comilla Victorians Vs. Barisal Bulls, Dhaka Dynamites Vs. Rajshahi Kings Sports 2016-11-09 Green Bay Packers: Keys To Victory In NFL Week 10 Vs. Titans Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-15 Chocolate Bars That Relieve Period Cramps? Yes, Please! Health 2016-11-13 Donald Trump Presidency: What Does This Mean For The Marijuana Industry? Health 2016-11-13 Depression: Why You Might Be Taking The Wrong Vitamins, And Even Making Your Mood Worse Health 2016-11-13 Adolescent Girls Have Greater Chance Than Boys Of Acquiring PTSD Due To Brain Differences Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-16 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Gaming 2016-11-15 ‘Conan Exiles’ Impresses With 360 Degree Screenshots, On Track For January Early Access Gaming 2016-11-15 Sombra Boops Into ‘Overwatch,’ New Hero, Map, And Arcade Mode Now Live Technology 2016-11-15 2016 MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Gets Mixed Reviews: Is The New Microsoft Surface Book Better? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-15 Google To Penalize Fake News Sites That Peddle Misinformation Using Facebook: After 2016 Election Search Engine To Cut Off Ad Network Support To Shady Sites BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 ‘Pawn Stars’ Update: Chumlee As Kylo Ren And Donald Trump Jr. And Other Stars Visit Shop While Filming Season 13 Continues BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Hatchimals Are Must-Have Toys This Holiday Season: How Can You Get Your Hands On One? BuzzWorthy 2016-11-14 Michigan Police Officer Suspended After Driving With Confederate Flag Near Anti-Trump Protest [Video] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss MacBook Pro 2016 Price: Apple Says Goodbye To MacBook Air, Bets All On Revamped Line Technology 1 0 0 October 28, 2016 MacBook Pro 2016 Price: Apple Says Goodbye To MacBook Air, Bets All On Revamped Line Simon Alvarez The MacBook Pro 2016 has been officially revealed, and its specs, price, and features are everything that rumors painted it out to be. Over the course of the last few months, numerous speculations about the device’s features emerged, many of which were proven right on Thursday’s big event. The MacBook Pro has not been revamped in quite a long time. The last refresh of the machine took place May of last year, but even then, the upgrades that were given to the device were mostly incremental. The 2016 MacBook Pro is the first real upgrade to the esteemed powerhouse line, and it embodies much of what Apple is right now. Specs-wise, the MacBook Pro somewhat lags behind its competitors. This is evident just by looking at the heart of the device. The MacBook Pro 2016 still carries Intel’s sixth-generation Skylake chips, which is one step away from the seventh-generation Kaby Lake chips that are found on flagship laptops from rivals like Dell and HP. Despite the MacBook Pro 2016 only being equipped with a Skylake processor, however, it is still a pretty formidable device, partly due to Apple’s mastery of using all the technology that its devices have to their utmost potential. Coupled with MacOS Sierra, the 2016 MacBook Pro runs programs extremely smoothly. [Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] One thing that definitely characterizes the MacBook Pro 2016 is the machine’s use of Apple’s first ever Touch Bar, an innovative touchscreen that takes the place of the laptop’s traditional function keys. The Touch Bar is extremely flexible, allowing users of the MacBook Pro 2016 to access commands for specific programs directly from the strip. For example, if players are playing music, the bar would display music controls. If the user is using Photoshop, on the other hand, the Touch Bar would instead feature several notable tools and commands that are pertinent to the program. TouchID purchases and answering FaceTime calls are also accomplished through the Touch Bar. The MacBook Pro 2016 comes in three iterations, two 13-inch units and one 15-inch machine. The entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at $1,499, though the machine is equipped with a standard keyboard and slightly lower specs. The 13-inch model that is equipped with the Touch Bar is priced at $1,799, while the 15-inch MacBook Pro is priced at a very premium $2,399. During the end of the event, Apple presented its laptop line once more, presenting the three MacBook Pro 2016 variants alongside the 2016 MacBook, which was unveiled earlier this year. With the four devices comprising Apple’s laptop lineup for the year, one particular rumor was proven right. The MacBook Air is officially dead. [Image by David Paul Morris/Getty Images] The MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop for years, and it proved extremely popular for casual users and students. For those who were looking for a reasonably-priced Mac with formidable specs to boot, the MacBook Air was a very easy sell. However, the introduction of last year’s ultraportable MacBook seemed like a sign that Apple was ready to retire the Air line. As it turned out, such speculations were right, as Apple did ultimately end the MacBook Air line with the introduction of the MacBook Pro 2016. While the Air’s removal does make sense from a business standpoint, the departure of the MacBook Air from Apple’s lineup will surely be felt by the brand’s avid followers. This is because the MacBook Air is a laptop that provides a great balance between power, price, and portability. MacBook Pros are very powerful, but prior to the introduction of the 2016 model, the line is represented by relatively huge machines that are pretty difficult to carry around. The MacBook, on the other hand, was extremely portable and well-made. It was, however, notoriously underpowered for its price. Thus, MacBook Airs have been, for the past few years at least, the Apple device that is just right. The three variants of the MacBook Pro 2016 are arguably the best portable machines that Apple has ever made. They are, however, entering the market just as a fan favorite is being retired. Apple’s earnings for the next few quarters would ultimately prove if the MacBook Pro 2016’s balance of price, specs, and features would be enough to fill the void left behind by the MacBook Air. <noscript><iframe width="500" height="281" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/WVPRkcczXCY?feature=oembed" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></noscript> [Featured Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Paralyzed Monkey Walks Again After Implant Now Read This: 2016 MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Gets Mixed Reviews: Is The New Microsoft Surface Book Better? Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Apple, macbook air, macbook pro Comments LATEST HEADLINES ‘Minecraft’ Movie: Will Steve Carell Play Steve? In Cast Talks With Warner Brothers, Release Date In 2019 Play ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ For Free This Weekend On PlayStation 4 And PC, Xbox One Free Weekend Coming Soon Detroit Family Blames EMS Slow Response After 11-Year-Old Girl Dies From An Asthma Attack Tyler Posey Speaks Out About ‘Teen Wolf’ Final Season As Show Comes To An End Ashton Irwin New Girlfriend Alert: Is Hailey Baldwin Poised To Replace Bryana Holly As 5SOS Drummer’s New Fling? Justin Bieber Confirms Stadium Purpose Tour North American Leg, Hints At Concert Movie Joy-Anna Duggar Courting Austin Forsyth, ‘Counting On’ Season 3 Premieres In January Kylie Jenner Pregnancy Rumors: Who Is Encouraging Kylie To Have A Baby With Tyga? Jessica Jung Rumored To Be Connected To Korean Government ‘Heartbreaking’ Scandal — Hallyu Star And Her Agency Coridel Entertainment Deny Involvement WWE News: Wrestling Legend Reveals He Has Less Than Two Years To Live — Mick Foley Wants Him In WWE Hall Of Fame Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Hillary Voters Owe It To America To Stop Calling Everyone A Nazi And Start Reading WikiLeaks 56.4k 0 0 Lady Gaga Urges All Americans To Sign The Electoral College Petition To Void Donald Trump’s Presidency And Elect Hillary Clinton 30.8k 0 0 Forget Mars, Trump Wants NASA To Visit Jupiter’s Moon Europa And Explore The Solar System 14.6k 0 0 Melania Trump Makes History As First Immigrant First Lady, Fluent In Five Languages 24.1k 0 0 Could Hillary Clinton Still Become The Next President Of The United States? 8.2k 0 0 Barron Trump, America’s First Son In The White House Since John F. Kennedy Jr. In 1963 227.1k 0 0 Kirk Douglas To Turn 100, As Michael Douglas Reveals: ‘He Is Rocking’ 11.5k 0 0 Recent Headlines ‘Minecraft’ Movie: Will Steve Carell Play Steve? In Cast Talks With Warner Brothers, Release Date In 2019 1 0 0 Detroit Family Blames EMS Slow Response After 11-Year-Old Girl Dies From An Asthma Attack 0 0 0 Tyler Posey Speaks Out About ‘Teen Wolf’ Final Season As Show Comes To An End 3 0 0 Ashton Irwin New Girlfriend Alert: Is Hailey Baldwin Poised To Replace Bryana Holly As 5SOS Drummer’s New Fling? 1 0 0 Justin Bieber Confirms Stadium Purpose Tour North American Leg, Hints At Concert Movie 0 0 0 Joy-Anna Duggar Courting Austin Forsyth, ‘Counting On’ Season 3 Premieres In January 12 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Microsoft The future of PCs and Macs is expensive New, 236 comments The PC is a niche now by Vlad Savov Oct 28, 2016, 9:02am EDT share tweet Linkedin The personal desktop computer used to once be an exclusive and expensive machine, though we now know it and its laptop counterpart as a mass-market commodity that most people can afford. This week, however, the companies that defined the personal computer, Microsoft and Apple, gave us a glimpse of the future and it looks like a return to the past: the PC is going back to being an exclusive and expensive machine. Set aside all the explosions of color on gorgeous, high-resolution displays. Ignore the glamorous promo videos and the ultrathin, all-metal chassis of the new Surface Studio and MacBook Pro. Instead, focus on the prices. From Microsoft, we have the $2,999 Surface Studio, which scales up to $4,199 when you juice up the RAM to 32GB and the storage to 2TB. Also out of Redmond is an updated Surface Book with up to 16 hours of battery life and a $2,399 starting price. That portable computer maxes out at $3,299 with added storage and memory. Buying the top Surface Studio and MacBook Pro models together would cost you $8,498 Apple’s new MacBook Pro family is universally more expensive than the one it’s replacing: the supposedly entry-level MBP, lacking a Touch Bar, starts at $1,499. To get a Touch Bar, the least you’d need to spend is $1,799, and if you want to go beyond 13 inches, the 15-inch MacBook Pro starts at $2,399. Upgrade the processor and graphics, opt for 2TB of storage, and you’ll reach the incredible heights of $4,299. Here’s my interpretation of this phenomenon: Apple and Microsoft have both come to terms with the fact that people are simply never going to buy PCs — whether in desktop or laptop form, running Windows or macOS — in the old numbers that they used to. Computers are just too good nowadays, most users are already satisfied, and so the market for new PCs inevitably shrinks. And when you can’t have growth in total sales, the logical move is to try and improve the other multiplier in the profit calculation: the per-unit price and built-in profit margin. That's been Apple's approach for a while, and now Microsoft is joining in. If you can’t grow sales, grow the profit per sale Pure hardware providers like Intel, Acer, and Asus have no elegant means to escape the pursuit of "sell more stuff," but Apple and Microsoft’s software control gives them the opportunity to sell people holistic experiences and solutions. Yes, those are terrible buzzwords, but it’s true that Apple’s Touch Bar, fully integrated with macOS and the MacBook Pro’s design, delivers a unique experience. Just as it’s true that a Microsoft Surface Studio is only as appealing as it is because Microsoft has tailored the Windows software to support its on-screen drawing and touch capabilities, turning it into a wholly new creative solution. Read more: The PC has become part of the furniture Instead of thinking of such preposterous concepts as a post-PC world — which will only be precipitated by some apocalyptic event that wipes out all human progress and technology — we simply have to make ourselves comfortable with the notion that larger computers are returning to being a niche category. There's a compelling argument to be made that the average person's home computing needs are well met by their phone or a tablet. Mobile truly has eaten everything, and a very salient analogy is provided by cameras. Digital gives, and then it takes away; smartphones and cameras. Plenty of lessons here for other categories pic.twitter.com/8wHzvLwJuB — Benedict Evans (@BenedictEvans) February 12, 2015 Digital SLRs were once very expensive and therefore exclusive. After a while they proliferated into the market, underwent a rapid cycle of commodification that turned them into a ubiquity around tourists’ necks, and then cameraphones arrived on the scene along with high-quality mirrorless cameras and DSLRs quickly reverted to their smaller scale. The new DSLRs of today are things like the $1,999 Nikon D500. I call them tractors: the number of people that need one isn't huge, but they couldn't get their jobs done without it. PCs are much the same. It’s basic economics. Every publicly traded tech company is duty-bound to maximize profit, and the smart ones simply recognize when their opportunity to grow absolute sales numbers is at an end and then turn to creating high-premium devices instead. With mobile phones now supplanting so many of the original purposes of PCs, it’s high time for the personal computer itself to evolve. The Surface Studio gives people creative capabilities they’ve not had from any other desktop machine. The MacBook Pro is Apple’s best effort at crafting an ultraportable powerhouse, and its Touch Bar is again a unique bit of functionality. Maybe these things are gimmicks, we don’t yet know for sure, but they’re certainly necessary idiosyncrasies for justifying the introduction of anything new in such mature markets. New tech must prove itself an upgrade over old, and that task’s becoming more expensive For any new tech devices to exist and to prosper, they have to show themselves capable of doing things existing ones can’t. That used to be easy in the era of constantly advancing specs and software demanding more power, but all the easy upgrades are over now. Beside Apple and Microsoft, companies like Razer are pushing the design and pricing frontiers too, offering PCs like the $3,699 Razer Blade Pro with arguably the best laptop keyboard ever. The path forward is through a thicket of interesting, albeit also very expensive, design challenges. Apple is going in one direction, Microsoft is going in another, and the future of computers is harder to predict now than it has been for a while, because there’s no obvious next step. This makes developments exciting to observe, but the design and engineering exploration that is to come will come at a very literal cost. Apple MacBook Pro first look Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending This tiny supersonic jet could be the next generation Concorde Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: a touch of the future DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 25. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search High Performance Computing Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * High-performance Computing By Industry: * ResearchGAITHERSBURG, Md. - Oct. 28, 2016 - PRLog -- According to Stratistics MRC, the Global High Performance Computing market is accounted for $30.64 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $47.44 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 6.4%. High Performance Computing market is nowadays being linked to technological advancements and economic competitiveness, which are helping the market to compete across the globe. These advancements in computing technology had given many benefits such as faster computing capabilities, enhanced performance efficiency and smarter operation & management with high excellence of service. These all factors are fuelling the market and taking it to a next level. But increasing software hurdles are the major restraining factors of thethe market. Government and Defence sector is deploying the technology at the utmost level for national security and cyber crime protection. Cloud technology is expected to grow at an exponential rate because of its increase in adoption. In North America early adoption of technology and technological advancements are boosting the market growth. Some of the key players in the market are Cray, Inc., Intel Corporation, Hewlett Packard, Inc. (HP), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), International Business Machine Corporation (IBM), Fujitsu Limited, ATOS SE, Cisco Systems, Inc., Dell Inc. and Silicon Graphics International Corporation (SGI). Services Covered: • Integration and Deployment • Design and Consulting • Training and Outsourcing Verticals Covered: • Academic Institutions • Banking, Financial Services, and Insurance (BFSI) • Chemical • Earth Science • Energy • Gaming • Government and Defence • Industrial Manufacturing • Life Science • Media • Retail • Transportation and Logistics • Other Verticals Components Covered: • Software and system Management o Cluster Management o Fabric Management o Middleware o Performance Optimization Tools o Programming Tools • Professional Services o Training and Outsourcing o Design and Consulting o Integration and Deployment • Hardware and Architecture o Network Devices o Server § Departmental § Divisional § Super Computer § Work Group o Memory Capacity o Energy Management Server Price Bands Covered: • USD 250,000-500,000 and Above • USD 249,999-100,000 and Below Deployment Types Covered: • Cloud • On-Premise Regions Covered: • North America o US o Canada o Mexico • Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe • Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific • Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Contact James Lamb ***@strategymrc.com End Source : Stratistics Market Research Consulting » Follow Email : ***@strategymrc.com Listed Under- Tags : High-performance Computing Industry : Research Location : Gaithersburg - Maryland - United States Subject : Reports A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Stratistics Market Research Consulting News Medical Radiation Detection Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Concentrated Photovoltaic Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022" Near Field Communications (NFC) Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Auto Injectors Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Bariatric Surgery Devices Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Trending Oakland's Local Response to Big Box Black Friday - Plaid Staybridge Suites Opens in Maryland Heights, Mo Matchbook Media + Pr To Host Entertainment Pitch-A-Thon With $1000 Prize ImagineCare partnering with Illuminance to bring telehealth to Australia Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. X.Org To Begin Accepting Donations Again Written by Michael Larabel in X.Org on 28 October 2016 at 07:38 AM EDT. 14 Comments The X.Org merger with the SPI is almost complete and the X.Org Foundation is soon going to begin accepting donations. Years ago the X.Org Foundation relied upon donations from Sun Microsystems, Intel, and the other big names to assemble their war-chest, but in the past few years they haven't really been pursuing donations from these big companies while their expenditures have continued with the annual XDC conference, X.org EVoC, travel expenses, and other costs. Now under the SPI space, the X.Org Foundation is going to begin accepting donations. This time around they are soliciting donations via PayPal and thus seem to be going after random donations from individuals rather than the big money contributions from companies. They confirmed via yesterday's board meeting notes they are indeed accepting PayPal donations. Unfortunately though, there hasn't been an "annual report" from the X.Org Foundation since 2013, per their annual reports so the current financial health of the organization isn't clear. But at least via SPI there should be greater transparency and better organized moving forward... 14 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related X.Org News X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements X.Org Server 1.19 RC2, Some Prominent XWayland Changes X Input 2.1 Smooth / High Resolution Scrolling Now Supported By Chrome Last Minute XWayland Improvements For X.Org Server 1.19, Including Pointer Warping X.Org Hit By New Round Of Security Issues, Multiple Libraries Affected Libinput X.Org Driver Updated For X.Org Server 1.19 Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Wednesday 16 Nov 2016 / Tehran - 10:43 / GMT - 07:13 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Fri Oct 28, 2016 2:40 Microsoft Unveils New Core i7 Surface Book, All-In-One Surface Studio PC Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Microsoft unveiled several Surface systems — an updated Surface Book with a Core i7 processor starting at $2,399, and a 28-inch AIO (all-in-one) that will start at an eye-watering $3,000. Last year, Microsoft made a splash with its Surface Book and Surface Pro 4. This year, Redmond is simultaneously updating its Surface Book lineup and pushing its hardware in new directions. To-date, all of the Surface hardware has been focused on the laptop and ultraportable market (well, assuming you don’t count the original Microsoft Surface). Let’s start with the Surface Book, since that’s most similar to existing hardware on the market. According to Panos Pinay, the new Surface Book will have twice the graphics performance of its predecessor (which used a custom Nvidia GPU) and 30% more battery life. It uses an Intel Skylake chip, not the newer Kaby Lake, but the difference should be fairly small. Other features of the system, like its two-in-one design, custom hinge, and PixelSense touchscreen are identical between the two Surface Books. Microsoft is promising up to 16 hours of battery life — and that’s no small achievement for a laptop. Outwardly the new Surface Book looks much like the old Surface Book, but Microsoft has added a second cooling fan (this may also account for most of its performance improvements). Microsoft was willing to share more details about the 28-inch Surface Studio. This AIO packs a screen with 4,500×3,000 pixels in a 3:2 aspect ratio and a jaw-dropping 13.5 megapixels. That’s nearly 1.63x more pixels than you’d find in your average 4K monitor — though if I’m being honest, I’d question the need for such a high-resolution display. My own rule of thumb is that if you need to use screen magnification to use the panel, it’s resolution is too high already. 5K panels may make sense if you intend to edit 4K video, since the aspect ratio is the same, but a 3:2 aspect ratio doesn’t cleanly match a 16:9 source, even if the total number of pixels on the Surface Studio is slightly lower than in a 5K (5,120×2,880) panel. The system’s display is just 12.5mm thick (there are entire laptops much thicker than that). It can be manually adjusted to lie nearly flat if you want to use it for drawing or art, or can be mounted in a more traditional fashion. Microsoft is shipping a new hardware peripheral alongside the Surface Studio, dubbed the Surface Dial. The Dial can be used as a forward-and-back tool to step through a drawing. It can also be used to apply filters, change colors, and adjust other aspects of an image. The Surface Dial doesn’t have a dedicated UI interface of its own, Ars Technica reports — instead it seems to detect where it’s been placed and offers contextual options based on where it is on-screen. The Dial is also available for purchase as a stand-alone $99 device, and supports the Surface Pro 3, Pro 4, and the Surface Book. The Studio comes with a Dial packed in, alongside a Surface Mouse and Surface Keyboard. Unlike the new Surface Book, we actually know a number of the specifications for the Surface Studio. At the highest-end, the system will use a 270W integrated PSU, a 2TB “rapid” hard drive (implying either the use of a hybrid cache drive or at least a solid state hybrid drive), an Nvidia GTX 980M, 32GB of RAM, a Core i7 Skylake CPU, integrated 2.1 speakers, and a front-facing 5MP camera. In addition, 802.11ac WiFi, Bluetooth, an SD card reader, 4x USB 3.0 ports, an Ethernet jack, and a mini-DisplayPort connector are standard on all models. Over at Penny Arcade, Gabe has spent some time testing one of the lower-end Surface Studios, with a Core i5, Nvidia GTX 965M, 8GB of RAM, and a 1TB drive. That’s the system Microsoft is debuting at $3,000. If you want the full fat configuration, it’ll cost you just over $4,000. Gabe, however, seems quite taken with the hardware. Microsoft’s persistent support problems When Microsoft announced the Surface RT and Surface Pro, the company was straightforward about its goals: Microsoft didn’t feel its various OEM partners had created solutions that showed off Windows 8 or RT to their best advantages, and it wanted to take the lead in building hardware that consumers would want to buy. Four years into that experiment, the results are decidedly mixed — especially if you factor in Microsoft’s habit of orphaning relatively new devices. Windows Phone 7 users got shafted by Windows Phone 8, and a number of Windows Phone 8 devices weren’t eligible for Windows 10 Mobile. Surface RT and Surface 2 both used ARM processors, and both were hung out to dry when Microsoft killed Windows RT. Nokia fans didn’t exactly get gentle treatment, either. Then there’s the hardware problems. From initially poor hinges on the Surface Book to issues with the Surface 4, to multiple rounds of battery trouble on the Surface Pro 3, the Surface products simply haven’t been quite as robust as Microsoft implied they were. Microsoft’s refusal to honor Panos Panay’s promise to replace dead Surface Pro 3 batteries for just $200 is particularly grating, given the old adage about waiting for Microsoft’s third version of a product before adopting it. Based on the company’s battery problems, I wouldn’t recommend a mobile Surface to anyone who plans to use the device for more than two years. Bill Belichick isn’t exactly a fan, either, though it’s not clear whether that’s the result of poor software, unreliable hardware, or user error. Granted, none of these problems are as serious as Lenovo’s decision to catastrophically break Windows security (on multiple occasions), or Samsung’s decision to block OS updates to protect its USB driver. But these issues shouldn’t still be plaguing a multi-billion dollar company with complete control of its own software stack and at least five years into designing its own hardware (while Microsoft announced Surface a bit over four years ago, development would’ve begun at least a year before that). There are plenty of happy Surface users out there, but the long-term issues that keep cropping up make it impossible for me to unilaterally recommend the product line.         LATEST STORIES (10) American Students Join Anti-Trump Protests across US Eleven Killed, Wounded in Terrorists' Rocket Attack in Western Damascus Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas Syrian Army Discovers Terrorists' 700-Meter-Long Tunnel in Khan Al-Sheih Connecting Damascus to Quneitra Protests, Students Walkouts Mark Week after Trump's Win Yemen Water Crisis Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Operations against ISIL Terrorists West of Mosul Iraqi Forces Take Back Ancient City of Nimrud from ISIL Iraqi Popular Forces Safeguarding Peace in Newly Gained Territories near Mosul Police Violence during Anti-Trump Protests Iran and US: A Tale of Two Elections Supermoon in Iran's Sky Iran Eyeing NITC Listing in Int'l Stock Markets VP: World Admitting Iran's Constructive Role in Maintaining Regional Security Iraqi Interior Minister: Nearly 1,000 ISIL Terrorists Killed, Over 100 Captured in Mosul Operation American Students Join Anti-Trump Protests across US TEHRAN (FNA)- Protesters were not slowing down six days after Donald Trump's election, many of them high school students leaving class by the hundreds to carry signs and flags on the streets of several US cities. [VIDEO] Eleven Killed, Wounded in Terrorists' Rocket Attack in Western Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- Terrorists' rocket fire killed at least two and wounded 9 others in Al-Sumeria region in Western Damascus [PHOTOS] Samples Taken in Syria's Aleppo Prove Militants Used Chlorine Gas TEHRAN (FNA)- Russian military personnel searched a chemical weapons workshop in the ‘1070 District’ of Southwest Aleppo on Monday. The Russian Defense Ministry said that the samples prove that militants used chlorine gas in their attacks. [VIDEO] Syrian Army Discovers Terrorists' 700-Meter-Long Tunnel in Khan Al-Sheih Connecting Damascus to Quneitra TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army troops discovered terrorists' 700-meter-long tunnel in Khan al-Sheih that has been used by the militants for transferring fighters and military supplies between Damascus and Quneitra provinces. [VIDEO] Protests, Students Walkouts Mark Week after Trump's Win TEHRAN (FNA)- Every day in the week since Donald Trump pulled off a stunning presidential election victory, protests have broken out across the country with demonstrators chanting, "Not my president" and "Love Trumps hate." [PHOTOS] Yemen Water Crisis TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi war in Yemen, which has claimed more than 12,000 lives, has caused a serious humanitarian crisis in a country that is already threatened by severe water scarcity. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Continue Operations against ISIL Terrorists West of Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi volunteer forces in a statement announced that Hashd al-Shaabi continued its advances further on the second day of the third phase of the military operations in areas to the West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Iraqi Forces Take Back Ancient City of Nimrud from ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraq's joint military forces took back the city of Nimrud in Northern Iraq from ISIL, but the terrorist group has ransacked and bulldozed many of its centuries-old archaeological sites. [VIDEO] Iraqi Popular Forces Safeguarding Peace in Newly Gained Territories near Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular forces are protecting the recently liberated villages and their people in Mosul region from possible attack by ISIL terrorists as they are also preparing for upcoming battles to purge ISIL from Iraq. [PHOTOS] Police Violence during Anti-Trump Protests TEHRAN (FNA)- Violence has broken out at anti-Trump rallies across America overnight as tens of thousands marched against the President-elect. [CARTOON] Iran and US: A Tale of Two Elections TEHRAN (FNA)- When media outlets in the West give their opinion, they are liberal. When media outlets in other parts of the world give their opinion, they are lackeys. Supermoon in Iran's Sky TEHRAN (FNA)- On Monday night, the moon was 30,000km closer to the Earth, offering an impressive spectacle to skygazers. [PHOTOS] Iran Eyeing NITC Listing in Int'l Stock Markets TEHRAN (FNA)- Managing Director of the National Iranian Tanker Company Sirous Kian-Ersi announced that his company is planning to enlist the NITC in the international bourse market. VP: World Admitting Iran's Constructive Role in Maintaining Regional Security TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian First Vice President Eshaq Jahangiri underlined that the world countries have acknowledged Iran's positive and constructive role in the establishment of peace and security in the region. Iraqi Interior Minister: Nearly 1,000 ISIL Terrorists Killed, Over 100 Captured in Mosul Operation TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Interior Ministry Spokesman Sa'ad Ma'an announced that 955 ISIL terrorists have been killed and 108 others arrested during the Mosul Liberation Operation in the last fifve weeks. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2016 ©
Sign In Sign Up Toggle navigation News Latest Manufacturing Power Plants Markets & Finance By Region Europe Americas Asia & Oceania Africa & Middle East Manufacturing Latest Fab & Facilities Materials Cell Processing Modules Thin-Film News Editors' Blog Guest Blog Features Interviews Products Power Plants Latest Inverters Balance of System Operations & Maintenance Storage Grids Off-Grid BIPV Projects News Editors' Blog Guest Blog Features Interviews Products Markets & Finance Latest Policy Companies Financial & Legal People News Editors' Blog Guest Blog Features Interviews Products Solar Intel PV Manufacturing & Technology Quarterly report UK Reports Report 4: Completed Assets Report 3: Opportunity Pipeline Report 2: Top-Tier Business Models Report 1: Top-500 Events Event Calendar Webinars Jobs PapersTechnical Papers Latest Cell Processing Design & Build Fab & Facilities Financial, Legal, Professional Market Watch Materials Plant Performance Power Generation PV Modules Storage & Grids System Integration Thin Film Publications Photovoltaics International Overview Subscriptions Archive Advertising PV-Tech Power Overview Subscriptions Archive Advertising Technical Annuals Overview Subscriptions Archive PV-Tech PRO杂志 Products Projects Latest By Size Under 50kW 50kW to under 200kW 200kW to under 1MW 1MW to under 5MW 5MW to under 10MW Over 10MW By Type BIPV Systems Commercial Rooftop Ground Mounted Off-Grid Tariffs Events Event Calendar Webinars Jobs Technical Papers Cell Processing Design & Build Fab & Facilities Financial, Legal, Professional Market Watch Materials Plant Performance Power Generation PV Modules Storage & Grids System Integration Thin Film Publications Photovoltaics International PV-Tech Power Technical Annuals PV-Tech Pro Editors' Blog Guest Blog Features Interviews Products Projects By Size Under 50kW 50kW to under 200kW 200kW to under 1MW 1MW to under 5MW 5MW to under 10MW Over 10MW By Type BIPV Systems Commercial Rooftop Ground Mounted Off-Grid Tariffs Premium Services Memberships Publication Subscriptions Photovoltaics International PV-Tech Power About PV-Tech About Advertising Contact Sign In Sign Up Search More in News, Power Plants, Projects, Markets & Finance, Policy, Asia & Oceania, Southeast Asia & Oceania, Southeast Asia JinkoSolar plans 40MW solar project in Vietnam By Tom Kenning Oct 28, 2016 10:05 AM BST Share The project will only proceed upon announcement of Feed-in-Tariff (FiT) program in Vietnam. Flickr: JinkoSolar ‘Silicon Module Super League’ (SMSL) member JinkoSolar plans to build a 40MW solar PV plant in Vietnam, a company spokesperson has confirmed. The project will be located across 50 hectares in Phung Hiep district’s Hoa An commune in the Mekong Delta province. The spokesperson told PV Tech: ”It’s still an early stage project although we have received approval from the provincial government on the investment. The project will only proceed upon announcement of Feed-in-Tariff (FiT) program in Vietnam.” Reports surfaced this Autumn on the Vietnam government preparing legislation around subsidies for solar, having released a draft in 2015 and developing this further in the first half of the current year. These reports suggest that the FiT will be set at US$0.112/kWh for utility-scale grid-connected PV projects. Meanwhile rooftop solar will receive net metering credits of between US$0.15-0.18/kWh. Electricity Vietnam (EVN), the monopoly holding utility in Vietnam, will purchase all the power form such projects. Back in July, JinkoSolar signed its first power purchase agreements (PPAs) for solar PV projects outside China with 188MW of capacity ready to develop in Mexico. Solar & Off-Grid Renewables Southeast Asia 2016 returns for a fourth year in November. This is the distinguished, must-attend event for solar PV companies looking to secure profitable business across the booming Southeast Asian market. Co-location with our established Solar Finance & Investment conference provides an additional day of bespoke content and offers a deeper dive into issues around clean energy financing and long term capital investments across the region. Click here for more information and to register. Tags: vietnam, off-grid renewables se asia, mekong delta, fit, net metering, jinkosolar Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related News Victoria to reward solar households for supply during peak hours The Victorian government in Australia has confirmed plans to give a AU$ 0.30/kWh (US$0.23) payment to residential solar system owners that supply electricity to the grid during peak hours. First Solar to add 200MW in 2017 to power plant in Dubai Leading thin-film module manufacturer First Solar has completed the (52.5MW AC) Shams Ma'an PV power plant in Jordan, while noting plans to add a further 200MW at the Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum Solar Park in Dubai in 2017. NTPC awards Asia’s first integrated solar thermal contract in India Indian energy firm Thermax and German concentrated solar power (CSP) company Frenell have been awarded a contract for what is claimed to be Asia’s first integrated solar thermal power plant by India’s largest utility NTPC. Latest News SPONSORED: Enhance glass/glass PV modules by using POE-based encapsulant films As demand for glass/glass modules increases, a rethink on encapsulant materials may be required, suggests Dow. Vasari Energy to expand Arizona PV projects to 140MW worth of generation capacity Vasari Energy announced that it is expanding its utility-scale solar projects in Maricopa County and Gild Bend, Arizona — doubling the company’s solar generation installations within the state and boosting capacity from 68MW to 140MW. Ascent Solar’s sales showed signs of life in Q3 Struggling flexible CIGS thin-film consumer product producer Ascent Solar Technologies third quarter 2016 sales almost doubled but losses continue to mount. Subscribe to our daily email newsletter Subscribe Preview Most Popular Trump will kill Clean Power Plan, solar ITC next on chopping block, say finance experts 1 Everything you need to know about energy policy under President Trump 2 SunPower reducing IBC solar cell production capacity on competitive issues 3 Trump US President-elect: uncertainty looms for US energy industry 4 Nevada votes to end NV Energy monopoly 5 In the past 7 days Partners EU PVSEC Intersolar SNEC Solarserver Solar Expo The Whitehouse Consultancy BGS Solar Renewable Energy India Expo Acknowledgements Fraunhofer Ise Moserbaer PV Motech Neo Solar Power Sharp Suntech Trina Solar Solar Media Energy Storage News PV-Tech 每日光伏新闻 Solar Power Portal Clean Energy News Solar Energy Events Solar Intelligence Memberships About Advertising Contact Partners Acknowledgements Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Cookies © Solar Media Limited 2016 Bot Name × Email Newsletter Email * Firstname * Lastname * Company * Job Title * Company Activity * Academic & Research EstablishmentAnalystBIPVBuilding & ConstructionBuilding & Construction - House DeveloperBuilding & Construction - House BuilderBuilding & Construction - ArchitectBuilding & Construction - Commercial BuildingsConsultancyConsultancy - Grid ConnectionConsultancy - Technical ConsultantConsultancy - DesignConsultancy - PlanningConsultancy - Energy ManagementConsultancy - Tax Advisor/AccountantConsultancy - FinancialDeveloper (Renewables)Distributor/WholesalerEducation and TrainingEnergy ManagementEnergy Management - Metering/Monitoring/MappingEnergy Management - SoftwareEnergy Management - AppsEnergy Management - Energy EfficiencyEnergy Management - Energy StorageEPCElectric Vehicles (EV)Electric Vehicles (EV) - ManufacturerElectric Vehicles (EV) - InfrastructureElectric Vehicles (EV) - Batteries/StorageFinanceFinance - AdvisorFinance - Asset/Fund ManagerFinance - BankFinance - Development BankFinance - FundFinance - Institutional InvestorFinance - Private EquityFinance - VC/Angel InvestorFinance - Sovereign WealthFinance - Residential SolarFinance - InsuranceGovernmentGovernment - DepartmentGovernment - Public BodyGovernment - Intergovernmental OrganisationGovernment - ParastatalGovernment - EmbassyHousing AssociationIndependent Power ProducerInstallationInstallation - Heating EngineersInstallation - Other RenewablesInstallation - Plumbing ContractorInstallation - Renewable Heat/Solar ThermalInstallation - Roofing ContractorInstallation - Solar PVInstallation - Electrical ContractorInstallation - Tracking SystemsLand AgentLandownerLarge Energy User -Large Energy User - Public SectorLarge Energy User - CommercialLegalLocal AuthorityLocal Authority - PlannersLocal Authority - SchoolsLocal Authority - HospitalsLocal Authority - Roads/TransportLocal Authority - InfrastructureLocal Authority - FinanceLogisticsLogistics - TransportManufacturerManufacturer - InverterManufacturer - UpstreamManufacturer - ModuleManufacturer - StorageManufacturer - Cables & ConnectorsManufacturer - Racking/Mounting SystemsManufacturer - SwitchesManufacturer - Renewable HeatManufacturer - Safety & SecurityMicrogenerationO&MO&M - Maintenance & SupportO&M - Asset Manager/OperatorO&M - Technical AdvisorOffgridOffgrid - Solar Home SystemsOffgrid - Solar LightingOffgrid - Micro GridOffgrid - DesalinisationOffgrid - Commercial & IndustrialOtherPR/Media/PartnershipsPR/Media/Partnerships - Digital/CommunicationsPR/Media/Partnerships - Associations/Trade BodyPR/Media/Partnerships - Press/Magazine/JournalsRecruitmentTelecommsTelecomms - Mobile PaymentsTelecomms - Smart GridTelecomms - ICTTesting & CertificationUtilitiesUtilities - Grid DNOUtilities - Energy & PowerUtilities - Non Energy & Power Phone Number I would like to receive information from carefully selected 3rd parties that may have products and services of interest to me * Indicates required Subscribe × Would you like to subscribe to our newsletter? We send out a daily email newsletter with the latest in depth news and analysis. Here is a preview. Would you like to subscribe? Yes, I want to subscribe No × Search Search Term Search × Sign In Email Password Forgot password? Keep me signed in Sign Up Sign In × Sign Up Email * Password * Confirm Password * Prefix * MrMsMrsDr Firstname * Lastname * Job Title * Company * Company Activity * Academic & Research EstablishmentAnalystBIPVBuilding & ConstructionBuilding & Construction - House DeveloperBuilding & Construction - House BuilderBuilding & Construction - ArchitectBuilding & Construction - Commercial BuildingsConsultancyConsultancy - Grid ConnectionConsultancy - Technical ConsultantConsultancy - DesignConsultancy - PlanningConsultancy - Energy ManagementConsultancy - Tax Advisor/AccountantConsultancy - FinancialDeveloper (Renewables)Distributor/WholesalerEducation and TrainingEnergy ManagementEnergy Management - Metering/Monitoring/MappingEnergy Management - SoftwareEnergy Management - AppsEnergy Management - Energy EfficiencyEnergy Management - Energy StorageEPCElectric Vehicles (EV)Electric Vehicles (EV) - ManufacturerElectric Vehicles (EV) - InfrastructureElectric Vehicles (EV) - Batteries/StorageFinanceFinance - AdvisorFinance - Asset/Fund ManagerFinance - BankFinance - Development BankFinance - FundFinance - Institutional InvestorFinance - Private EquityFinance - VC/Angel InvestorFinance - Sovereign WealthFinance - Residential SolarFinance - InsuranceGovernmentGovernment - DepartmentGovernment - Public BodyGovernment - Intergovernmental OrganisationGovernment - ParastatalGovernment - EmbassyHousing AssociationIndependent Power ProducerInstallationInstallation - Heating EngineersInstallation - Other RenewablesInstallation - Plumbing ContractorInstallation - Renewable Heat/Solar ThermalInstallation - Roofing ContractorInstallation - Solar PVInstallation - Electrical ContractorInstallation - Tracking SystemsLand AgentLandownerLarge Energy User -Large Energy User - Public SectorLarge Energy User - CommercialLegalLocal AuthorityLocal Authority - PlannersLocal Authority - SchoolsLocal Authority - HospitalsLocal Authority - Roads/TransportLocal Authority - InfrastructureLocal Authority - FinanceLogisticsLogistics - TransportManufacturerManufacturer - InverterManufacturer - UpstreamManufacturer - ModuleManufacturer - StorageManufacturer - Cables & ConnectorsManufacturer - Racking/Mounting SystemsManufacturer - SwitchesManufacturer - Renewable HeatManufacturer - Safety & SecurityMicrogenerationO&MO&M - Maintenance & SupportO&M - Asset Manager/OperatorO&M - Technical AdvisorOffgridOffgrid - Solar Home SystemsOffgrid - Solar LightingOffgrid - Micro GridOffgrid - DesalinisationOffgrid - Commercial & IndustrialOtherPR/Media/PartnershipsPR/Media/Partnerships - Digital/CommunicationsPR/Media/Partnerships - Associations/Trade BodyPR/Media/Partnerships - Press/Magazine/JournalsRecruitmentTelecommsTelecomms - Mobile PaymentsTelecomms - Smart GridTelecomms - ICTTesting & CertificationUtilitiesUtilities - Grid DNOUtilities - Energy & PowerUtilities - Non Energy & Power Phone Number Subscribe me to PV-Tech Newsletter I would like to receive information from carefully selected 3rd parties that may have products and services of interest to me I accept Terms of Use * * Indicates required Sign In Sign Up × Forgot Password Email Request Password Reset × Featured Events... Solar & Off-Grid Renewables Southeast Asia Solar Finance & Investment Southeast Asia 29 November - 01 December 2016 Impact Arena, Bangkok, Thailand Book Now! Hide This
Today: November 16, 2016, 8:12 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Computer & Technology How to Make Your Own DVD/Bluray Movies with DVDFab? PR-Inside.com: 2016-10-28 10:41:10 There are many software packages are presented in the market to burn and share the file from one memory space to another. To achieve these actions, the DVD copy software is mainly used. This kind of software programs are supported with both windows and Mac operating systems. The copy software is derived from famous online retails like fab stores where the products are having best part of resources for different applications. The best reviews for DVDFab DVD Copy have been updated on the official site. The copy program is used to copy, burn and also compress the file. The settings and other customization options available in this application is very useful and easy to handle by anybody. The burning and copying speed of this copy software is attractive for the users. The type premium based software stores are providing best quality ripper and music players for their customers. The shop has been opted with Intel software store and gives their best. Different DVD versions are available with variety of configuration. Those DVDs can be copied or make the clone with different modes. Based on the user specification the burning process can be carried by these DVD copy software. The large movie files are easily burned with in 15 to 20 minutes. You can also make the changes on setting to split or merge the file based on the requirement. The basic operating system specification for this software is windows and Mac versions. The features and process of copying with DVD copy software The main feature f this copy software is the user can arrange the content of the file with many operations and modes. You can also copy the file from DVD to your systems hard drive with the help of copy program derived from the fab store. The customized settings in this program can provide the option to select different mode of copying operation. The copy software is imparting powerful functions on copy, burn or split the audio or video files. The users can interface with this software with variety of languages. This copy program has been carrying the other important facility of fast speed burning and you can also enable the subtitle option for the copied video files. The reviews for DVDFab DVD Copy software maintain the advanced technology based settings and configurations to copy the files. You can control this program with easy manner and the overall burning process done by easy methods also. The fab store provides other free tools to make the manipulation on the files including transfer and decryption software. After making the installation of DVD copy program, you have to select the DVD disc where you want to send the burned files. After the disc is detected, it is the choice to select the correct mode based on the process like copy, clone or burning. The user can also add subtitle setting with the copied file. All the preview methods are present on this online retail. Press Information DVDFab Software Lucy Liu Marketing Specialist +861084913343 email www.dvdfab.cn Published by Lucy Liu +861084919812 e-mail www.dvdfab.cn/ # 491 Words Related Articles More From The Author DVDFab 2016 Halloween Promo: No Tricks but [..] On October 21, Fengtao Software, the industry leader in the field of DVD, Blu-ray and video backup solutions, rolls out [..] SothinkMedia Halloween Deals for 2016 — 30% [..] October 20, 2016, Beijing, China — SothinkMedia Software, the famous multimedia software developer specializing in the field [..] Why the 256GB Model iPhone 7 Plus [..] This week Apple must have been very busy shipping the new iPhone 7 and its larger sibling 7 Plus models [..] Finding a Good Piece of DVD Maker [..] It is estimated that DVDs are going to perish sooner or later from this world. According to the evolution rule [..] How Much do You Know about Sothink [..] Despite the fact that DVDs have already lost the charismas in the war against the Blu-rays since a considerable long [..]   More From Computer & Technology Gigamon To Showcase Its Innovative Visibility Fabric [..] Dubai, UAE – November 14, 2016: Gigamon, the leader in traffic visibility solutions, announced its participation as Silver Sponsor [..] Eng Safwan Al Khatib receives Lifetime Achievement [..] Smart Link Contact Centers, a leading business process and contact centre outsourcing provider in Saudi Arabia, announced that [..] Suprema BioMini Combo now supports Android SEOUL, Nov 8, 2016 - (ACN Newswire) - Suprema, Inc., a leading global provider of biometrics and ID solutions, today [..] Mimecast Addressed Effective Protection Against Ransomware at [..] Dubai, UAE – November 3, 2016 – Mimecast Limited (NASDAQ: MIME), a leading email and data security company, participated in [..] First Ipswitch File Transfer Training Centre Keen to follow up their success in attaining Ipswitch’s inaugural File Transfer Partner Of The Year, Pro2col approached Ipswitch [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand Bad Apple: Here’s why it should be providing adaptors with the MacBooks Sahil Mohan Gupta Oct 28, 2016, 11.48 AM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Image Credit Apple in typical fashion swooped in last evening and announced a new generation of its MacBook Pro laptop which is its flagship offering. Now, these are state of the art machines and are meant for professionals. In terms of hardware, these are possibly the best notebooks ever made with a new innovative new Touch Bar, the latest Intel processors and AMD’s polaris GPUs which offer up to 100 percent improvement in gaming performance. They also come with the largest track pad we’ve seen on a notebook, a better screen, and speakers – all in a package which is significantly slimmer and lighter. So what’s the problem? A paucity of ports. Just like the MacBook retina display and the new iPhone 7, Apple has killed the HDMI port, the standard USB, the magsafe connector and the old thunderbolt connector. Apple is known for its forward thinking approach and I don’t mind it. Even in the case of the iPhone 7 when it killed the 3.5mm jack, it had the decency to provide a 3.5mm to lightening adaptor and I didn’t mind it. When Apple didn’t provide adaptors in the case of the MacBook retina display which was an ultra-portable notebook aimed at a user who didn’t need many ports, this was understandable, but this time around, I don’t agree with the Cupertino based giant. Here’s why. 1. The most baffling bit is that if you’re an iPhone or iPad owner you can’t connect them to the new Macs as they use the standard USB while these machines come with the USB Type C connector. Again an adaptor is needed. What happened to Apple’s well know product synergy? 2. MacBook Pros are meant for professionals who are used to using standardised gear that they have been using for years. Removing the ports with the interoperable USB Type C port is a great idea on paper as it can be used as an HDMI or VGA or thunderbolt or USB, but when there are no ports legacy hardware becomes unusable on day one. A pro notebook is no use if these ports aren’t usable from the get go. People need to get shit done! 3. For notebooks that start in excess of Rs 1 lakh, not having an adaptor for the various ports is unforgivable. Apple is the richest company in the world, and this is a case of being cheap. Moreover, even a company like Asus provides an adaptor which can morph the single USB Type C connector into a hub for HDMI, USB and USB Type C – all at one time. Why can’t Apple do that? 4. These adaptors are also very expensive, especially when they come from Apple and they are a horrible way of getting work done. It is bad enough that you need to use an adaptor, you also need to shell out a lot of cash for them. Very bad indeed. 5. As I have seen with the fast inflow of USB Type C cables, most of these initially weren’t built to an industry standard specification and some of the cheap ones ended up damaging phones. If Apple doesn’t provide an adaptor in the market, the grey market will be quickly flooded with them which will be bad for the uninformed consumer who may risk damaging his machine with a faulty adaptor that Apple hasn’t certified. You need to just take a round of Beijing’s electronics market to know how many fake Apple goods are created and sold there. Heck, Delhi’s Nehru place wouldn’t be a bad start too. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: SmartphonesMacBook ProiPhoneAppleGadgets Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryXiaomi Mi 5s: When metallic elegance meets comfort Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Lenovo now no. 2 smartphone brand in India, overall market crosses 30 million mark WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone If the rumours are true OnePlus 3T will be the first phone with 8GB RAM Related stories How to watch today's Apple MacBook Pro launch live Apple Rolls Out 15" MacBook Pro with Force Touch and Cheaper iMac Retina Royal rumble: The MacBook Pro vs the Surface Book i7 The Cheapest Way to Buy the New MacBook Pro Apple's New MacBook Pro: Everything You Need to Know Leaked Images Show OLED Touch Panel On The New Macbook Pro Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now How to know if the ATM nearby has cash or not WhatsApp Video Calls coming today to Android, iOS and Windows Phone Samsung's Galaxy S8 will launch in two big screen variants to seduce Galaxy Note users Lenovo now no. 2 smartphone brand in India, overall market crosses 30 million mark OnePlus's new flagship killer goes official: here's everything we know Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked India goes cashless: Paytm crosses 50 million downloads on Google play Store You can't go wrong with Marshall's new Bluetooth headsets Super Mario Run coming to iPhone and iPad on Dec 15 Reliance Group joins Cisco Jasper to make India IoT-enabled Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Oct 28 2016. 02 49 PM IST Last-minute gadget gifts for Diwali For those who are yet to buy a Diwali gift for a geeky friend or family member, Amazon and Flipkart still have some interesting deals Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Abhijit Ahaskar Asus Chromebit-B019C, Kindle‘s entry-level mode, and Skullcandy Uproar S5URHW-509 are some interesting gift options If you have been busy at work and missed taking advantage of the ongoing Diwali festivals on online stores, there is still some time as the third round of the sales will continue for a couple more days. And if you need to gift something to a geeky relative or friend, here are some interesting options for you. Fitbit Flex 2 Price: Rs7,599 (earlier Rs9,499) Amazon.in The recently-launched Fitbit Flex 2 is the successor to the Flex. Not only does it look slimmer but is more durable due to the water-proof exterior. You can take it out in rain or wear it while taking a swim. It provides activity tracking, sleep tracking, calorie counter and call and message notifications on the connected phone. You can see all your progress on the Fitbit app. Flex 2 works with both Android and iOS and provides a battery backup of up to five days. Asus Chromebit-B019C Price: Rs6,790 (earlier Rs7,999) Amazon.in How about gifting a complete PC to someone? Wait, no, we are not talking about that huge combination of a CPU, monitor and some assorted accessories with it. Asus Chromebit is a PC on stick on similar lines as Intel Stick, but runs Google’s Chrome OS and not Windows OS. It can connect with any monitor, or TV and convert it into a PC-running Chrome OS. It is powered by Rockchip quad-core RK3288C processor with 2 GB RAM and offers 16GB flash storage and 100GB of cloud storage. It is powerful enough for basic tasks. It supports WiFi so you can download Chrome apps and with Bluetooth compatibility can pair it with a Bluetooth keyboard and use it for work. Skullcandy Uproar S5URHW-509 Price: Rs2,999 (earlier Rs5,999) Flipkart.com This is a wireless on-the-ear headphone which works with all Bluetooth-ready Android smartphones, Apple iPhones and iPods. It comes in grey black, uses a soft padding inside the earcups and is sweat-resistant. You can’t fold the head bar but you can stretch it to fit into big heads. It comes with a one-year warranty and if you own a CitiBank credit or debit card you can save up to 15% more through cashback offers. All-New Kindle E-reader Price: Rs4,989 (earlier Rs5,999) Amazon.in If you have an avid reader in the family, Kindle‘s entry-level model can be an interesting option. It doesn’t have a front-lit display like its more expensive sibling, the Kindle Paperwhite. The 6-inch glare-free e-ink display makes reading on it a lot more convenient than reading on a big-screen phone or tablet. It supports touch gestures which makes flipping pages or navigating a lot easier. It lasts a whole week on one charge and supports WiFi connectivity. Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End Price: Rs2,650 (earlier Rs3,999) Amazon.in For game buffs with Sony PlayStation 4, this PlayStation-exclusive game is a solid time-killer. Developed by Naughty Dogs and published by Sony Interactive, the game was unveiled at the E3 gaming event early this year and was released worldwide in May 2016. This is a third person action adventure game where game protagonist Nathan Drake is on a treasure quest with his brother. The game’s rich graphics, string storyline and immersive gameplay make it one of the most popular games in the genre. There are talks about a movie on Uncharted 4, which will be directed by Stranger Things director Shawn Levy. Eon Qube Bluetooth Speaker Rs2,999 (earlier Rs4,995) Flipkart.com Eon Qube is a unique portable speaker designed like a cube, hence the name. It comes in a single black colour variant with plastic exterior. It can be used wirelessly and is compatible with all Android Smartphone and Apple iPhones with Bluetooth 3.0 and higher. The Bluetooth radius is 10 metres which means you can use it in large rooms. It comes with a microSD card slot, so you can play music without involving a smartphone. On a single charge, it can last four hours. Redgear Pro Series wireless gamepad Price: Rs1,099 (earlier Rs1,599) Amazon.in For PC gamers who are into football or racing games, a keyboard can never match the comfort that a game controller offers. Redgear’s Pro Series wireless controller for Windows PC offers all the buttons and controls that are available to a console user. It runs on a built-in battery that lasts up to 10 hours of non-stop gaming. The ABXY keys are backlit which makes using it in the dark easy. It weighs 470g and comes in black colour only. It works with Windows 7, 8 and 10. Abhijit Ahaskar Topics: Asus ChromebitDiwali GiftsAmazon.InKindle ReaderBluetooth Speaker More from this Section WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Air purifiers keep indoor pollutants at bay Bose QuietComfort 35 vs Sennheiser PXC 550: Turn that noise down How Walnut mobile app can help you find an ATM that is active Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Fri, Oct 28 2016. 12 22 PM IST Latest News WhatsApp video-calling: How to use it on your smartphone News in Numbers | 9 new bills in line to be listed in Parliament’s winter session Boom time for Asia’s plastic makers Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News OnePlus 3T: The One Plus 3 is evolving Land-related conflicts in India threaten investments of Rs12 trillion, says report 20 nations sign International Solar Alliance framework agreement in Marrakesh Narendra Modi hopes for fruitful Parliament winter session Rahul Gandhi: No rich person, industrialist standing in queues outside banks Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland Design thinking brought to a new level through VR Is Calexit in the works? Silicon Valley investors call for California independence Donald Trump: The shock president Silicon Valley disdains Skibbereen success: Death to small town syndrome And so it begins: Messenger expanding sponsored chats Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news Samsung makes massive $8bn bet on connected cars Siemens closes in on $4.5bn Mentor Graphics deal Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 412m AdultFriendFinder network accounts exposed in massive breach MHC Tech Law: When can you resell software? The five-minute CIO: Alex Stamos, CSO, Facebook India’s surprise rupee chop a dream for fintech companies What is the rest of the world searching about Donald Trump? Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate Clever Virgin offer puts WhatsApp and Messenger centre stage Siro CEO: ‘Fibre is about enabling a greater future for Ireland’ Siro claims 36,500 FTTH homes as 1Gbps fibre race steps up a gear Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up Web Summit Lisbon shines a harsh light on Dublin’s rickety infrastructure Start-up of the week: Veri Integrated Training Dogpatch has a new patch – 40,000 sq ft extra space includes urban garden Female entrepreneurs welcomed for €500,000 start-up fund OpenBack wins €25,000 ESB Spark of Genius 2016 prize ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One 10 changes of the future: Bye bye apps, hello robots and blockchain Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn It’s time for young researchers to have a voice How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ BMW: ‘Supercomputers, AI and 5G crucial to make self-driving real’ ‘Harry Potter invisibility cloak’ developed for photonic chips Facebook’s AI revolution will start with Picasso-like photo filters How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS In a dark week, we find light in career development Maths considered most difficult third-level STEM subject Interest in cybersecurity spikes due to US election Irish jobs dry spell creates opportunity for career growth College & Beyond event helps young women develop STEM careers How unusual recruitment methods attract better candidates I have just graduated. What do I do now? To close the tech skills gap, developing interest is essential What do you need to do to become a super boss? How do top companies attract top talent? Want a career in software? These are the most important skills Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 20 incredible women leading the way to scientific advancement Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase Lorna Ross: Innovation is all about timing, not good ideas Fjord’s Mark Curtis: ‘Design thinking must not become a management fad’ Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? DocuSign opens new R&D operation in Dublin to counter cyber threats Aviva opens new digital hub creating 50 jobs in Galway Storyful plans job growth as it opens new Dublin office Hundreds of sci-tech jobs announced across 9 companies in Ireland IoT company Smartfrog to fill 35 new jobs in Dublin ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING In wake of Donald Trump victory, Microsoft thinks we need a ‘digital reset’ Waking The Feminists: One year on How many selfies do you take before landing on the perfect one? Senan Byrne, Ireland’s biggest Vine star, reacts to its death Dublin City Marathon is getting faster, older and more male 10 amazing images that bagged wildlife photography awards Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way Emoji alert: Breastfeeding, UFOs, vampires and hijabs on the way? WhatsApp ups its offering with GIF support on iOS 6 great gift ideas for lovers of Irish creativity Samsung pins its hopes on AI assistant in Galaxy S8 WhatsApp about to steal some of Snapchat’s ideas You can now recreate Ireland in Minecraft with OSI maps Can you recognise the main rooms from your favourite TV shows? ‘No Man’s Sky was a mistake’: Hello Games deletes inflammatory tweet (updated) Nintendo Switch: 6 games you can play on the console TV wars continue as Sky reveals mobile app Red Dead Redemption 2 finally confirmed for 2017 release Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? Reports of your death have been greatly exaggerated – by Facebook Canada immigration website crashes as US deals with Donald Trump win Twitter reacts to Donald Trump winning US presidency Who will win the US presidential election? Google calling it first See how Earth’s population grew over time ALL How can colleges ensure everyone gets a chance? Is ‘Peers Inc’ the latest industrial revolution? How social media helped save codebreaking’s true home David Hennessy: Making Three plus O2 equal one The working life is changing fast, companies need to catch up Nora Khaldi on being both a scientist and an engineer ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT GEAR Rebirth of the laptop: New MacBook comes with Touch Bar and USB-C ports by John Kennedy 28 Oct 201611 Shares The new MacBook Pro with the all-new Touch Bar and four Thunderbolt 3 connectors. Has the laptop been reborn? Image: Apple Apple has taken the wrappers off three new MacBook Pro laptops that come with four USB-C ports, two of which sport the new Touch Bar. On first perusal, the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro seems well thought out, with its matte finish and brightness that is consistent with the rest of the keyboard. It effectively replaces the traditional row of function keys and adjusts according to what applications you are running, such as Final Cut Pro. ‘It’s fitting that this all-new generation of MacBook Pro is the biggest leap forward yet’ – PHIL SCHILLER As expected, it features Touch ID, which adds a new security layer but also brings Apple Pay into the broader e-commerce world in a physical way, from a desktop perspective. Specs of new MacBook Pro machines The new MacBookPro comes with universal Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports that integrate data transfer, charging and video output in a single connector. The two MacBook Pro devices revealed come with four of these ports which mean you can charge or transfer data at 40Gbps from any direction. The ports also support up to two 5K displays. Apple also claimed that the display on the new MacBook is the thinnest and brightest yet, at 0.88mm and 67pc brighter than the older model, at 500 nits of brightness. Interestingly, the LEDs involved in the display consume 30pc less energy than previous generations. The new MacBook Pro machines come with 6th generation dual-core i5 Intel processors and quad-core i7 processors, making it the most powerful MacBook so far, according to Apple. At 14.9mm thin, the 13in MacBook Pro is 17pc thinner and has 23pc less volume than the previous model. At three pounds, it is nearly half a pound lighter. The new 15in MacBook Pro, at 15.5mm thin, is 14pc thinner and has 20pc less volume than before, weighing four pounds. “This week marks the 25th anniversary of Apple’s first notebook; through the years, each generation has introduced new innovations and capabilities, and it’s fitting that this all-new generation of MacBook Pro is the biggest leap forward yet,” said Phil Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “With the groundbreaking new Touch Bar, the convenience of Touch ID, the best Mac display ever, powerful performance, improved audio, blazing fast storage and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity in our thinnest and lightest Pro notebook yet, the new MacBook Pro is the most advanced notebook ever made.” Pricing and availability The 13in MacBook Pro starts at €1,749, features a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds of up to 3.1 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships today. The 13in MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID starts at €2,099, and features a 2.9 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds of up to 3.3 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. The 15in MacBook Pro starts at €2,799, with Touch Bar and Touch ID, a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds of up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. Related: MacBook, Apple, e-commerce, infosec, computers Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Gear Return of the Mac: Is Apple planning a major reveal for 27 October? 19 Oct 201610 Shares Hiring Now Be part of a globally successful team A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Companies iPhone sales beat expectations as Apple reports $46.9bn Q4 25 Oct 201619 Shares Business Weekend takeaway: News Feed is 10, but no joy of text for the Irish 9 Sep 201611 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Zombie machines and the data apocalypse: deliver us from evil 24 Oct 201618 Shares Enterprise Samsung downplays Def Con 24 claims that Samsung Pay can be hacked 10 Aug 20166 Shares Companies Countdown’s Nick Hewer: ‘Amstrad should have been bigger than Apple’ 6 Sep 201653 Shares Latest News Next generation key to helping family firms survive digital disruption 14 hours ago Back to the Future fashion inspires solar-powered clothing 14 hours ago Researchers find new answer to origin of the rings of Saturn 15 hours ago It’s time for young researchers to have a voice 15 hours ago Vodafone Ireland to invest €250m in Gigabit Society transformation 15 hours ago Chinese group shows $1bn interest in IDG acquisition 16 hours ago How materials science is forging a new path in medicine 18 hours ago New wearable terahertz scanner could revolutionise medicine 19 hours ago Black Friday deals: Where are the best early offers? 20 hours ago Report suggests evangelical IoT predictions are a ‘triumph of hope over reality’ 20 hours ago 10 women whose passion for science is out of this world 22 hours ago Leaders’ Insights: Karl McDermott, Three Ireland 22 hours ago Osteoporosis test developed at UL to benefit millions of people 22 hours ago Want to know the 5 hottest jobs in life science? 22 hours ago Apple could be getting into AR hardware in a big way 22 hours ago Quantum computing breakthrough by Tyndall researchers 23 hours ago Facebook in midst of mutiny as staff form group to tackle fake news 23 hours ago Revealed: The deplorable state of broadband in Ireland 23 hours ago Humming asthma treatment wins SciFest 2016 for Kildare student 1 day ago Lack of broadband is forcing rural businesses to relocate 1 day ago Ludgate Digital Hub invests €45,000 in online education start-up 1 day ago The Dukes are at it again: Major phishing campaign post-election 1 day ago Prof Mark Ferguson: Serial entrepreneurs are the lifeblood of Irish research 1 day ago European AI expert Prof Barry O’Sullivan named SFI Researcher of the Year 2016 1 day ago More from Life Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2016 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
null
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Atomic  »  Review Review: Crucial MX300 SSD by  Ben Mansill  |  Friday 28 October 2016  | Comment Now Rating Overall: 45 "The large capacity makes it very appealing as an app or games drive..." Price $112 AUD 275GB $207 AUD 525GB $299 AUD 750GB $422 AUD 1TB > Pricing info Specs 3D NAND flash • 2.5-inch SATA 3 Tweet Email this Print this Feedback 3D NAND-based SSDs offer superb value. Micron; Crucial’s parent company, is the second to market with 3D NAND flash in a consumer SSD, which it developed with Intel. Samsung was the first, and uses its own implementation for the 850 Pro range. This Crucial product is shipping as a ‘Limited Edition’ SSD, because as Micron ramps up 3D NAND production it intends to diversify the range of products it’s used with to include M.2 SSDs along with SATA SSDs of different capacity. Indeed, the 750GB capacity we see here is an unusual size, and comes from the size of each memory chip multiplied by this desired sweet spot. This is a mid-range performance and budget-priced drive, and the price is phenomenal. At around $300 on the street, it equates to a remarkable .39c per GB, which is a new low for PCTA-reviewed SSDs. Performance isn’t compromised, Crucial state a top throughput of 530MB/s sequential read, and 510MB/s sequential write. We didn’t quite get there in testing, recording a still respectable 481MB/s read and 451MB/s write, on a new i5 6600K Z170 system with a fresh Windows 10 install.  You will want to be careful not to fill this drive to capacity as performance can slow if there isn’t enough ‘spare’ space on the drive to be used as a cache. For similar reasons it’s not a drive to use in a server, but for home use the performance is fine. Interestingly, 3D NAND has impressively low power consumption, with the MX300 needing a mere 0.075w, making it a smart choice for laptop use. With most budget SSDs now using (usually) slower TLC chips, having a competitively priced 3D NAND product available makes it a choice to consider. The large capacity makes it very appealing as an app or games drive added to existing systems that may have a smaller OS SSD.  Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  crucial mx300 ssd  |  review  |  ssd  |  storage   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   AllDup 4.0 finds visually similar images     NirSoft’s EncryptedRegView decrypts and displays secret Registry data     Plextor announces new S2 entry-level SSDs     EGX 2016: Intimate moments outshine the games industry's big hitters     TunnelBear 3.0 brings faster, more secure VPN connections   NOTE: You must be a registered member of PC & Tech Authority to post a comment. Click here to login | Click here to register More in Atomic (1 of 10 articles) NEWS New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (3 of 10 articles) FEATURE The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Fractal Design Define C is a great mix of silence and features << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (5 of 10 articles) GALLERY Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (6 of 10 articles) NEWS The beautiful PC mods of PAX Australia 2016! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Picasso Labs knows Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton's best sides << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Upgrade Australia: The Power Arena performance PC winner! << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Parrot Disco review: Hands on with the coolest drone of 2016 << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> More in Atomic (10 of 10 articles) NEWS When it comes to horror in VR, how scary is too scary? << Prev Next >> View all Atomic articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Atomic News New GeForce 375.86 WHQL drivers out now Review Review: G.Skill Ripjaws MX780 impresses first time Feature The SLI question: Is multi-GPU worth it? Group Test Group Test: X99 Motherboards shift into top gear Gallery Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories How to use Microsoft OneNote to organise your minutes, memos and more 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Fitbit Charge 2 verdict: the best-value fitness band Which VMware partners did we see at vForum Sydney? Ingram Micro toasts 2016 partners Brisbane networking reseller liquidated as customers terminate orders without warning Which Aussies did we spot at Cisco Partner Summit in San Francisco? Telstra launches smart home-as-a-service Capgemini exposes millions of recruitment firm clients That's it for IPv4, go all IPv6: Internet Architecture Board How NAB is rebuilding online banking, piece by piece Big W shutters online shopping after data leak Banks rubbish Apple's security claims over NFC access 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege PSA: You can play Red Dead Redemption on PC… kinda 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI EA Shooter Showdown: Titanfall 2 vs Battlefield 1 About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2016 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Apple Looks to Reclaim Lost PC Market Share With New Touch Bar MacBook Pro 1 hour ago Array 0 Rich Gets Richer: Google Parent Alphabet Reports Higher-Than-Expected Ad Sales 2 hours ago Array 0 Vine's Shocking Shutdown Throws Web Celebs For a Loop By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago Array 0 While You're Waiting for Apple's Delayed AirPods, Watch This Hilarious Parody Ad By Simon Dumenco - 4 hours ago Array 0 Marketer MVPs of Social Media: This Is What It Takes for an Auto Brand to Win YouTube 5 hours ago Array 0 Vine's Shocking Shutdown Throws Web Celebs For a Loop By Garett Sloane - 3 hours ago 0 Microsoft Just Out-Apple'd Apple With This Insanely Gorgeous Surface Studio Ad By Simon Dumenco - 10 hours ago 0 Laura Desmond Resigns From Publicis Groupe By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 Ad Industry Blasts FCC's New Privacy Rules: You Got It Wrong By Kate Kaye - 8 hours ago 0 Can You Get Your Brand Into GM's In-Car Marketing System? (Yes) By E.J. Schultz - 14 hours ago 0 After Tease, Dos Equis Debuts Its New Most Interesting Man in the World By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Digital Ads to Overtake Traditional Ads in U.S. Local Markets by 2018 By Suman Bhattacharyya - Yesterday 0 Google Just Introduced Jamboards Into Office Culture By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Laura Desmond Resigns From Publicis Groupe By E.J. Schultz - 7 hours ago 0 Mattel Shops $150 Million Media Account By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Apple Looks to Reclaim Lost PC Market Share With New Touch Bar MacBook Pro Published on October 27, 2016. The new MacBook Pro line includes new keyboards, replacing the former row of function keys with Touch ID and dynamic Touch Bar display. Credit: Apple Most Popular Apple unveiled new Mac computers as it seeks to revitalize a product line that co-founder Steve Jobs once said would be rendered redundant by the iPad. Overhauled MacBook Pro laptops and a new computer monitor were presented in a press conference at Apple's Cupertino, Calif., headquarters. While laptops are traditionally more profitable for Apple than the iPad, customers often spend more on films, music and apps with the iPad, making it a long-term moneymaker. The new MacBook Pro has a Touch ID fingerprint scanner which makes it easier to buy online using the Apple Pay payments system. Mr. Jobs heralded tablets as laptop replacements by calling the iPad a "post-PC" device after it launched in 2010. But products like the MacBook Pro have shown surprising resilience. While Mac revenue has fallen from its 2015 peak, the decline in iPad sales has been more precipitous and the laptop now outsells the tablet. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has meanwhile sought to expand services revenue from the App Store, iTunes and iCloud to offset slowing hardware sales. Related Stories Apple Revenue, iPhone Sales Continue to Fall Apple Delays AirPods Rollout, Saying 'We Need a Little More Time' While You're Waiting for Apple's Delayed AirPods, Watch This Hilarious Parody Ad The Power of Cohesive Branding: Why Apple Wins See the Spot: Intel Enlists Michael Phelps to Sink Slow Computers The new version of the MacBook Pro comes with either a 13-inch or 15-inch display. The new laptops are lighter, thinner and narrower than their predecessors, and include larger trackpads and faster chips. The highlight was a new digital function display at the top of the keyboard called the Touch Bar, replacing physical buttons. The thin organic light-emitting diode screen allows functions to change based on the application currently in use. Prices start at $1,499 for a 13-inch version without the new Touch Bar. The 15-inch one starts at $2,399, Apple said. "While we don't expect the updates to meaningfully move the needle, we believe this should return the Mac segment to growth in the near term," Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a note to clients, reiterating his overweight rating. Apple also announced a 5K monitor developed with LG Electronics that connects to the new MacBook Pro, and a new TV app. Apple last released new laptop computers in the middle of 2015, and has gradually lost customers in the intervening period. The iPhone maker's personal computing market share fell to 7.4% in the three months through September, down from 8.1% a year earlier, researcher IDC said this month. "Apple is going to be able to regain some of the market share that they've lost in the higher end notebook market because so many of their products have got so long in the tooth," Shannon Cross, an analyst at Cross Research, said before the event. Apple shares slipped about 1% to $114.48 at the close in New York. The stock had jumped about 20% in the past three months on hope for strong sales of the new iPhone 7. After a cautious holiday forecast earlier this week from the company, the shares have given up some of those gains. If Apple is able to sell more services through Macs, they can become far more profitable than iPads, Needham & Co. analyst Laura Martin said before the product launch. "Then you really do want to sell more Macs, because it's not only a higher upfront fee but then if you can get the same services revenue that's a more powerful growth engine." The Mac's average selling price is almost $800 more than the iPad, according to data compiled by Bloomberg, and Apple got 11% of its $216 billion annual revenue from the computer, with the iPhone accounting for most of the rest. Siri, introduced to the Mac operating system in September, could also help guarantee a cut of revenue from taxis, meals and other services ordered with the virtual assistant via computers. Siri can be activated more easily using the new Touch Bar. -- Bloomberg News In this article: Consumer Electronics Design Digital Shopper Marketing Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Here's What Apple, Inc. Unveiled Today The Mac maker's product event was more or less entirely expected. Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Oct 27, 2016 at 8:05PM Image source: Apple. Well, would you look at that. For once, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unveiled something that wasn't entirely expected at its Mac event earlier today. Ahead of the unveiling, the rumors had narrowed in on three new MacBook models, and no iMac refresh. While new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros were obvious, it wasn't entirely clear what the other rumored 13-inch MacBook would be. Some thought it would be a new MacBook Air with USB-C ports. As it turns out, it was just another 13-inch MacBook Pro instead of a tweaked Air. Three's company As expected, the new MacBook Pros feature a dynamic display above the keyboard, replacing the traditional function keys with a versatile toolbar that can change contextually. Apple calls this the Touch Bar, and it can morph into various different tools and buttons depending on what task you're doing or what application you're using. Integrated into the right side of the Touch Bar is a small second-generation Touch ID sensor, finally bringing Apple's fingerprint recognition technology to the Mac. This can be used to unlock the computer, switch user profiles, or use Apple Pay on the web for websites that have adopted Apple's payment service. Image source: Apple. Intel's six-generation Skylake chips are onboard at long last, bringing the MacBook Pro lineup up to speed in a much-needed upgrade. The Mac maker is moving toward Thunderbolt 3 ports, which include support for USB-C and a wide range of other protocols. And yes, there is a headphone jack. The keyboard is similar to the 12-inch MacBook, using a second generation of Apple's butterfly mechanism. Naturally, this is the thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro Apple has ever made. (Stop me if you've heard that one before.) The surprise move was that Apple is making a version without the Touch Bar and Touch ID, instead using traditional function keys, but still within the new chassis. There are also only two Thunderbolt 3 ports as opposed to four. The 13-inch MacBook Pro that has traditional function keys will start at $1,499, while the 13-inch MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar and Touch ID starts at $1,799. That $300 premium is a hefty ask for what amounts to a small display (which is presumably OLED based on rumors, but Apple did not specify) and a Touch ID sensor. All 15-inch models include the Touch Bar and Touch ID and start at $2,399. Other Macs continue to age There was no mention of updates for any other Macs. The Mac Mini is still incredibly old, with the last upgrade being two years ago. The Mac Pro hasn't been updated since 2013. There was some speculation that Apple would update the iMac 5K with new graphics processors from AMD, but nope. The 27-inch iMac 5K already uses the latest Intel chips, and appropriate desktop-class seventh-generation Kaby Lake chips simply aren't ready yet. This event was all about the MacBook Pro. As the most important product within the Mac lineup, hopefully the new laptops will help Apple's Mac business grow again after losing share for the past two to three quarters. Evan Niu, CFA, owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla Motors. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Oct 27, 2016 at 8:05PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $107.11 up $1.40 (1.32%) Read More Apple Inc. May Be Using This New Tech in iPhone 8 Apple, Inc. Is Still Working on Cracking India Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Apple Inc. Why Apple Inc.'s "Modem Gate" Doesn’t Matter Apple Earnings: Digging Through Services and Guidance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

null
Photo News News Photo News New on the Site News Archive Topics Camera Deals Firmware Updates Interviews Our Favorite Photographers History of Photography Camera Reviews Cameras Camera Reviews Compare Images Compare Cameras Best Cameras Types Compact Cameras DSLR Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Full-Frame Cameras Waterproof Cameras Brands Canon Fuji Nikon Olympus Panasonic Pentax Samsung Sony All Brands Lens Reviews Formats Canon EF Canon EF-S Fuji X Micro Four Thirds Nikon 1 Nikon DX Nikon FX Pentax K Sony A Sony FE Sony E Brand All Lens Reviews Canon Lenses Fuji Lenses Nikon Lenses Olympus Lenses Panasonic Lenses Pentax Lenses Sigma Lenses Sony Lenses Tamron Lenses Type Macro Mid-range Prime Telephoto Wide Zoom Printer Reviews More Accessories Camera Accessories Printers Scanners Software Community Newsletter Contests Photo of the Day Previous Story Microsoft puts content creators in its sights with release of new Surface devices Back To News Next Story Sony aims to strengthen its individual sectors, creates Sony Imaging Products and Solutions Inc. Touching the future: MacBook Pro slims down, speeds up and gets Touch Bar OLED strip adobe apple computer mac macbook pro macos new macbook pro news notebook os x photo processing photography workstation photoshop touch bar by Jeremy Gray posted Thursday, October 27, 2016 at 3:29 PM EST     The MacBook Pro has long been a valuable tool for MacOS photographers. However, it has been a considerable length of time without any major refreshes, instead receiving annual speed bumps and minor tweaks. At today's "Hello Again" Mac event hosted at Apple's Cupertino headquarters, the tech giant has finally offered up what is perhaps its biggest MacBook Pro refresh ever. New Features: Redesigned inside and out Available in 13- and 15-inch sizes, the new MacBook Pro utilizes Intel's sixth-generation family of processors, including dual-core i5 and i7 processors in the 13-inch MacBook Pro models and quad-core i7 processors in the 15-inch models. The smaller MacBook Pros offer 76% better 3D graphics and video editing than the previous generation whereas the larger models offer 130% better 3D graphics and 57% faster video editing. In addition to faster specs, the MacBook Pros use 2133MHz memory that starts at 8GB in the 13" models (expandable to 16GB) and 16GB on the 15" models. Further, built-in SSD storage now starts at 256GB for all models and comes with an available upgrade up to 2TB. The SSD storage itself has data speeds up to 3.1GB/s, which is up to 50% faster than the previous generation Apple notebooks. While the internals are a nice bump, the biggest change is the body itself. Thinner than ever, the new MacBook Pro notebook is a mere 14.9 millimeters with a 13-inch display and 15.5 millimeters thin in the 15-inch model, representing a respective decrease in thickness of 17% and 14%. Volume has decreased as well by 23% and 20% respectively. Audio volume, on the other hand, is increased due to an all-new speaker design which includes twice the audio dynamic range of previous models. The Force Touch-equipped trackpad is much larger as well, up to two times larger compared to the previous-gen MacBook Pro models. You have probably noticed the distinct lack of a function row on the new butterfly-mechanism keyboard (this new keyboard is Apple's thinnest and uses the same technology found in the recent MacBook revision). Instead, the Touch Bar, an OLED touch strip, sits at the top of the keyboard. This allows users to have context-dependent keys at their fingertips. It's easy to imagine the possibilities for different applications, having perhaps your most-used functions available on your keyboard. The display maintains the same 2560 x 1600 and 2880 x 1800 resolutions for the 13 and 15-inch models respectively, but the displays are said to be of higher quality and be more energy efficient. Specifically, when compared to the previous-gen MacBook Pro, the new display in the 15-inch model is 67% brighter, has a 67% higher contrast ratio and displays 25% more colors. It displays 125% of the sRGB color gamut. Efficiency in general is a focus with these new machines as they offer "all-day battery life" of up to 10 hours for both the 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pros.      Rather than release an updated MacBook Air, Apple has instead opted to release the new 13-inch MacBook Pro in a configuration that does not include the new OLED Touch Bar. This more traditional keyboard-equipped laptop comes standard with a slower i5 processor than its Touch Bar-equipped sibling, slower graphics and two fewer Thunderbolt 3 ports, but also with a lower price tag. Pricing and Availability What do these new machines cost? The Touch Bar-less 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at just under US$1,500. A Touch Bar, more speed and more ports takes the total up to around $1,800. If you want a fully-maxed out 13-inch MacBook Pro, including a 3.3GHz dual-core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, and 1TB of SSD storage (only the 15-inch model can be expanded up to 2TB of storage), your total comes to $2,900. Looking at the 15-inch model, which starts at $2,400 for a 2.6GHz i7, 16GB of RAM, 256GB of SSD storage and a Radeon Pro 450 graphics processor (2GB of VRAM), the price can climb very quick with built-to-order options. The machine's price tag reaches $4,300 with a 2.9GHz quad-core Intel i7 processor, 2TB of PCIe-based SSD storage, and Radeon Pro 460 (4GB VRAM) graphics. Despite rumors to the contrary, there is no 32GB RAM option available on any of the new MacBook Pro models.     The Touch Bar-less MacBook 13-inch model is available today whereas the 13-inch and 15-inch Touch Bar MacBook Pro notebooks are shipping in 2-3 weeks but are available for preorder now. All three models are available in "space gray" and "silver" color options. What does the new MacBook Pro and Touch Bar mean for photographers? First things first, if you enjoyed using the SD card slot of the previous-generation MacBook Pro machines, you'll notice that it's gone. In its place are four Thunderbolt 3 ports, however, which should prove to be very versatile. After you get adapters, of course. Not necessarily convenient, but certainly powerful. The new Touch Bar is probably the most exciting aspect of the new MacBook Pro generation for photographers. Imagine wanting to straighten out an image and being able to slide your finger on the Touch Bar to adjust the angle of your image. Or to change your tool in Photoshop. Perhaps you'll soon be able to scroll through your photo library by sliding your finger across the Touch Bar while using Lightroom. The possibilities with the Touch Bar are extensive and it will be very exciting to see how different applications utilize it following the launch of the new notebooks.     In fact, Adobe came on stage at Apple's event to discuss Photoshop specifically. As Adobe's representative, Bradee Evans, said, the new MacBook Pro and Photoshop are "made for each other." She was working on an image and accessed "select and mask" right from the Touch Bar. After choosing "select and mask," the Touch Bar changed to showcase only tools required for the selection process. You can resize brushes and perform simple tasks without having to slow down. What about adding a new layer? Easy with the Touch Bar. While using the Touch Bar, you can also better utilize Photoshop's fullscreen display mode, which is usually hampered by your inability to access your tools while using the mode. It will be interesting to see what other features are incorporated when Photoshop is updated for the Touch Bar before the end of this year. Today's Mac event follows only one day after Microsoft's Surface event. You can read all about that event here. • MacBook Pro • Tweet Comment Previous Story Microsoft puts content creators in its sights with release of new Surface devices Back To News Next Story Sony aims to strengthen its individual sectors, creates Sony Imaging Products and Solutions Inc. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Camera Reviews Compact Cameras Mirrorless Cameras DSLR Cameras Canon Cameras Nikon Cameras All Brands Compare Cameras Compare Images Photo News Photo of the Day Lens Reviews Printer Reviews Best Cameras About Us Contact Us Advertising Usage Policy Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Google+ Imaging Resource © 1998 - 2016. Material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted or otherwise used without the prior written consent of The Imaging Resource.
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Microsoft Introduces High-End Surface Studio All-in-One Desktop       Microsoft Introduces High-End Surface Studio All-in-One Desktop     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-10-27 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft unveils Surface Studio all-in-one for 'creators'; Apple $215.6 billion annual revenue report marks first drop Since 2001; Court approves $15 billion VW Diesel emissions test rigging settlement; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos 'Smart' Light Bulbs Vulnerable to Cyber-Attacks, Researchers Show DAILY VIDEO: Researchers show even 'smart' light bulbs are threatened on IoT; Kaspersky alleges... Apple Store Selling Refurbished iPhones at a Discount DAILY VIDEO: Apple refurbished iPhones again being offered in the Apple Store; Google pulling the... Samsung Aims to Incorporate AI in Galaxy S8 Smartphones DAILY VIDEO: Samsung evaluating AI for use in Galaxy S8 smartphones; LG begins Android 7.0 Nougat OS... Apple Drops Prices of MacBook Pro Dongles After Complaints DAILY VIDEO: Apple drops MacBook Pro dongle prices after customer pushback; Samsung says some 85% of... Samsung Gear S3 Smartwatches to Go on Sale Nov. 18 DAILY VIDEO: Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch preorders began Nov. 6; Huawei launches Fit sports and... Red Hat Adds Security Features to RHEL 7.3 DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat rolls out RHEL 7.3 with better security; Office users gain a... Microsoft Launches Teams Collaboration Platform for Office 365 DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft launches Teams, a rival to the Slack collaboration platform; Microsoft rebukes... Samsung Investing $1B to Boost Chip Production in Texas Facility DAILY VIDEO: Samsung will invest $1 billion in its Texas chip facility; ARM unveils chip cores for... Microsoft Releases PowerApps and Flow for General Availability DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft to release PowerApps and Flow on Nov. 1; Microsoft woos MacBook owners with... PC Makers Continue to Innovate to Jump-Start Weak Sales DAILY VIDEO: PC makers continue to innovate despite a slowing market; Microsoft Office will support... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Microsoft Unveils Surface Studio All-in-One for 'Creators' Apple $215.6 Billion Annual Revenue Report Marks First Drop Since 2001 Court Approves $15 Billion VW Diesel Emissions Test Rigging Settlement Personal Tracking Devices Expose Public Privacy Risk       Today's topics include Microsoft's unveiling of the all-in-one Surface Studio, Apple's report of its first decline in annual revenue since 2001, VW's agreement to settle their emissions test rigging court case for $15 billion and Rapid7's findings that Bluetooth tracking technologies could increase security risks. Well into Microsoft's Windows 10 event on Oct. 26 in New York City, Panos Panay, head of Microsoft devices, took the wraps off the Surface Studio, an all-in-one Windows 10 PC aimed at creative professionals. "This product will help you bring your ideas to life," he said. "It is all fundamentally made to immerse you into the content or to the creation that you want to work with." The PC is powered by Intel's sixth-generation Core i5 or i7 processors and can be configured with up to 32 gigabytes of RAM on the i7 model and up to 2 terabytes of "rapid hybrid drive" storage. Prices start at $2,999 for a Core i5 Surface Studio with 8GB of RAM and 1TB of storage. According to Microsoft's online store, the device begins shipping on Dec. 15, but Panay cautioned on stage that it will be "available in limited quantities this holiday." Apple's fourth-quarter revenue and net income fell compared to the same period one year ago, but rose from the third quarter of this year as the company continues to navigate competitive and unpredictable global market conditions. For the full year of 2016, Apple reported revenue of $215.6 billion and net income of $45.7 billion, lower than the $233.7 billion in revenue and $53.4 billion in net income posted for 2015. This is the first full-year revenue decline that Apple has recorded since 2001, the year the company introduced the iPod media player and six years before it introduced the iPhone. For the fourth-quarter ending Sept. 24, Apple brought in $46.9 billion in revenue and $9 billion in net income, down from the $51.5 billion and $11.1 billion in the same quarter one year ago. Judge Charles Breyer of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California on Oct. 25 granted final approval for a massive settlement of just under $15 billion for using software in the computers that control the Diesel engines in some of its vehicles that allowed those cars to cheat on emissions tests. Volkswagen has begun the process of buying back cars containing the offending engines. The decision is the result of revelations in September 2015, in which researchers found that Volkswagen vehicles with 2-liter Diesel engines produced far more pollutants when driven on the road then they did when undergoing emissions tests. The settlement means that VW will either fix the illegal engines or it will buy the cars back from owners who had purchased what they believed were efficient "clean" diesels. Small tags embedded with Bluetooth Low Energy have become increasingly popular in recent years as a way for consumers to track things such as car keys or other small items. There is only one small problem: They're also potentially a larger public privacy risk, according to new research released Oct. 25 by security firm Rapid7. Among the trackers Rapid7 looked at is the TrackR Bravo device, which was found to have four unique vulnerabilities, including cleartext password storage, Tracking ID exposure, unauthenticated access and unauthentic pairing vulnerabilities. Rapid7 conducted its operational analysis of the Bluetooth tracking products by using multiple tools, including Burpsuite, to intercept communication between the cloud and mobile applications.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Contact Newsagent Login Sci-Tech Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Business Headlines | Internet | Science | Scientific Ethics | Technology | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Sci-Tech Tweet National Digital Forum coming to Wellington November 2016 Friday, 28 October 2016, 9:38 am Press Release: National Digital Forum New York, Oxford and Ngāi Tahu share the stage at National Digital Forum 2016 27 October 2016 National Digital Forum (NDF2016) has another stellar line-up of speakers. NDF2016 brings together digital enthusiasts from around the world to share new practices from the GLAM sector (galleries, libraries, archives, museums). Working digitally in new ways is at the heart of the two-day conference, which this year features: a museum-based incubator from New York; Oxford University research into life online; and cultural mapping through the latest Geographical Information System to record iwi knowledge. Taking place on 22, 23 November at Te Papa, 300 participants from around New Zealand will attend for the event, the largest digital-culture gathering in the country. This year’s Keynote speakers include: Julia Kaganskiy is Director at NEW INC, which was founded by the New Museum in 2014 and is the first museum-led cultural incubator dedicated to supporting innovation, collaboration, and entrepreneurship across art, design, and technology. Julia previously served as Global Editor of the Creators Project, a partnership between VICE Media Group and Intel, and founded #ArtsTech Meetup. Dave Brown is a Principal Engineer at Microsoft Research’s headquarters in Washington. He and his team develop interactive, digital experiences, and they’re currently working on new approaches for data visualisation which help people share and socialise insights. Eric T. Meyer is a Professor at the Oxford Internet Institute at Oxford University, where he researches life online and the shifting nature of human interactions that result from the advancement of digital technologies. Lillian Grace is the founder of Figure NZ, a world-first organisation helping everyone see New Zealand clearly through the language of numbers by processing complex data and publishing it in simple, consistent forms that anyone can freely take and use regardless of their skill and experience. Takerei Norton manages the iwi-driven Ngāi Tahu Cultural Mapping Project which records traditional Ngāi Tahu knowledge on the latest Geographical Information System. It will soon be made available to the iwi and public through a new purpose-built website. Seb Chan is internationally regarded for his work in interactive visitor experience, which saw him overhaul digital design at the Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Design Museum. He is the Chief Experience Officer at ACMI (Australian Centre for the Moving Image). The National Digital Forum is a network of people working together to enhance digital interaction with culture and heritage in New Zealand. In addition to the NDF conference, the organisation arranges regional events to supportprofessional development opportunities. For more information: http://www.ndf.org.nz/ndf-this-year/ © Scoop Media   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Easing Ending? RBNZ's Wheeler Cuts OCR Reserve Bank governor Graeme Wheeler cut the official cash rate to a new record low to try to stoke inflation in an economy growing ahead of expectations and signalled the end of the easing cycle. The kiwi dollar gained after the statement. More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - RBNZ's Wheeler has 'open mind' on currency intervention Reserve Bank - Official Cash Rate reduced to 1.75 percent Media: Commerce Commission Initial Decision To Decline NZME/Fairfax Merger The Commission has assessed the impact of the merger on competition in both advertising and reader markets for a number of media platforms as well as the overall impact on quality and plurality (diversity of voices). More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - NZME shares slump to new low - Concentration of NZME, Fairfax tie-up a concern - NZME, Fairfax NZ merger in trouble in ComCom draft decision Labour - ComCom merger decline a win for media diversity E tu - Union welcomes draft decision to reject NZME-Fairfax merger Simpson Grierson - Stance on NZME/Fairfax merger bound to be highly contentious Out-Link - Tim Murphy: The StuffMe merger is stuffed | The Spinoff Inflation: Those With Lowest Living Standards Face Highest Price Rises CTU: In the year to September, while a typical household experienced price increases of 0.1 percent, the lowest spending households saw prices rise by 0.6 percent, beneficiaries by 0.8 percent and superannuitants by 0.4 percent. At the end of the scale, the highest spending households saw prices fall by 0.3 percent. More>> ALSO: Statistics NZ - Superannuitants experience highest inflation Greens - New data shows National’s two-track economy Royal Society: Increased Number Of Projects Funded In 2016 A total of 117 research projects have been allocated $65.2 million (excl. GST) of funding in this year’s Marsden Fund grants, which support New Zealand’s best investigator-initiated research in the areas of science, engineering, maths, social sciences and the humanities. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - $65.2m in Marsden funding for NZ researchers University of Otago - Major Marsden funding for Otago researchers University of Auckland - University of Auckland celebrates Marsden fund success University of Canterbury - University of Canterbury snares 10% of Marsden Funding Massey University - Marsden funding awarded for Pacific customary land use study NZ Taxpayers' Union - Royal Society's Marsden grants an embarrassment Auckland University - Auckland medical science benefits from major grants Universities NZ - Te Pokai Tara - Universities awarded 92.5% of Marsden research funding Gordon Campbell: On Britain’s Landmark Court Ruling Against Uber The shockwaves from Uber’s defeat last week in a British court have reportedly already begun to wash up here in New Zealand with some local drivers thinking of taking a similar class action. More>> ALSO: NZ Uber Driver Association - Government's lack of apparent action against Uber BusinessDesk - Uber seeks government affairs manager to lobby on regulation Gordon Campbell - Gordon Campbell on special needs education funding changes Trade: NZ Trade Deficit Widens To A Record In September Oct. 27 (BusinessDesk) - New Zealand's monthly trade deficit widened to a record in September as meat exports dropped to their lowest level in more than three years. More>> ALSO: HiFX - HiFX Data Update - NZ Trade Balance (Sep) Statistics NZ - Meat exports fall 15 percent in September quarter Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH Queensgate Shopping Centre – Situation Update 5:33 PM | Queensgate Shopping Centre The effects of the quakes on your staff 5:11 PM | Employee Solution Service Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson 4:42 PM | NZ Court of Appeal UPDATE @ 4:15 pm Wednesday 16 November 4:37 PM | Vodafone NZ 'Nil-all draw' in NZX vs Ralec verdict 4:14 PM | BusinessDesk EQC defends Christchurch repairs 4:03 PM | BusinessDesk Historic double win at National Competition 3:59 PM | Society Of Beer Advocates More   RSS Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake (updated) 5:10 PM | Science Media Centre No let up in the weather 3:08 PM | MetService Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake - Expert Reaction 3:05 PM | Science Media Centre Coping with disaster - Expert Q&A 15/11/16 | Science Media Centre Tech Futures Lab offers innovative one-year Masters 15/11/16 | Tech Futures 2016 is set to break even the temperature records of 2015 15/11/16 | World Meteorological Or... Nitrogen Recording Protects Water And Drives Efficiency 15/11/16 | Fonterra More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett Power poles may carry fibre to bush 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft double-dipping with Outlook.com ads 06 Nov | Bill Bennett Spark, Vodafone, Chorus and the battle for fibre 05 Nov | Bill Bennett Smartwatches not ticking 30 Oct | Bill Bennett Wireless — a drop in the data ocean 29 Oct | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Queensgate Shopping Centre – Situation Update 3:33 PM | admin November 14 earthquake upgraded to M7.8 3:28 PM | admin Wellington state highways recovering but plan for ... 3:12 PM | admin The effects of the quakes on your staff 3:11 PM | admin Marine uplift from Kaikoura earthquake (updated) 3:10 PM | admin Slip between Fox and Franz Josef Glaciers cleared 3:02 PM | admin Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson 2:42 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Sci-Tech Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Belkin Introduces Thunderbolt™ 3 Express Dock HD Belkin Delivers Single-Cable All-In-One Docking Solution With Thunderbolt 3 News provided by Belkin Oct 27, 2016, 17:18 ET Share this article PLAYA VISTA, Calif., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Belkin®, the market leader in mobile accessories, today announced the Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD. The Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD plugs into devices with a Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) port. With 40 Gbps data transfer rates, dual 4K video support and 85 Watts of power delivery, the Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD is a complete single-cable docking solution providing connectivity and power to your notebook. "Belkin has a long-standing history of designing complementary peripherals and accessories for the industry's most innovative hardware products, such as the all-new MacBook Pro," said Steve Malony, vice president and general manager, Belkin. "The new Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD and its exceptional single-cable docking solution for notebooks was developed with a deep understanding of consumers' needs for ideal connectivity solutions."  Continue Reading Belkin(R), the market leader in mobile accessories, today announced the Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD. "Thunderbolt 3 delivers the most advanced single-cable docks available," said Jason Ziller, Intel's director of Thunderbolt marketing. "We are thrilled Belkin will provide groundbreaking connectivity on their docks for Mac and PC." Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD features: True single-cable docking solution Dual 4K video or single 5K output and 85W of power delivery powering your computer through a 0.5m Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) 40Gbps cable Daisy-chain up to five Thunderbolt devices from the dock Two Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports Three USB-A 3.0 ports (1.5A charging each) One DisplayPort One Audio In/Out port; one Audio Out port One Gigabit Ethernet port Included 170W power adapter provides enough power to support attached peripherals while delivering up to 85W of power to your computer through included Thunderbolt 3 cable Belkin today also introduced its USB-C to HDMI Adapter featuring up to 4K resolution at 60Hz and two Thunderbolt 3 cables, 0.5m and 2m, supporting up to 40 Gbps data transfer rates. Availability The Thunderbolt 3 Express Dock HD and USB-C to HDMI Adapter are coming soon to Belkin.com,  Apple.com and at Apple stores. The Thunderbolt 3 cables are available now on Belkin.com, Apple.com and at Apple stores. About Belkin Belkin® developed its first people-inspired products in 1983 with cables that quickly led to the development of the first intelligent cable that connected an Apple IIc, Apple's first portable computer, to a printer. Today, more than one Belkin product is sold every second globally. Designed in Southern California, and extending across four pillars—power, productivity, protection and connectivity - Belkin products include award-winning lines such as the Valet™ Charge Dock for Apple Watch + iPhone, MIXIT↑™ cables, RockStar multi-port solutions, QODE™ keyboards, and a complete range of mobile, power and charging solutions, including USB-IF certified USB-C accessories, wireless charging docks, and solutions for Android systems. Belkin's next generation ScreenCare+ and TrueClear™ Pro screen protection service applies state of the art protection with unparalleled accuracy and is available at select leading retailers worldwide. A privately held company, Belkin has more than 1,200 employees in more than 30 countries around the world. For more information, please visit Belkin on the Web, Follow us on Twitter, Like us on Facebook, or Follow us on Instagram. © 2016 Belkin International, Inc. and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. All product names, logos and brands are property of their respective owners.  Photo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161027/433541 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160325/348115LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/belkin-introduces-thunderbolt-3-express-dock-hd-300353071.html SOURCE Belkin Related Links http://www.belkin.com Nov 01, 2016, 12:00 ET Preview: Belkin Taps DuPont™ Kevlar® For New MIXIT↑™ DuraTek™ Lightning To USB Cable Collection Sep 08, 2016, 11:00 ET Preview: Belkin® Introduces Cases, Screen Protection, Armbands And More For New Apple Devices My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 17:00 ETBelkin Named As CES 2017 Innovation Awards Honoree Nov 01, 2016, 12:00 ETBelkin Taps DuPont™ Kevlar® For New MIXIT↑™ DuraTek™ Lightning To... Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronic Components Computer Electronics Computer Hardware New Products & Services You just read: Belkin Introduces Thunderbolt™ 3 Express Dock HD News provided by Belkin Oct 27, 2016, 17:18 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Technology Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Black Friday Holiday Gifts     Apple MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Unveiled Posted: Oct 27 2016, 1:25pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Oct 30 2016, 11:44am CDT, in News | Apple   Gallery 5 images   The new Apple Mac breaks cover. Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro with OLED key strip. The new 2017 MacBook Pro features a new design. It comes in 13 and 15 inch sizes and two colors: silver and space gray. The 13-inch new MacBook Pro is just 14.9mm thin. Apple cut 17% and it only weighs 3 pounds. Don't Miss: Best Walmart Black Friday 2016 Deals The 15-inch MacBook Pro is 15.5mm thin, 14% thinner. It is 20% smaller in volume and weighs 4 pounds. The new MacBook Pro has double the size trackpad. The new MacBook Pro feature the rumored Touch Bar. The Touch Bar is multi-touch and contextual. In each app you have access to different tools. The Power button has an integrated Touch ID. The MacBook Pro has a T1 chip with Secure enclave enabling the use of Apple Pay on the MacBook Pro. Apple improved the display with more colors, contrast and brightness. The MacBook Pro packs Core i7 and Radeon Pro graphics. The MacBook Pro is able to drive two 5K displays. Apple worked with LG to develop special 5K monitors for the MacBook Pro. The new MacBook Pro goes on sale today. The Macbook Pro with Touch Bar ship in 2 to 3 weeks. The new thinnest and lightest MacBook Pro ever features a breakthrough interface that replaces the traditional row of function keys with a brilliant, Retina-quality Multi-Touch display called the Touch Bar. The new MacBook Pro features Apple’s brightest and most colorful Retina display yet, the security and convenience of Touch ID®, a more responsive keyboard, a larger Force Touch trackpad and an audio system with double the dynamic range. It’s also the most powerful MacBook Pro ever, featuring sixth-generation quad-core and dual-core processors, up to 2.3 times the graphics performance over the previous generation, super-fast SSDs and up to four Thunderbolt 3 ports. The Touch Bar places controls right at the user’s fingertips and adapts when using the system or apps like Mail, Finder, Calendar, Numbers, GarageBandm Final Cut Pro X and many more, including third-party apps. For example, the Touch Bar can show Tabs and Favorites in Safari, enable easy access to emoji in Messages, provide a simple way to edit images or scrub through videos in Photos and so much more. “This week marks the 25th anniversary of Apple’s first notebook; through the years each generation has introduced new innovations and capabilities, and it’s fitting that this all-new generation of MacBook Pro is the biggest leap forward yet,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “With the groundbreaking new Touch Bar, the convenience of Touch ID, the best Mac display ever, powerful performance, improved audio, blazing fast storage and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity in our thinnest and lightest pro notebook yet, the new MacBook Pro is the most advanced notebook ever made.” Building on innovations pioneered in MacBook®, the new MacBook Pro features an entirely new enclosure design and all-metal unibody construction that creates an incredibly rigid and dense notebook that is amazingly thin and light. At just 14.9 mm thin, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is 17 percent thinner and 23 percent less volume than the previous generation, and nearly half a pound lighter at just three pounds. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro, at just 15.5 mm thin, is 14 percent thinner and 20 percent less volume than before, and weighing just four pounds, is nearly half a pound lighter. Integrated into the power button is the convenience and security of Touch ID, one of the great features customers have come to know and love from their iPhone® and iPad. Once you enroll your fingerprint in Touch ID on your MacBook Pro, you can quickly unlock your Mac®, switch user accounts and make secure purchases with Apple Pay® on the web with a single touch. Touch ID enables a quick, accurate reading of your fingerprint and uses sophisticated algorithms to recognize and match it with the Secure Enclave in the new Apple T1 chip. The best Mac display ever delivers images that are more vivid, reveal even greater detail and appear more lifelike than ever. As thin as a MacBook display at .88 mm, the Retina display on the new MacBook Pro at 500 nits of brightness, is an amazing 67 percent brighter than the previous generation, features 67 percent more contrast and is the first Mac notebook display to support a wider color gamut. And with power-saving technologies like a larger pixel aperture, a variable refresh rate and more power-efficient LEDs, the display consumes 30 percent less energy than before. Powerful processors, cutting-edge graphics, blazing-fast SSDs, high-speed memory and an advanced thermal architecture deliver amazing pro-level performance in a dramatically thinner enclosure. Sixth-generation dual-core Core i5 with eDRAM, dual-core Core i7 with eDRAM and quad-core Core i7 Intel processors deliver pro-level processing performance while conserving energy. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro features powerful Radeon Pro discrete graphics delivering up to 2.3 times more performance than the previous generation; while the 13-inch MacBook Pro comes with Intel Iris Graphics that are up to two times faster than before. All models feature SSDs with sequential read speeds over 3GBps and Thunderbolt 3 which consolidates data transfer, charging and twice the video bandwidth in a single port — allowing users to drive a 5K display and power their MacBook Pro with a single cable. The New MacBook Pro Also Offers: • Much larger Force Touch trackpads — 46 percent larger on the 13-inch MacBook Pro and twice as large on the 15-inch MacBook Pro; • More responsive and comfortable typing on the keyboard with a second-generation butterfly mechanism; • Louder, more true-to-life sound through speakers with double the dynamic range and improved bass; • macOS Sierra, the world’s most advanced desktop operating system, with new features like Siri® integration, Universal Clipboard, Apple Pay on the web and Photos, which helps you rediscover your meaningful memories, organize your library and perfect shots like a pro. Pricing • The 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at $1,499 (US), features a 2.0 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships today. • The 13-inch MacBook Pro with the revolutionary Touch Bar and Touch ID starts at $1,799 (US), and features a 2.9 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.3 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. • The 15-inch MacBook Pro starts at $2,399 (US), features the revolutionary Touch Bar and Touch ID, a 2.6 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5 GHz, 16GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage, and ships in two to three weeks. See also the other highlights of the Apple October 2016 event. The Apple October 2016 event takes place at the Apple Campus in Cupertino. The event started at 10am PDT. You can watch the live stream of the Apple event here. The Apple Stock is down 0.57% ahead of the event. Apple is the world's largest information technology company by revenue, the world's largest technology company by total assets,[7] and the world's second-largest mobile phone manufacturer. The latter might change soon if Samsung keeps messing up. There are 115,000 permanent full-time Apple employees as of July 2015. More Apple News. Gallery 5 images You May Like The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Leave a Comment Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 46 minutes ago Here Is Why Apple Did Not Opt For Touch Screen Macs 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CST Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 13 hours ago, 11:54am CST Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 13 hours ago, 11:36am CST iPhone 8 Rumored to have Curved, Bezel-free Display 1 day ago, 9:10pm CST Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago Microsoft Signs Up for Elon Musk's $1 Billion OpenAI Project 1 hour ago Android Phone in US Reportedly Sending Personal Data to China 1 hour ago Dell Cyber Monday 2016 Deals Revealed in Ad 2 hours ago WeChat May Help Users Feel Better 2 hours ago MRI can help Detect Bone Marrow Cancer 5 hours ago Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern 9 hours ago, 3:35pm CST Archaeologists Uncover Stone Age Underwater Settlement 10 hours ago, 2:27pm CST Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Target Black Friday 2016 ad Best Buy Black Friday 2016 ad All Black Friday 2016 ads How to Find Hatchimals Deals Find NES Classic Deals Featured News Black Friday Oculus Rift and HTC Vive VR Headset Deals Are Weak Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Released   Sam's Club Samsung Saturday Sale on Nov. 19 Announced Nintendo NES Classic Reportedly in Stock at Walmart Online Store at 5pm Eastern Apple China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 46 minutes ago Here Is Why Apple Did Not Opt For Touch Screen Macs 12 hours ago, 12:54pm CST Apple Is Selling A $300 Photo Book About Its Products 13 hours ago, 11:54am CST Augmented Reality Maps Are Coming To iPhone 13 hours ago, 11:36am CST More Apple Stories Latest News China Says iPhone Sales Will Be Affected if Trump Is Adamant On Trade War 46 minutes ago Academy Sports Black Friday 2016 Ad Released 1 hour ago Twitter Gives More Power to Users to Stop Cyberbullying 1 hour ago Top 10 Walmart Black Friday Deals Picked by Expert 1 hour ago More Latest News The Latest ... Black Friday 2016 Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Super Bowl 2017 Ads Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Black Friday The Black Friday 2016 season is here. When is Black Friday 2016? It is on November 25, but the first Black Friday 2016 deals are already on sale as of October 30. I4U News is providing its annual in-depth coverage of Black Friday 2016 ads, deals and sales at the Black Friday 2016 Hub. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2016
Skip to main content Toggle navigation Dowser Windows Errors Fixes and Guides DLLs Event ID 37: Тhe Speed of Processor in Group 0 is Being Limited (Fix) October 27, 2016October 27, 2016 Jenna K. Fixes and Guides Have you seen this message: “Speed of Processor X In Group 0 is Being Limited by System Firmware”. Learn how to fix it with our guide! The Event ID 37 error, accompanied with the “Speed of Processor In Group is Being Limited by System Firmware” warning message is a relatively common problem users tend to experience, mainly due to Intel SpeedStep Technology. Some of our readers have recently encountered this message and were wondering what it means and how to deal with it, which is why we’ve created this article. On its own, SpeedStep technology is actually a pretty useful and even necessary tool, which is built in a lot of Intel processors. It regulates your processor’s clock speed depending on the demand for it at a given point in time. For example, when there is a certain process or software running, SpeedStep technology increases the clock speed of your machine, so that the task or program runs quickly and smoothly. The same built-in Intel feature is responsible for decreasing the speed of your processor, when it’s idle and not in use. This, in turn, will significantly lessen the electricity consumption of your computer and will prevent it from heating up. The Event ID 37: “Speed of Processor In Group is Being Limited by System Firmware”  warning message, caused by this feature, is visible in the Windows Event Log and typically informs you of the processor being in “reduced performance for seventy one seconds since the last report”. Below are a few steps to help you fix that. Event ID 37: “Speed of Processor In Group 0 is Being Limited” The Guide To begin with, you will need to reset your BIOS settings to Default. Be sure to have the latest drivers for your hardware and especially for these three: Chipset (Motherboard), Intel® Rapid Storage Technology, Video Card. Clean your computer from any dust – you will have to open it and clean it by hand. Check online if you are unsure how to open your PC make for this purpose. This is important to make sure your machine isn’t overheating. Next, you will have to disable SpeedStep Technology, which you can either do in your BIOS or in Windows Environment. We will show you how to do both. Disabling SpeedStep Technology from BIOS: Enter your computer’s BIOS (check online if you’re not sure how to do this, as this is different from PC to PC brand and model) and reset them to Default. Navigate to a setting that will be called one of the following: Dynamic CPU Frequency, Intel SpeedStep, SpeedStep or EIST (Enhanced Intel SpeedStep). Select either Disable or Always High, depending on the options given. If you see none of these, move on to the next method. Disabling SpeedStep Technology from Windows: Press the Windows + R key combination and in the resulting dialog box type “control panel”. Press Enter. Locate Power Options (switch View to Small Icons if necessary) and open it. Under Preferred plans, click on Change plan settings opposite the plan that is ticked. Choose Change advanced power settings. In the new window, select High Performance from the dropdown menu. Click on Processor power management to expand it and set both the Minimum and Maximum Processor State to 100%. After this, click Apply and OK. Restart your PC. Leave us a comment and let us know what you thought of our guide!     Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Post navigation Find What Facebook Knows About You (Guide) How to Disable Hardware Acceleration in Chrome (Guide) Top Posts & Pages How to block Boltalko.xyz Referral Spam in Google Analytics Your pc ran into a problem and needs to restart Windows 10 - Fix Guide (October 2016 Update) .Thor File Virus Removal Cerber 4.1.5 Ransomware Removal and File Recovery Best Fix: WiFi frequently disconnects (Windows 10 WiFi Sense) Subscribe to Blog via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Search for: sparkling Theme by Colorlib Powered by WordPress We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok
null
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES SME November 16, 2016 | Last updated 3 minutes ago - FLU vs Atlético PRNov 16,2016 - FLU vs Atlético PRNov 16,2016 - FLU vs Atlético PRNov 16,2016   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors21 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features1 General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology6 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WhatsApp adds 'secure' video calling Google to grow London office, create 3,000 jobs Twitter takes fight to online trolls Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money1 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus VC pioneer bets $650m on Indian start-ups surviving crash This year is shaping up to be perhaps the roughest ever for India’s technology companies Image Credit: Bloomberg Vani Kola, co-founder and chief executive officer of Kalaari Capital Advisors Pvt., speaks during an interview in Bengaluru. Kola raised her first $210 million fund in 2006 with Vinod Dham, best known for developing Intel’s Pentium chip, and placed bets on e-commerce start-ups just as that business began to take off. Published: 23:05 October 27, 2016 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE BENGALURU: If the start-up market in India is headed for a crash, no one will pay as high a price as Vani Kola. The 52-year-old is co-founder of Bangalore-based Kalaari Capital and one of the country’s largest venture investors. She’s raised about $650 million and holds stakes in more than 60 start-ups, including the country’s two most valuable, Flipkart Online Services Pvt. and Jasper Infotech Pvt’s Snapdeal. But this year is shaping up to be perhaps the roughest ever for India’s technology companies. Foreign giants like Amazon.com Inc. and Uber Technologies Inc. have trained their sights on the market just as many venture firms slash investments, fuelling predictions that most local players will be squashed. Kola isn’t backing off. She has kept up her pace of investments and even launched an accelerator a year ago to nurture more entrepreneurs. “There’s a recent view that the story of most Indian start-ups is over and Uber and Amazon can declare victory,” she said during an interview in the board room of Kalaari’s incubator, decorated with traditional Indian brass oil lamps and an impressionistic painting of a sheep and train engine. “I will never underestimate these entrepreneurs’ ability to think their way out of a problem.” Kola has a record of success. She raised her first $210 million fund in 2006 with Vinod Dham, best known for developing Intel’s Pentium chip, and placed bets on e-commerce start-ups just as that business began to take off. Since parting with Dham, she has raised another $440 million, making her the second-largest firm in India by assets and the biggest run by a woman, according to researcher Preqin Ltd. Of the firm’s 84 investments, Kola has managed to sell 21 start-ups. “She is among the top five VCs in India,” said Mohandas Pai, chairman of the venture firm Aarin Capital Advisors and former chief financial officer at outsourced Infosys Ltd. “She came to the internet business very early. Nobody else saw its potential then.” ‘Not That Kind of People’ Kola grew up in the southern city of Hyderabad and studied engineering at university. She headed to the U.S for a master’s degree when she was 20 and stumbled upon her first business idea a few years later while working as a product engineer. When she called home in 1996 to tell her father, a government employee, that she was starting a company, he was hardly enthusiastic. “We are not that kind of people,” he said. She went ahead and founded RightWorks Corp., which helped businesses set up software systems to buy and sell globally. After some early struggles, she signed on customers like General Electric Co. and PepsiCo Inc., and four years later agreed to sell control of the business for $657 million in cash and stock. She had become an entrepreneur — and a rich one. She started another company, Certus Software, and sold her stake in that one too. By the end of 2005, she had money and experience: She decided to move back to India and work with young entrepreneurs. She raised her first $210 million in capital in about six months, persuading investors the time was ripe for India’s entrepreneurs. Many of her fellow countrymen who had gained experience abroad were returning home, and the opportunities in sectors like e-commerce looked enormous. “Many people talked of the limitations; I saw the possibilities,” she said. She was convinced that local start-ups would have a fundamental edge over foreign competitors. She reasoned that outsiders would struggle to navigate complex business practices that are unlike any place in the West, including inefficient payment practices, Byzantine regulations and underdeveloped infrastructure. “Even today, the delivery boy will call the customer 20 times to announce he is coming, ask for directions, etc,” Kola says. Shortly after setting up her fund, she began to get unsolicited e-mails and phone calls from a pair of twentysomethings, Kunal Bahl and Rohit Bansal. The duo had started an e-commerce company that had been turned down by every other venture investor they could find. Kola met them at the boardroom of Kalaari, in the Whitefield neighbourhood of Bengaluru. Within 48 hours, she offered her support. She was drawn to the pair’s discipline and ambitious plans to give Indian consumers efficient online commerce, through what is now called Snapdeal. “Vani was our first institutional investor and we had done the rounds of all the 13 other VCs by then,” Bahl recalled. “What could she have possibly seen in us? We were two struggling 26-year-olds selling physical coupon books!” The relationship hurtled through difficult stretches. In 2013, Snapdeal was close to running out of cash. Kola came in and agreed to invest 20 per cent of her fund into the start-up. “When someone does that, you want to give your 1,000 per cent,” Bahl said. The effort has paid off: Snapdeal was last valued at $7 billion, according to CB Insights. Kola has also invested in the travel website Via and the fashion retailer Myntra. The latter grew to become India’s biggest fashion website and was acquired by Flipkart, the leader in e-commerce, for $330 million. Kola’s strategy to invest in ambitious entrepreneurs who want to create something big in a new and emerging market was becoming rewarding. She says her decisions stem in part from a willingness to accept the risk of not being right all the time. “Vani is insightful and supportive yet very frank and firm on non-performance,” said Ratan Tata, who is interim chairman of the Tata Group conglomerate and sits on Kalaari’s advisory board. ‘Best Friend Hasn’t Called’ The firm’s incubator, in a glass and chrome building next door to Kalaari’s offices, has the bustle of a Silicon Valley start-up — with Indian touches. Kola is dressed in a hand-embroidered white and blue salwar kameez, formal Indian attire consisting of a tunic and loose pants. She wears a nose ring. One of her frequent gestures is to close her eyes while talking as if to concentrate on a particular point. She says she draws lessons for work from raising two girls through their teenage years. “It’s not about being popular all the time,” Kola said. “It’s about setting them on the right path through thoughtful dialogue, treating their personal vulnerabilities with discretion and being there to support them during their moments of self-doubt.” She makes a point of getting back to founders within 24 hours no matter where she is. Kola has given advice on personnel crises, financial strains, stressful conversations and management strategy. Snapdeal co-founder Bahl refers to her, only part jokingly, as his “work mother.” At the incubator, start-up founders get parent-like perks too. There are fruits and other healthy snacks every morning and home-made chikki, a kind of peanut brittle. There are also personal trainers, exercise equipment and weekly meditation lessons. “It is not just caring about what they do but caring about them in a wholesome way,” Kola says, closing her eyes. She recharges at her farmhouse an hour’s drive from downtown Bengaluru. A lifelong vegetarian, she grows her own produce there to supply most of the family’s food and keeps a pair of Labradors. She meditates every day and follows the ancient Indian philosophy of karma, whereby good deeds contribute to future happiness. She also responds to her daughters at least as quickly as her entrepreneurs. She’s stepped out of meetings to answer their distress calls, including when she left a board meeting to talk her younger teenage daughter through a meltdown. “My best friend hasn’t called and it’s my birthday,” the girl said. These days are considerably more tense for entrepreneurs in India. Venture money is drying up, especially with the retreat of foreign firms like Tiger Global Management. One research firm has started a list of dead or dying start-ups, called the Deadpool, that stretches to more than 800 companies. Kola is funding many of the entrepreneurs who would otherwise be shutting down, just like she did with Snapdeal. She put money into 10 companies in the first three quarters of this year through Kalaari, about the same pace as last year, and has funded another eight start-ups through her accelerator. During a second interview at the coffee shop of a luxury hotel, she sounded more than a little protective of her portfolio companies. “Their death has been foretold many times but I can say this much, these companies are not slated to die,” she said, dipping a biscuit into her cup of ginger-infused green tea. Kola has a majority of her investments in e-commerce, one of the gloomier segments now that Amazon is spending billions to win over customers. Bangalore-based Zivame is a online shop for lingerie that lets people buy intimate clothing more discreetly, while Guarented offers home furniture and appliances on short-term rentals to on-the-move millennials. Mumbai-based Holachef offers 400 freshly-made menu items, a pioneer in a once-popular niche that is now far out of favour. “Foodtech start-ups have gone from everybody-loves-you to nobody-thinks-you-can-succeed,” said Kola. The start-up has streamlined its supply chain and focused on making each transaction profitable as it works to survive the downturn. She believes more than ever that local entrepreneurs will hold their ground against foreign competition. To illustrate, she explains the experience of shopping for a car when she returned to India from the US. There are no lots for customers to check out models, so employees brought cars to her doorstep for test drives. When she finally chose the car she wanted, the salesman arrived at her home with the car, all the necessary paperwork, as well as a basket of flowers, coconut and chocolates “” for the divine offering that is customary before driving a new car in India. “India can never be a repeat of the US or China,” she said. tags from this storyIndia follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNChina follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSME tagsIndia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNChina follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Close Recommended For You John, Sonakshi deliver a punch with ‘Force 2’PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 'Don't panic over scrapped rupees' PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 'Don't panic over scrapped rupees' PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar: Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Stuart Miles27 October 2016Laptops Pocket-lint From £1,749 (with Touch Bar) Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has revamped its MacBook Pro range delivering a device that is thinner, lighter and more powerful, and we were at the Apple Event at the company's headquarters to check it out ahead of it going on sale in November. Rather than just roll out the usual annual revamp of new and improved internal specs, the company has added a new feature, called Touch Bar, that it hopes will change the way you use your Mac in the future. Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Exterior design Now available in grey or the traditional MacBook Pro silver, the new MacBook Pro will come in two sizes, 13- and 15-inch, and three different off the shelf models. It will feature a somewhat familiar design, but with a number of enhancements. On the outside that means all the familiar ports have been removed, like the MacBook that launched in 2015. The MacBook Pro ditches the USB sockets, the SD card slot, DisplayPort, the Magsafe power adapter, in fact everything except the headphone socket - clearly not enough Courage just yet. Don't panic though, the MacBook Pro does have connections. Four Thunderbolt 3 sockets that can be used to power and connect to an array of different devices, supporting standards like USB Type-C, DisplayPort, HDMI and more. Those changes mean that the laptop is now considerably smaller and thinner than before, with Apple being able to shave 3mm off the thickness without resorting to the Apple MacBook Air trick of a thin wedge design.  This is Apple simplifying, but it could also lead, in the short term, to dongle city, as you'll need to use adapters to connect most existing equipment you have, or upgrade to different cables. Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Release date, specs and everything you need to know Pocket-lint Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Under the lid Flip the lid and the new MacBook Pro has gone under a radical design change too. The screen is much brighter, crisper, and more colourful, with the 13-inch model offering a 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution and the 15-inch model 2880 x 1800 pixels. The keyboard has been tightened, getting the same feel as the MacBook, while the trackpad has doubled in size. The keyboard is stiff, certainly compared to the current MacBook Pro range, and it's a similar, but improved, tech found in the current 12-inch MacBook keyboard. It's comfortable to type on, but will take a moment to realign your typing skills. The tighter keyboard is now sandwiched between two speakers that promise a louder, clearer, cleaner noise although we were unable to tell the improvement based on the loud gaggle of journalists at the event keen to get their hands on the new laptop. Pocket-lint Apple MacBook Pro (2016): The Touch Bar While these changes might not affect how you do use your MacBook Pro on a daily basis, the biggest change, and one that is likely to get the biggest wow, is the introduction of a new feature called Touch Bar. The Touch Bar is OLED strip that replaces the Fn and system keys, running across the top of the keyboard. It dynamically changes based on what you're doing and what apps you're using. It doesn't offer any form of haptic feedback however, it's for touch only. That means it can go from offering volume keys one minute to displaying an array of smiling emoji the next. It's very cool, very responsive, and very easy to use. We especially like the ability to scroll through pictures in the Photos App or picking the right emoji in a tweet. The visual performance is similar to the Apple Watch; it is beautifully crisp and clean. Switch apps and the options change, while you can customise the default options all via the settings display. Furthermore, the Touch Bar has a Touch ID sensor buried beneath it at the far right-hand side hidden under a small piece of sapphire crystal (presumably to stop it scratching). That means you'll not only be able to unlock your Mac in the same way you do your iPhone, but also use Apple Pay on the web. While the keyboard is identical in size on both the 13 and 15-inch models, the trackpad on the 15-inch model is considerably larger, meaning more space to work on this bigger model. For those on a budget (a £1,449 sort of budget) there is an entry-level MacBook Pro available without the Touch Bar. This model also only has two Thunderbolt 3 ports. Apple Touch Bar: What can I do with it and what apps are supported? Pocket-lint Apple MacBook Pro (2016): At the core It's not just about the exterior, the internals gets a refresh too with new processors, new graphics, and faster storage. The starting model features a 2.0GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1GHz, 8GB of RAM and 256GB SSD storage and will cost £1,449 making it a very pricey upgrade from the £900 12-inch MacBook or £949 MacBook Air. If you want to get that Touch Bar you'll have to dig deep. Featuring a 2.9GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.3GHz, 8GB of RAM and 256GB SSD it will cost £1,749.  If you want to go big, there is a 15-inch MacBook Pro that comes with the Touch Bar, a 2.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.5GHz, 16GB RAM and 256GB SSD, but that will cost you £2,349. This also gets you AMD Radeon GPU options too. This is Apple returning back to the traditional MacBook Pro pricing of yesteryear and one that will insist you are serious about getting the company's new flagship laptop. There are a number of options, however, like storage, RAM and GPU on the 15-inch models, but the top configurations are costly. First Impressions With or without the Touch Bar the new 2016 Apple MacBook Pro looks to be an amazing laptop that will get MacBook users excited. It's smaller, lighter, but more powerful, bringing the MacBook Pro line back to be ahead of the MacBook launched last year. Adding the Touch Bar is a more innovative move. It gives Apple MacBook Pro users greater touch control they are probably used to without making the entire screen one big touch screen like the iPad. That was something that Steve Jobs always said was a big "no, no". But by adding touch elements that change an adapt, the laptop becomes a lot more intelligent, and smudge free. It's certainly got the wow factor, we can't wait to get to see how it works in the real world. Sections Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Google Play Music gets smarter and much better looking OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Tour the CNET Smart Home Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español HolidayBuyer's Guide CNET Computers Laptops MacBook Pro vs. Surface Book vs. Razer Blade vs. Dell XPS 15 MacBook Pro vs. Surface Book vs. Razer Blade vs. Dell XPS 15 How do Apple's new laptops stack up with the Windows competition? Here's a huge spec breakdown. MacBook Pro vs. Surface Book vs. Razer Blade vs. Dell XPS 15 0 Share: Laptops by Sean Hollister October 27, 2016 12:37 PM PDT @starfire2258 Up Next Does the internet have a fake-news problem? Apple debuts MacBook Pro Apple announces its lightest, thinnest notebook ever. The new laptop features an all-metal design, a Touch Bar, and it comes in two sizes, 13-inch and 15-inch. It also comes in two colors, silver and space gray. 2:05 Close Drag If you really want a MacBook Pro, you'll buy a new MacBook Pro. But maybe you're on the fence. How does the new Mac compare to the Windows competition? Truth be told, there aren't as many direct competitors as you'd think. The recently upgraded Microsoft Surface Book, the 14-inch Razer Blade and the Dell XPS 15 are the main machines you'd probably buy instead -- if you're looking for a lot of processing power in a fairly thin frame. Mac vs. Surface vs. Blade vs. XPS 15-inch MacBook Pro (2016) 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016, w/Touch Bar) 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016) Surface Book w/Performance Base Razer Blade (14-inch, QHD) Dell XPS 15 (4K) Starting price (USD) $2,399 $1,799 $1,499 $2,399 $2,099 $1,699 Materials Aluminum Aluminum Aluminum Aluminum Aluminum Aluminum, carbon fiber Display 15.4-inch 2,880x1,800-pixel 13.3-inch 2,560x1,600-pixel 13.3-inch 2,560x1,600-pixel 13.5-inch 3,000x2,000-pixel 14-inch 3,200x1,800-pixel 15.6-inch 3,840x2,160-pixel Pixel density 220 PPI 227 PPI 227 PPI 267 PPI 262 PPI 282 PPI Dimensions (imperial) 13.75 x 9.48 inches 11.97 x 8.36 inches 11.97 x 8.36 inches 12.3 x 9.14 inches 13.6 x 9.3 inches 14.1 x 9.3 inches Dimensions (metric) 349 x 241 mm 304 x 212 mm 304 x 212 mm 312 x 232 mm 345 x 235mm 357 x 235mm Thickness 0.61 in (15.5mm) 0.59 in (14.9mm) 0.59 in (14.9mm) 0.9 in (22.8 mm) 0.7 in (17.9 mm) 0.66 in (17mm) Weight 4.02 lb (1.83kg) 3.02 lb (1.37kg) 3.02 lb (1.37kg) 3.63 lb (1.65kg) 4.3 lb (1.95kg) 4.5 lb (2.04kg) Operating system Mac OS 10.12 Sierra Mac OS 10.12 Sierra Mac OS 10.12 Sierra Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Windows 10 Home Processors 2.6GHz 4-core Intel Core i7 "Skylake" 2.9GHz 2-core Intel Core i5 "Skylake" 2.0GHz 2-core Intel Core i5 "Skylake" Intel Core i7 "Skylake" (likely 2-core) 2.6GHz 4-core Intel Core i7 "Skylake" 2.3GHz 4-core Intel Core i7 "Skylake" Graphics AMD Radeon Pro 450 (2GB) Intel Iris 550 Intel Iris 540 Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M (2GB) Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 (6GB) Nvidia GeForce GTX 960 (2GB) Up-spec 2.9GHz Core i7, Radeon 460 (4GB) 3.3GHz 2-core Core i7 2.4GHz 2-core Core i7 N/A N/A 2.6GHz 4-core Core i7 Storage 256GB / 512GB / 1TB / 2TB 256GB / 512GB / 1TB 256GB / 512GB / 1TB 256GB / 512GB / 1TB 256GB / 512GB / 1TB 256GB / 512GB / 1TB RAM 16GB 8GB / 16GB 8GB / 16GB 8GB / 16GB 16GB 8GB / 16GB / 32GB Battery 10 hours (mfgr. estimate) 10 hours (mfgr. estimate) 10 hours (mfgr. estimate) 16 hours (mfgr. estimate) 5 hours (mfgr. estimate) 4 hours (CNET test) Networking 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.2 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.0 Killer 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.1 Ports 4x USB-C (Thunderbolt 3), any can charge, 1x 3.5mm headset 4x USB-C (Thunderbolt 3), any can charge, 1x 3.5mm headset 2x USB-C (Thunderbolt 3), any can charge, 1x 3.5mm headset 2x USB 3.0, 3.5mm headset, SD card, Mini DisplayPort, Surface Connect (dock and charge) 3x USB 3.0, 1x USB-C (Thunderbolt 3), 1x HDMI, 3.5mm headset 2x USB 3.0, 1x USB-C (Thunderbolt 3), HDMI, 3.5mm headset, SD card Cameras 720p FaceTime HD 720p FaceTime HD 720p FaceTime HD 8MP rear, 5MP front (1080p) 2MP front Front Touchscreen No No No Yes Yes Yes Extras Touch Bar secondary screen, Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Force Touch trackpad Touch Bar secondary screen, Touch ID fingerprint sensor, Force Touch trackpad Force Touch trackpad Detachable tablet, Windows Hello face sign-in, Surface Pen stylus RGB LED keyboard, optional external graphics with Razer Core dock; also available in cheaper 1080p config Minimal screen bezel; compatible with Dell external battery Because the new Macs haven't moved past Intel's sixth-gen Core processors, they may not actually have much of a speed boost over the Windows competition -- though brand-new AMD graphics may definitely help. Apple claims new MacBook Pros each have twice the graphical power of the ones it released in 2015. Still, that's only on the 15-inch model: most of these Windows machines will likely trounce the 13-inch MacBook Pro's integrated graphics in games and other graphically intensive tasks. And as you can see from the chart, the weight and size advantages also aren't as big as you'd think. Windows machines have made some major strides in the last few years while Apple was working on its big new update. On paper, battery life is definitely still the best reason to buy a Mac, unless you count the Surface Book -- but the Surface Book will likely have a dual-core processor. It's impressive that Apple is quoting 10 hours for the 15-inch quad-core. If you want a touchscreen or stylus, Windows is the way to go. Apple makes Thunderbolt 3 more versatile with USB-C charger Apple designs new ports for MacBook Pro with four Thunderbolt 3 ports; each one can also act as a charger. 2:20 Close Drag And there's always way more to any computer than you'll see in a spec sheet, even when it comes to specs: we're very curious how Apple's speedy new solid-state storage and improved display stack up, too. Plus, the new USB-C ports might make Apple's computer easier to charge -- both Microsoft and Razer's machines use proprietary chargers instead of the new USB charging standard. We'll need to do some extensive testing to be sure. Check out all of today's Apple news here! Correction, 1:10p.m. PT:The 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is $1,799, not $1,499. Also fixed a couple other copy/paste issues with the non-Touch Bar version, which has 2 Thunderbolt 3 ports, not 4. Tags Apple Apple Event Laptops Dell Razer CNET Review Microsoft Surface Book The Surface Book is a high-end laptop and part-time tablet, with some hidden gaming chops. $1,499.00 See it Apple All the latest Apple news, featuring developments on the iPhone, iPad, Macbooks, OS X and much more. Nov 16 Apple's peach emoji looks like a butt again, world rejoices Nov 16 The iPhone camera's newest feature makes life a little easier Nov 15 Apple's $300 coffee-table book filled with iPhones, Macs Nov 15 ​Super Mario Run for iPhone: Release date, price and gameplay All Apple Stories Related Stories Xbox One S lowest price ever for Microsoft Black Friday deals Is the new MacBook Pro a must have? (The 3:59, Ep. 140) 7 ways to keep your MacBook from overheating Best laptops of 2016 Close   Discuss: MacBook Pro vs. Surface Book vs. Razer Blade... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Does the internet have a fake-news problem? CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center


Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > Apple Inc. (AAPL) Unleashes New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar AAPL showed off key Mac computer upgrades with the new MacBook Pro By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Oct 27, 2016, 3:18 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: The Next Thing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Kill Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New MacBook Pro Is Actually a Monster Hit Recent Posts: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 The Next Thing Apple Inc. (AAPL) Will Kill Why Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Ended the Free Supercharger Ride View All Posts Yesterday was Microsoft Corporation’s (NASDAQ:MSFT) turn in the spotlight, but today all eyes were on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). The company just wrapped up an event in Cupertino where it revealed the long-awaited new MacBook Pro, complete with Touch Bar and Touch ID sensor. Here’s what AAPL announced today. Source: Apple The MacBook Pro is a critical anchor in AAPL’s Mac computer lineup. The company has kept its professional users waiting a long time. The MacBook Pro hadn’t seen a revision in over 500 days, and during that time, Microsoft introduced it’s first laptop in the Surface Book — and then took the wraps off a version it claimed offered three times the speed of a 13-inch MacBook Pro. Today, AAPL fired back. The New MacBook Pro After pointing out that this week marks 25 years of Apple laptops, the new MacBook Pro was introduced. Available in 13-inch and 15-inch sizes, the new MacBook Pro is significantly thinner, lighter and more powerful than the previous generation. It has a Force Touch trackpad that has doubled in size and uses the butterfly keyboard pioneered with the new MacBook. 10 Hottest Gadgets for the 2016 Holiday Shopping Season The display is 67% brighter and graphics performance is boosted by over 50% to as much as 130% when working with 3D graphics. The 15-inch MacBook Pros come standard with a sixth generation Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Core i7 CPU, while the 13-inch version comes with the a Core i5 with the option of upgrading to the Core i7. Both offer up to 10-hour battery life. But the big feature is the one everyone’s been talking about for weeks: the Touch Bar. Replacing the function keys is a multi-touch Retina resolution strip. It replaces the function keys, but also changes to display keys and functions that are specific to the application you’re using. It incorporates a Touch ID sensor, for password-free unlocking and Apple Pay online purchases. AAPL also went with USB-C on the new MacBook Pro. But this time — unlike the old MacBook — there are four. So that’s four ports that can be used as any combination of USB, Thunderbolt 3 or power. A lot of MacBook Pro users are still going to have to invest in adapters for their peripherals, but at least they can connect more than one at a time. The company is also offering an entry level 13-inch MacBook Pro without that Touch Bar and just two USB-C ports. It’s thinner than the 13-inch MacBook Air and weighs the same three pounds. Pricing starts at $1,499 for the “budget” 13-inch MacBook Pro, $1,799 for the full featured version and $2,399 for the 15-inch new MacBook Pro. Pre-orders start today. In addtion to the new MacBook Pro, AAPL also discussed Apple TV at its event. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/10/apple-inc-aapl-unleashes-new-macbook-pro-touch-bar/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
null
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: As the lead author of this site, I haven't even had a day off of work in over three years due to my commitment to enriching the Linux hardware experience and the financial struggles of running such an operation single-handedly. If you want to keep blocking ads, please at least consider joining the Phoronix Premium site to help ensure that this site can continue. Thank you. The Idle Power Use Of The Past 19 Linux Kernel Releases Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 27 October 2016 at 03:30 PM EDT. 4 Comments This morning I published the Power Consumption and Efficiency Of The Linux Kernel For The Last Three Years article containing power consumption data for an Intel Haswell system going back to the Linux 3.11 kernel through Linux 4.9 Git. Those were some interesting power consumption numbers under load while here are the idle numbers. The idle tests were still running this morning so I opted to post them later since they're interested in their own right. The same i7-4790K system was used for benchmarking all of these kernels from Linux 3.11 to Linux 4.9 (25 October Git). No other changes were made during the testing process. Each kernel was freshly booted to the Unity desktop and then launched the idle power consumption test for a period of three minutes while monitoring the AC power draw as reported by the WattsUp Power meter. Automating this with the Phoronix Test Suite: MONITOR=sys.power phoronix-test-suite benchmark idle. Here are those idle power results for the Haswell system: The results fluctuated by a few Watts over the past three years of kernel releases but overall wasn't too dramatic for this Core i7 4780K system. There were spikes though to report from Linux 4.3 through Linux 4.5, but fortunately was addressed. The minimum power draw achieved was actually with Linux 4.6 but sadly didn't carry over through to the newer kernels. There's been a lot of work recently on P-State/CPUFreq, making use of scheduler utilization data, and other power management efforts but at the end of the day for this i7-4790K system it hasn't yielded any real shock. The idle data in full via this OpenBenchmarking.org result file. See the rest of the kernel power consumption benchmarks from this morning if you haven't already to see how the kernels compare under load and the performance-per-Watt. 4 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.9-rc5 Released, 4.9 On Track For Possible Release In Three Weeks ZTE ZX DRM Driver Proposed For Linux 4.10 Linux 4.9-rc4 Kernel Released Many AMDGPU & Other DRM Fixes Queued For Linux 4.9 Linux 4.9-rc3 Kernel Released With Various Fixes Con Kolivas Announces First Major Release Of MuQSS, Successor To BFS Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Release date, specs and everything you need to know Chris Hall and Elyse Betters27 October 2016Laptops Apple Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Apple has announced an update to its MacBook Pro, claiming that it's about to change everything again. Taking to the stage at its "Hello Again" event in Cupertino, Tim Cook and chums announced a completely new MacBook Pro, simply called the MacBook Pro.  This new model for 2016 brings in a whole range of changes, sweeping the 2015 MacBook Pro model aside. Here's everything you need to know about the new MacBook Pro. Apple MacBook Pro (2016): Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Apple MacBook Pro (2016) preview: Air apparent MacBook Pro (2016): Design Apple has announced a brand new design for its MacBook Pro family of devices, coming in 13 and 15-inch models. The new MacBook Pro (2016) evolves the unibody design of the previous MacBook Pro, sticking to the compact form factor, but reducing in size once again. It will be available in silver or grey. The new 13-inch MacBook Pro measures 14.9 x 304.1 x 212.4mm and weighs 1.37kg. The new 15-inch MacBook Pro measures 15.5 x 349.3 x 240.7mm and weighs 1.83kg. The reduction in volume as lead to a complete redesign for the internals, with a new cooling system to move air through the body and exhaust out the back. The display is as thin as the little 12-inch MacBook, while the Force Touch trackpad increases in size. However, the biggest changes are the stripping out of all the ports and replacing them with Thunderbolt 3 ports. The second biggest change is the inclusion of a new OLED Touch Bar, sitting in the space where the Fn keys used to sit. Unfortunately, to muddy the waters a little, the entry-level device is slightly lesser-specced, so although it sits in the same design, it only has two ports and no Touch Bar. This is the basic breakdown of new MacBook Pro models: 13-inch MacBook Pro, two Thunderbolt 3 ports 13-inch MacBook Pro, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, Touch Bar 15-inch MacBook Pro, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, touch Bar Pocket-lint MacBook Pro (2016): Touch Bar The Touch Bar is the real talking point of the new MacBook Pro, and likely to be the feature that sells this new design to a wide number of people. The Touch Bar replaces the Fn keys and is a second Retina display. This OLED panel supports up to 10-points of touch and is full colour, designed to change its options depending on what you're doing on your Mac. It will offer things like volume sliders, shortcuts in your browser, text predictions when typing and tools when using more advanced programs. For example, Apple demonstrated how Photoshop tools would appear on Touch Bar, how Microsoft Word tools could appear on the Touch Bar and how basic system controls could appear there too. There can also be a full emoji bar on Touch Bar, making it really easy to respond to messages with minimal fuss. The Touch Bar will also incorporate the power button, which also integrates Touch ID, with a secure chip in the MacBook Pro, meaning you can touch to make payments. Apple Touch Bar: What can I do with it and what apps are supported? MacBook Pro (2016): Specs and hardware The new MacBook Pros offer a range of Intel Core i CPUs, with a huge range of options for RAM, storage and on the larger model, GPUs. The basic 13-inch MacBook Pro (without Touch Bar) starts with a 2.0GHz Core i5, 256GB SSD storage and 8GB RAM. Graphics come from onboard Intel Iris 540. As we mentioned there are two Thunderbolt ports. It has a 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution display, 277ppi. The 13-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar) starts with a 2.9GHz Core i5, 256GB SSD storage and 8GB RAM. Graphics are supplied by the Intel Iris 550. This model gets four Thunderbolt 3 ports. It has a 2560 x 1600 pixel resolution display, 277ppi. Finally the 15-inch MacBook Pro (with Touch Bar) starts with 2.6GHz Core i7, 256GB SSD storage and 16GB RAM. Graphics come from the AMD Radeon Pro 450 (2GB) with Intel HD Graphics 530. There are four Thunderbolt 3 ports. It has a 2880 x 1800 pixel resolution display, for 220ppi. MacBook Pro (2016): Release date and price The new MacBook Pro models are available to buy on from Apple today, with delivery depending on the model you choose. The basic 13-inch MacBook Pro is looking at delivery on 29 October, but the more advanced MacBook Pro models with Touch Bar are looking at 3-4 week delivery times. Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch: From £1,499 Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar: From £1,749 Apple MacBook Pro 15-inch with Touch Bar: From £2,349 There are a wide range of configuration options that make the price vary huge amounts, running up to over £4000 for the top spec MacBook Pro 15-inch. Sections Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Google Play Music gets smarter and much better looking OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint

InsideTimmies SyrupShop Community News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests News Phones Phones The $599 OnePlus 3T will launch in Canada on November 22nd November 15, 2016 OnePlus launches teaser game for fans to play while waiting for the 3T November 15, 2016 Win a Telus Google Pixel XL November 14, 2016 BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Surface Book i7 Review: One for the pros November 10, 2016 Dell is reportedly building an all-in-one Windows 10 mobile Continuum device November 9, 2016 iPad gains market share as the overall tablet market shrinks October 31, 2016 What to expect from Microsoft’s October 26th Windows event October 25, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables New video shows Nokia’s cancelled ‘Moonraker’ smartwatch in action November 15, 2016 W|W: The Wearable Weekly – Virtual Reality is now the superior reality November 15, 2016 Apple looking to expand wearable product line by testing smart glasses, says report November 14, 2016 Samsung tears down its own Gear S3 smartwatch to reveal what’s inside November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories Apple releases $300 coffee table book devoted to its products November 15, 2016 Apple will launch wireless AirPod headphones by November 19th according to European reseller November 10, 2016 Samsung Gear S3 smartwatch release date pushed to November 23rd in Canada November 10, 2016 Google’s Daydream View VR headset is now available in Canada for $99 November 10, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Montreal installs 50 electric vehicle charging networks across the city November 11, 2016 Vespa reveals plans to release an electric scooter called the Elettrica November 9, 2016 Tesla acquires automated manufacturing company to boost production November 8, 2016 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps Apple is now cleaning up its App Store with nearly 50,000 apps removed in October November 15, 2016 Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 Snapchat parent company has reportedly confidentially filed for IPO November 15, 2016 Google launches PhotoScan to optimize print photographs for digital November 15, 2016 VIEW ALL Carriers Carriers Videotron says it’s testing internet that can reach download speeds of up to 10Gbps November 15, 2016 Vidéotron once again snags top telecom provider in Quebec November 14, 2016 Rogers and Fido’s new EnRoute tool lets customers track technicians from their phone November 14, 2016 Public Mobile launches U.S. roaming options [Update] November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Plans Plans CRTC hearing on differential pricing for Canadian data plans begins this week October 31, 2016 Top Canadian mobile stories from the past week October 9, 2016 Reminder: Exclusive Chatr plans for ex-Mobilicity customers end on October 3 [Update] September 27, 2016 CRTC will implement wholesale access to fibre optic internet September 20, 2016 VIEW ALL Manufacturers Manufacturers Samsung acquires Halifax-based Rich Communications Services November 15, 2016 Winnipeg man says Samsung Galaxy S7 combusted in his hands November 15, 2016 Samsung makes largest overseas acquisition ever with Harman International purchase November 14, 2016 Asus to unveil Google Tango-enabled AR smartphone in January November 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Reviews Phones Phones BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 LG G5, six months later October 31, 2016 Asus Zenfone 3 review: The best mid-range camera experience October 22, 2016 Google Pixel review: The high-end Android you’ve been waiting for October 18, 2016 VIEW ALL Tablets Tablets Acer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternative you’re looking for August 9, 2016 Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in-1 crown May 25, 2016 Kindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a high-end tablet May 4, 2016 9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build March 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Wearables Wearables Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 Charge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best fit for you October 12, 2016 PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Pokémon Go Plus review: Professor Oak would not approve September 28, 2016 VIEW ALL Accessories Accessories AirPods review: Welcome to the wireless future September 19, 2016 Samsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye September 4, 2016 Vancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone into an action camera August 31, 2016 Gear 360 Hands-on: Samsung finally lets its 360 camera out to play August 2, 2016 VIEW ALL Automotive Automotive Jaguar takes aim at Tesla with electric I-Pace concept car November 15, 2016 Android Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap November 8, 2016 2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over July 16, 2016 Android Auto review December 31, 2015 VIEW ALL Games/Apps Games/Apps PlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream October 5, 2016 Hands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle October 4, 2016 Facebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android aimed at emerging markets October 3, 2016 Science News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of science [App of the Week] September 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Features Latest Latest BlackBerry DTEK60 Review: Secure Android goes high-end November 14, 2016 A look at the 2016 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar [Gallery] November 14, 2016 Fitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 VIEW ALL Tête-à-tête Tête-à-tête Tête-à-Tête: HTC Vive vs. PlayStation VR – Which VR headset is more impressive? September 26, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: How are Apple, Samsung, and BlackBerry playing the enterprise game? March 5, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: Has John Chen lost his mind? January 25, 2015 Tête-à-Tête: What is the appeal of the BlackBerry Classic? December 15, 2014 VIEW ALL SyrupCast SyrupCast SyrupCast 95: Living the next four years in a virtual world November 11, 2016 SyrupCast 94: Why the big three don’t want to keep things neutral November 4, 2016 SyrupCast 93: Can Microsoft out Apple by being Apple? October 28, 2016 SyrupCast 92: Goodbye Guy, Hello Elon’s driverless future October 21, 2016 VIEW ALL Buyers’ Guide Buyers' Guide Amazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items November 1, 2016 Father’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad June 17, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad June 15, 2016 Father’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad June 14, 2016 VIEW ALL Editorials Editorials Here’s what living the USB-C dongle life is like November 15, 2016 Net neutrality vs. differential pricing: CRTC hearing discusses mobile internet in Canada November 7, 2016 What it’s like to be a Canadian at Google’s Indie Games Festival October 5, 2016 What Shomi’s closure means for the Canadian streaming market September 27, 2016 VIEW ALL App/Game of the Week App/Game of the Week Learn five new things every day with Curiosity [App of the Week] November 13, 2016 RunGunJumpGun is a Canadian-developed game about running and gunning [Game of the Week] November 12, 2016 Get your sleep cycle on track with Pillow [App of the Week] November 6, 2016 Do a backflip in Pumped BMX 3 [Game of the Week] November 5, 2016 VIEW ALL Resources How-to’s How-to's Here’s how to mute keywords and phrases on Twitter November 15, 2016 How to get the most out of Google Assistant November 1, 2016 How to get the most of out the iPhone 7 Plus’ Portrait Mode October 29, 2016 How to return your Samsung Galaxy Note 7 through Canadian carriers October 11, 2016 VIEW ALL Coverage Map Outage Map About About Us Contact & Tips Advertise Contests Close Apple announces new and improved MacBook Pro with OLED Touch Bar Canadian pricing and availability for the new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro laptops Apple releases new 13-inch MacBook Pro with traditional function keys Rose Behar October 27, 2016 2:23pm In addition to its ground-breaking new MacBook Pro which eschews traditional function keys for a new adaptive Touch Bar, the company is also debuting a 13-inch MacBook Pro with traditional function keys. The laptop has a 2GHz dual-core Intel i5 processor with an Intel Iris Graphics 540 GPU. The computer also stocks 8GB of RAM and two Thunderbolt 3 ports — not four like its more expensive siblings. It also ditches the SD card slot found on the Macbook Air, which Apple continues to sell through its online store. The 13-inch MacBook Pro with function keys begins at $1,899 CAD, and begins shipping immediately. Related: Apple reveals new ‘TV’ app to provide a more unified viewing experience Waqqas Khokhar Errr… this shouldn’t be news TrickyDickie It’s Apple… Of course it should! PreferredGeoff $1899 starting for a traditional keyboard. Wow I can buy a lot of other computers that do the same things and have money to spend elsewhere. Apple has slowly priced me out of their products and made them for the rich and famous. KiwiBri Dang.. Thats some serious $$. Let’s see what surface pro 5 will reveal next year Mo Dabbas Oh, so there are two versions of the macbook pro? one with the magic F-bar key and one with normal one? Aaron Hoyland Yes, exactly. Two 13″ models and one 15″ model. Plus they’re still selling the 13″ MacBook Air and the old 13″ Retina MacBook Pro. FlamesFan89 Ground breaking? Lenovo had an adaptive function bar a couple years ago on the X1 Carbon. Touch-typists hated it, and rightly so. Jay Mac No new MacBook Air? Get Updates Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Categories News Reviews Features Resources Contests Contact About Us Advertise Jobs Social Twitter Pinterest Facebook RSS Google+ Instagram YouTube Search Get Updates © 2016 MobileSyrup.com. Privacy | Terms of Use
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Tech Apple's new MacBook Pros will keep your fingerprint secure like the iPhone by Russell Brandom@russellbrandom Oct 27, 2016, 1:58pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Apple has included a surprising new chip in its new MacBook Pro. Onstage at the company’s Fall event, Apple’s Phil Schiller revealed a new T1 chip, manufactured by Apple, that will bring the Secure Enclave on the new generation of laptops. iPhones and iPads have included Secure Enclave hardware for years, but this is the first instance of those protections on an Apple laptop. The T1 isn’t the main processor, and most functions will still rely on Intel’s Core i5 or i7chips, but including an Apple-made chip enables a number of important security features. Apple’s A7 chip — included in iPhones and iPads — is encoded with an inextractible private key at the factory, as part of the A7’s Secure Enclave. That private key is then used for a number of security functions, including decrypting iMessages. Previous MacBooks have typically stored private keys in software-accessible memory, a less secure alternative made necessary by reliance on third-party chips. Those features are particularly important for TouchID, which is built into the new MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar. That TouchID sensor, included on a MacBook for the first time, enables a single machine to switch between user accounts immediately after recognizing a registered print. The Secure Enclave’s protections are central to TouchID, ensuring that attackers can’t extract fingerprint information from the device, an attack that has been demonstrated on some Android phones. See all of the Apple news right here! First look at the new MacBook Pro In this Storystream Apple’s MacBook Pro event: all the news from the October 2016 keynote Apple says new MacBook Pro has only 16GB of RAM to save battery life Apple's new MacBook Pros will keep your fingerprint secure like the iPhone Apple adds Touch Bar and Touch ID to the new MacBook Pro View all 17 stories Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending This tiny supersonic jet could be the next generation Concorde Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images The OnePlus 3T is a souped-up version of the OnePlus 3 This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Home  |  Computer  |  Features  | How Microsoft is Planning to Change the Way We Use Computers How Microsoft is Planning to Change the Way We Use Computers Microsoft’s Windows 10 event was full of surprises and important updates for Windows fans around the globe. Let’s have a look how it’s going to change computing. By: Rohit Arora Published: Thursday, October 27, 2016, 21:30 [IST] Microsoft at its 'What's next for Windows 10' event introduced several new innovative hardware products and also showcased what company is bringing to Windows 10 operating system. The highlight of the event was the new Surface Book, the new Surface Studio Machine and the Creator update for Windows 10, which will redefine the way artists and designers create digital art on touch screen devices. SEE ALSO: Moto M Leaked again: Live Images shows a new Metal Design, Android Marshmallow and more While it's too early to say when Microsoft will unveil them in the Indian market, let's find out what innovation they bring to table and how they will change the way we interact with computers. Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Create Digital Art in an all new way with Surface Studio Microsoft expanded the Surface family by introducing Surface Studio, a new class of device that transforms from a standard workstation into a digital canvas for artists and designers. It features an ultra-HD 4.5K screen, which as per Microsoft delivers 63 percent more pixels than a state-of-the-art 4K TV. The workstation offers an immersive way to create on the thinnest LCD monitor ever built. The Surface Studio works with pen, touch and Surface Dial- a new input device that lets you use two hands on the screen to compose and create in all new ways. Portable and Powerful Upgraded Surface Book Pro One of the most-anticipated product showcase at the event was new Surface Book Pro. Microsoft showcased three new Surface Book models that feature 6th Generation Intel CoreTM i7 processors and pack more than twice the graphics processing power as the original Surface Book. The new Surface Book claims to have 16 hours of battery life and offers the same sleek design As far as pricing goes, the new model is priced at $2399 (approximately Rs. 1,60,345) and will be available for preorders in the US now. There is no word about global availability of the product. Click Here For New Laptops Best Online Deals Windows 10 Creators Update is all you need Microsoft also showcased an update for Windows 10, which includes tools for creative professionals and artists. The free update will roll out in Spring 2017 and will enable Windows 10 users to create, share and experience in 3-D and mixed reality and will empower every gamer to be a broadcaster. The Creators Update will also make Microsoft Edge the first browser to fully embrace 3-D. Surface Dial- a new tool way to interact with Displays One of the most unique product that Microsoft showcased was- Surface Dial. It is a new peripheral designed for the creative process. The device works with Windows 10 and offers a more intuitive way to scroll, zoom and navigate. It brings a set of digital tools specific to the app open on Surface Studio, for example, Surface Dial allows artists to change the color or the size of their brush tip as they paint without ever moving the pen away from the screen. Windows 10 VR headset Last but not least, Microsoft has also unveiled the next generation Virtual Reality headset. The new headset will include inside-out tracking sensors, obviating the need for external cameras or laser systems like those on the current Oculus Rift or HTC Vive. This is once again a next step in Virtual reality technology. The new range of software and hardware products shown above, is Microsoft's bold attempt to change the way we interact with touch screen devices. In the words of Microsoft, the combination of Surface Dial, pen and touch creates a more immersive and tactile way for people to create in digital environments. Now all eyes are on Apple's upcoming MacBook, which is expected to launch soon and will be the right competitor for Microsoft's innovative products. Click Here for New Smartphones Best Online Deals Stay tuned to GizBot for more updates! Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 7 Specifications Photos Videos News Specifications Photos Videos News Iphone 6s 16gb 40,999 Apple Iphone 7 32gb 57,899 Gallery   |   13 Photos Apple iPhone 6s +See All Read More About microsoft | windows 10 | news | windows | apps | laptops Other articles published on Oct 27, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... Reliance Jio DTH vs Airtel DTH: Will the New Entrant Give Tough Competition? JioMoney: How to Use the Reliance Jio Wallet App and Lead a Cashless Day With Ease Apple rumoured to unveil curved, bezel-free iPhones next year Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Here's How Reliance Jio Users Can Book Tickets Without Cash Shocking News: Reliance Jio to Immediately Interrupt Free 4G Services This App is Helping People find Working ATM Reliance Jio GigaFiber vs Airtel V-Fiber vs BSNL Broadband 5 Ways OnePlus 3T Is Different From the Original OnePlus 3 You Can Book IRCTC Tickets Via Paytm, JioMoney, Airtel Money, eWallets Top 10 Full HD Display Smartphones to Buy in India 2016 2022 will see 550 million 5G subscriptions; India, US to lead the way WeChat may help users feel better Google wants Indian youth to be 'good digital citizens' Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers latest mobiles And Tablets Videocon Delite 21 Vivo V5 Plus Vivo V5 ZTE BV0800 Gionee S9 Intex Aqua Power M Celkon Trendz Asus Zenfone Go 5.5 ZB551KL Micromax Canvas Tab P290 iBall Slide Brace X1 4G iBall Slide Brace X1 Mini iBall Slide Brace X1 Asus Zenpad C 7.0 Z170CG Acer Iconia One 7 B1 740 Swipe Slate 8 iBall Slide DD-1GB popular mobile And Tablet Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LeEco Le 2 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Lenovo Vibe K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) Samsung Galaxy A7 (2016) BlackBerry PlayBook (32GB) Apple iPad 2 Wi-Fi 16GB Sony Xperia Tablet Z LTE Samsung P1000 Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 10.1 P5100 Samsung Google Nexus 10 P8110 (16GB) Apple iPad mini Wi-Fi + Cellular 16GB BlackBerry PlayBook (16GB) X SUBSCRIBE GIZBOT NEWSLETTER Get Latest Technology News From India And Around The World Into Your Inbox Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Lenovo Phab 2 PlusAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC520TLIntex Aqua Power MMicromax X940Videocon Graphite2 V45GDSamsung Galaxy On NxtLYF F1 PlusIntex Aqua Pro 4GVideocon Krypton2 V50GIInFocus F130InFocus F115Swipe Elite 2 PlusZTE Nubia Z11 MiniInFocus EPIC 1Intex Cloud Scan FP Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Systems Reviews 6 Review: PC Specialist Fusion Curve by Parm Mann on 27 October 2016, 15:00 Tags: PC Specialist, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadaeo Add to My Vault: Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Memory 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: Gaming 7 - Benchmarks: Power Consumption 8 - Benchmarks: Temperature 9 - Benchmarks: Noise 10 - Conclusion Introduction Want to a fashionable PC that looks the part and keeps cable clutter down to a minimum? Then you should have all-in-ones near the top of your shopping list. Tucking all the hardware in behind the screen and abandoning the traditional tower is a great way of keeping things tidy, however limitations in size and cooling have historically restricted performance. Gamers, therefore, haven't shown a great deal of interest in all-in-one solutions, but things are beginning to change and with the 34in Fusion Curve, PC Specialist hopes to prove that streamlined gaming PCs are coming of age. It's certainly a looker. The large, ultra-wide 34in panel curves gently from left to right, creating the wrap-around environment that has proven successful on consumer displays. A reasonably slim 15mm bezel does little to detract from the overall effect, and though the 720p webcam jutting out from the top is a bit of an eye-sore, it can easily be removed to reveal a spare USB 3.0 port. The matte panel, identified as a Samsung LTM340YP01 a-Si TFT-LCD, offers a generous 3,440x1,440 resolution, decent viewing angles as well as good brightness (350cd/m2), a 3000:1 contrast ratio and a 60Hz refresh rate. It's an enjoyable place to be, but it's a sign of how far displays have come that the Fusion Curve arguably isn't breathtaking. If you're inclined to live near the bleeding edge, you may lament the lack of G-Sync, OLED contrast, or the ability to go beyond 100Hz. Build quality is a tale of two halves. The metal stand and front bezels provide a robust and sleek aesthetic, but around back the vented plastic cover doesn't exude the same level of quality. Attaching the heavy display to the stand is as easy as fastening a couple of screws, and we're impressed by how such a thin base can accommodate a screen as substantial as this. There are a couple of caveats, however, as while the stand allows for a small amount of tilt, there's no height adjustment nor swivel, making it tricky to find a sweet spot. Alternatively, a VESA mount is provided in the box for wall-mounting or compatibility with third-party stands. In terms of inputs and outputs, the power button is located on the underside, near the right corner, alongside a small joystick for navigating the panel's on-screen menus. In addition to the top USB 3.0 port, there are two further USB ports around back (1x 2.0, 1x 3.0), as well as an SD card reader and a pair of audio jacks. The rest of the connectivity options are determined by the motherboard, and seeing as this is a gaming PC first and foremost, let's take a peek under the hood. Undoing a dozen or so screws allows for the I/O cover and plastic shroud to be removed, revealing a busy interior with some truly high-end hardware. Our review sample's foundation is an Asus Z170I Pro Gaming mini-ITX motherboard, on top of which sits an Intel Core i7-6700K processor, 16GB of dual-channel Kingston HyperX Savage DDR4-2666 memory, and a 512GB Intel 600p M.2 SSD. That's already enough to put most all-in-ones to shame, yet there's also a 1TB WD Black hard disk for secondary storage, a low-profile liquid cooler attached to the CPU, a pair of basic stereo speakers, and last but certainly not least, an EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW Gaming ACX 3.0 graphics card. A tantalising mix, and the Fusion Curve manages to shoehorn everything into a reasonably slim frame with some interesting cooling configurations. The CPU's liquid cooler is channelled to a top radiator measuring roughly 160mm x 40mm in size and aided by a centrifugal fan, while the graphics card points down, leading us to wonder whether or not a Founders Edition would have been a better fit in terms of airflow. Said graphics card's HDMI output is pre-plumbed to the display, while the two PSUs (a 120W unit for the screen and a 450W unit for the PC) are daisy-chained to require only a single mains power cable. Handy, though do note that the power port and motherboard connectors aren't the easiest to reach when the display is up and running - we found it simpler to connect the cables prior to attaching the stand. PC Specialist backs the entire system with a three-year warranty, but all-in-ones tend not to come cheap, and Fusion Curve is no exception. Our review sample fetches £2,449, which is at least a couple of hundred pounds more than a similarly-powered desktop combined with a standalone 34in ultra-wide display. Such a premium is not unexpected, and the real question here is whether or not the components can live comfortably in seemingly tight confines. With that in mind, let's see what the benchmarks have to say. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Test Methodology 3 - Benchmarks: CPU 4 - Benchmarks: Memory 5 - Benchmarks: Storage 6 - Benchmarks: Gaming 7 - Benchmarks: Power Consumption 8 - Benchmarks: Temperature 9 - Benchmarks: Noise 10 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 591 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Microsoft Surface Book i7 (2016): Not an overhaul, but certainly more oomph Christopher Picaro26 October 2016Laptops Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Microsoft made a new Surface Book. And it looks a lot like last year's model. The company introduced a refreshed Surface Book i7 during its hardware event in New York City, where we got a chance to play with the device for a few minutes. Microsoft told us the laptop-tablet hybrid has more battery life and an Nvidia GeForce GTX 965M GPU. It's claiming up to 16 hours of battery life in total, which is helped by a redesigned cooling system. Because of that system, the Surface Book i7 is actually heavier. The 2016 Surface Book has been redesigned "from the outside in". It added a cooling fan and a pair of hyperbolic cooling fans at the back to keep temps down. While the trend is to go thinner and lighter every year when it comes to laptops (and mobile devices in general), Microsoft upped the weight from 3.48 pounds to 3.63 and made it slightly thicker. Microsoft October Event: All the announcements that matter Pocket-lint While the new Surface Book lacks Intel's latest Kaby Lake processors, graphics have been doubled compared to the original model. RAM also sits at 2GB. Microsoft claimed you'll get more than three times the power of the current MacBook Pro 13-inch. So, all you're getting with this update is more graphics power and battery. It's not an exactly an overhaul, to say the least. But, if it’s not broke, don’t fix it. We guess. Microsoft told us the request it received the most was to up the battery power and graphics. Instead of adding a bunch of new features, it did exactly that. Though it may be a little heavier and thicker, you don't really notice. It still looks great visually. We used it with the Pen, and the device worked smoothly. When writing with Pen, it had the feel of using a pencil on paper, but you have the ability to change what you are writing at any time and with more options. Pocket-lint First Impressions Microsoft went pretty simple here - upgrading a few things that are important to any user. However, it did add what was created for other devices, such as the Surface Studio, like the use of 3D and the Surface Dial. Though Microsoft only demoed the Dial on the Surface Studio, it does work on the Surface Book, as well as the Surface Pro 3 and Surface Pro 4. You can read more about what we thought of the Dial in our Studio hands-on. If you're in the market for the latest and greatest from Redmond, the updated Surface Book will be available on 10 November in 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB configurations. It'll cost $2,399, $2,799, and $3,299, respectively. Sections Microsoft Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? Best UK Black Friday and Cyber Monday 2016 deals Google Play Music gets smarter and much better looking Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? Best Black Friday UK tablet deals: iPad, Android, Surface, Amazon and more Best Black Friday UK games deals: Amazing PS4, Xbox One and Nintendo deals Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release University Teams Win Berths at Prestigious Applied Research and Policy Competitions At NYU Cyber Security Awareness Week By Published: Oct 27, 2016 12:38 p.m. ET Share BROOKLYN, N.Y., Oct. 27, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Top university students in cybersecurity research and policy scholarship will present their papers at New York University Tandon School of Engineering's Cyber Security Awareness Week (CSAW), the largest student-run cybersecurity competition in the world, November 10-12, 2016. The Applied Research Competition is a prestigious contest for graduate and doctoral level security researchers who have published papers in the past year. The Policy Competition, in its third year, challenges students to propose public policy solutions to real-world computer security challenges. The CSAW Policy Competition is organized by the NYU Center for Cybersecurity. As CSAW expands this year to include on-site competition hubs in the United Arab Emirates and at the Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur, finalists in the Applied Research Competition — one of six CSAW contests — will compete at NYU Tandon in Brooklyn and at NYU Abu Dhabi. Ten papers on the application of security technology, the implementation of security systems, or lessons learned made the final round in the United States. CSAW Applied Research finalists, listed with the student author presenting the work at CSAW, followed by other contributing authors are: Acing the IOC Game: Toward Automatic Discovery and Analysis of Open-Source Cyber Threat IntelligenceStudent Presenter: Kan Yuan (Indiana University, Bloomington) Xiaojing Liao and Raheem Beyah (Georgia Institute of Technology), Xiaofeng Wang and Luyi Xing (Indiana University, Bloomington), Zhou Li (ACM member) TrackMeOrNot: Enabling Flexible Control on Web TrackingStudent Presenter: Wei Meng (Georgia Institute of Technology) Byoungyoung Lee and Wenke Lee (Georgia Institute of Technology), Xinyu Xing (Pennsylvania State University) Measuring and Mitigating AS-level Adversaries Against TorStudent Presenter: Oleksii Starov (Stony Brook University) Risah Nithyanand (Stony Brook University), Adva Zair and Michael Schapira (Hebrew University Jerusalem), and Phillipa Gill (University of Massachusetts) Trusted Browsers for Uncertain TimesStudent Presenter: David Kohlbrenner (University of California, San Diego) Hovav Shacham (University of California, San Diego) Towards SDN-Defined Programmable BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) SecurityStudent Presenter: Sungmin Hong (Texas A&M University) Robert Baykov, Lei Xu, Srinath Nadimpalli, and Guofei Gu (Texas A&M University) Hidden Voice CommandsStudent Presenter: Tavish Vaidya (Georgetown University) Nicholas Carlini, Pratyush Mishra, and David Wagner (University of California, Berkeley), Yuankai Zhang, Micah Sherr, Clay Shields, and Wenchao Zhou (Georgetown University) One Bit Flips, One Cloud Flops: Cross-VM Row Hammer Attacks and Privilege EscalationStudent Presenter: Yuan Xiao (The Ohio State University) Xiaokuan Zhang, Yinqian Zhang, and Radu Teodorescu (The Ohio State University) APISan: Sanitizing API Usages through Semantic Cross-CheckingStudent Presenter: Insu Yun (Georgia Institute of Technology) Yeongjin Jang, Taesoo Kim, and Changwoo Min (Georgia Institute of Technology), Xujie Si and Mayur Naik (University of Pennsylvania) A Principled Approach for ROP DefenseStudent Presenter: Rui Qiao (Stony Brook University) R Sekar (Stony Brook University), Mingwei Zhang (Intel Labs) SPIFFY: Inducing Cost-Detectability Tradeoffs for Persistent Link-Flooding AttacksStudent presenter: Min Suk Kang (Carnegie Mellon University) Virgil D. Gligor and Vyas Sekar (Carnegie Mellon University) "We chose research finalists based on innovative ideas that top industry security researchers thought might someday transform our approach to securing their systems," said Damon McCoy, assistant professor in the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at NYU Tandon School of Engineering, and CSAW Applied Research Competition faculty mentor. The five CSAW Policy Competition finalists are: George Mason University School of Law and George Washington University School of LawExpanding FTC Authority to Seek Consumer Redress for Intangible Privacy Harms Katie Morehead, Austin Mooney, and Julian Flamant The Pennsylvania State UniversityIncentivizing the Free Market Protection of Consumer Information Nicholas Pisciotta University of Illinois College of LawCorrecting Market Failure Through the Expansion of Federal Trade Commission Authority Magdala Boyer, Michael Burdi, Matthew Chang, Kathleen Kramer, Matthew Loar, Mark Nagel, and Bradley Williams University of Illinois at Urbana-ChampaignImproving Enterprise Security via a Secure Software Toolkit Matthew Dyas, Ankur Sundara, Arianna Osar, Shao Yie Soh, Arshia Malkani, Eric Hennenfent, John Paul Smith, and Malachi Loviska United States Naval AcademyStandardization, Certification, and Enforcement: Leveraging Market Effects to Incentivize Data Protection on a National Scale Dennis Devey and Sydney Frankenberg This year, students learned how market failures can lead to consumer data breaches, and responded with a government policy proposal to address these failures. "The rapidly evolving cybersecurity landscape has raised questions about how much money companies should spend on data security," said Kevin Kirby, a third-year student at the NYU School of Law and student leader of the CSAW Policy Competition. "We asked our competitors for policy proposals that would ensure that the true costs of data insecurity are allocated appropriately." The University of Illinois and the United States Naval Academy will return as finalists once again this year after placing among the podium finishers in both 2014 and 2015. All finalists will present a revised and expanded version of their first-round proposal to a panel of experts who will evaluate the feasibility of the authors' proposals, the creativity of their ideas, and their understanding of the issues at play. Sponsors for CSAW 2016 are: Gold Level — Palo Alto Networks, Trend Micro, and U.S. Department of Homeland Security; Silver Level — Bridgewater, Google, IBM, and Kroll; Bronze Level — Bank of America, Facebook, Jefferies, Navy Civilian Careers, NCC Group, Raytheon, Two Sigma; Supporting Level — Bloomberg, Cubic, EY, Intel, National Security Agency, Optiv, The Ruth & Jerome A. Siegel Foundation, Sandia National Laboratories, and U.S. Secret Service; Contributing Level — ACSA, Altera, Carnegie Mellon University and Cigital. For more information on CSAW, visit https://csaw.engineering.nyu.edu. Follow @CSAW_NYUTandon. About the NYU Tandon School of Engineering The NYU Tandon School of Engineering dates to 1854, when the New York University School of Civil Engineering and Architecture as well as the Brooklyn Collegiate and Polytechnic Institute (widely known as Brooklyn Poly) were founded. Their successor institutions merged in January 2014 to create a comprehensive school of education and research in engineering and applied sciences, rooted in a tradition of invention, and entrepreneurship and dedicated to furthering technology in service to society. In addition to its main location in Brooklyn, NYU Tandon collaborates with other schools within the country's largest private research university and is closely connected to engineering programs in NYU Abu Dhabi and NYU Shanghai. It operates business incubators in downtown Manhattan and Brooklyn and an award-winning online graduate program. For more information, visit http://engineering.nyu.edu . About the NYU Center for Cyber Security The NYU Center for Cybersecurity (CCS) is an interdisciplinary research institute dedicated to training the current and future generations of cybersecurity professionals and to shaping the public discourse and policy, legal, and technological landscape on issues of cybersecurity. NYU CCS is collaboration between NYU School of Law, NYU Tandon School of Engineering, and other NYU schools and departments. For more information, visit http://cyber.nyu.edu . www.facebook.com/nyutandon             @nyupoly Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151013/276541LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/university-teams-win-berths-at-prestigious-applied-research-and-policy-competitions-at-nyu-cyber-security-awareness-week-300352767.html SOURCE NYU Tandon School of Engineering Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
SiliconValley.com Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS   Social Web Mobile Cloud Gadgets Cleantech VC Data Games Policy Media   The 25 highest-rated companies for vacation and paid time off By Levi Sumagaysay / October 27, 2016 at 9:16 AM The Bay Area and Silicon Valley are home to those who brag about their 80-hour workweeks, but the region is also home to companies that are highly rated for their vacation and time-off policies. Those companies include Google, Salesforce, Intel and Kaiser Permanente, which is based in Oakland. Glassdoor, the Bay Area-based jobs site that collects anonymous employee ratings of their companies, bosses and more, today published a survey of the 25 highest-rated companies for vacation and paid time off. No. 1 on the list is Thousand Oaks-based biotech company Amgen, with a 4.7 out of 5 rating. Internet giant Google, based in Mountain View, was the highest-rated Bay Area company on the list, at No. 4 with a 4.5 rating. Employees start off with three weeks of vacation, which tops out at five weeks, they said on Glassdoor, noting that managers are pretty good about letting people take that time. Employees also can take up to three months of sabbatical. “I get plenty of vacation time.” one Googler wrote on Glassdoor. “My wife and I have trouble figuring out how we’re going to use it all.” Salesforce wasn’t far behind at No. 6 with a 4.4 rating. Employees of the San Francisco cloud company reported three to four weeks of paid time off, along with four floating holidays and six paid volunteering days. Directors and above can have unlimited time off, they tell Glassdoor. The next Bay Area company on the list, healthcare provider Kaiser, got employee kudos for its “extremely generous PTO” policy, which is based on the number of years of service with the company. Employees also reported being able to roll over and sell unused time. Intel, at No. 18 on the list, got a 4.3 rating. The Santa Clara chip company’s employees reported three to four weeks of vacation, plus a sabbatical program. Other household names on the list include Ikea, Microsoft, Costco and General Motors. To be considered for Glassdoor’s survey, companies must have received at least 30 ratings about vacation and paid time off, and have an overall company rating of at least 3.5 as of Sept. 29. To see the full list and survey, click here.   Photo: Tourists enjoy the beach at the resort city of Cancun, Mexico, in 2009. (Associated Press) Share this: Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google More Pinterest Tumblr   Tags: Glassdoor, Google, Intel, kaiser, Perks, Salesforce, vacation   More Posts in GMSV On topic: Tech news to know now November 15, 2016   Tech industry sends Donald Trump a wish list November 15, 2016   Off topic: Human population, Hall of Fame toys, making condoms, letters to President Obama November 15, 2016       Share this Post Tweet           About SiliconBeat Sign up for the Good Morning Silicon Valley newsletter GMSV     Tweets from @siliconbeat/siliconbeat   Popular Posts Is activist investor Starboard looking to run at Hewlett… Google’s close ally picked for President-elect Donald… Social media and the election through the eyes of Donald… Google to treat fake-news websites like porn and ban its ads Petition for electoral college coup against Trump gets more…     Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005   Related Feeds 60-Second Business Break Green Energy News Opinion Personal Tech Venture Capital                       Education WordPress Theme by Copyright © 2016 Bay Area News Group. All Rights Reserved   Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
