SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 14, 2016 2:36 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement A White House report outlines issues involved with advances in artificial intelligence October 13, 2016 12:00 AM “Developing and studying machine intelligence can help us better understand and appreciate our human intelligence,” states the report’s executive summary. By David Templeton / Pittsburgh Post-Gazette Nowadays people are — or arguably should be — aware of the advances, promises and challenges of artificial intelligence, which already controls computers, mobile phones, automobiles and just about everything else that has a battery or power cord. Along with artificial intelligence (AI) comes the need to make sure benefits aren’t undermined by risks with something controlled by a computer algorithm rather than humans. It’s an important but complex topic, explaining why the White House released a 58-page report, “Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence,” in advance of today’s Frontiers Conference at Carnegie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh. “Developing and studying machine intelligence can help us better understand and appreciate our human intelligence,” states the report’s executive summary. “AI can augment our intelligence, helping us chart a better and wiser path forward.” But with progress come challenges, the report says, calling for government regulation of products using AI to protect public safety, with full disclosure of risks the technology poses. Such regulations already exist or are being adopted for new motor vehicles, weaponry and drone technologies, among others. Technological advances also could change the workforce significantly, the report warns. While increasing productivity and create wealth, AI also may have various impacts on jobs, reducing demand for skills that can be automated while increasing demand for workers with skills complementary to AI. Negative effects of AI will be born by those with lower-wage jobs, with new jobs likely to be higher-wage, “potentially increasing economic inequality,” it says. That will raise the need for public policy to ensure “that workers are retrained and able to succeed in occupations that are complementary to, rather than competing with, automation,” the report states, adding that “economic benefits created by new technology should be shared broadly.” Another concern is safety, especially as new technologies have unintended consequences after widespread public adoption. AI experts caution about the many challenges in understanding and predicting behavior of advanced AI systems, the report says, with weapon systems and drones representing “key concerns about moving away from direct human control of complicated technology.” Government roles include holding public discussion and debates about advances in AI and monitoring the safety and fairness in its application. There’s also the need for government to find middle ground with regulations that encourage innovation and avoid disrupting new developments, all while protecting the public. “AI holds the potential to be a major driver of economic growth and social progress, if industry, civil society, government and the public work together to support development of the technology with thoughtful attention to its potential and to managing its risks,” the report concludes. David Templeton: dtempleton@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1578. Related Media: Nation’s leading thinkers gather at Frontiers Conference at Pitt, CMU Obama: Science must keep progressing, advances bring social challenges Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
recommended reading The Next President Will Face a Cyber Crisis. Here's How to Handle It How Agency Data Turned into 3-D Maps of the Oceans Quiz: Are You A Hacker's Best Friend? Adapting to a Citizen-Driven World Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Ethical Hackers // Code.gov // Virtual Reality Challenge // IT Modernization // Open Data Efforts // Smart Search Tool News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Sponsored: FedTech White House: Federal Agencies Need Their Own Artificial Intelligence Labs Omelchenko/Shutterstock.com By Mohana Ravindranath October 12, 2016 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Google Says Its New AI-Powered Translation Tool Scores Nearly Identically to Human Translators Obama to Host Tech Conference in Pittsburgh Artificial Intelligence, Tech and Tequila: Come Hang with Us White House Envisions an Artificially Intelligent Government Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size Federal agencies should be individually exploring how artificial intelligence could improve their operations, a White House report suggests. Agencies should consider building "DARPA-like organizations" for "high-risk, high-reward AI research and its application" in government, said the report, which outlined opportunities and challenges for the technology. The report was released Wednesday, months after the White House hosted a series of public workshops, including one focused on AI applications for social good. That document incorporated discussions from the workshops, and recommended the Executive Office of the President publish a second report by the yearend to delve deeper into the effects of AI on the U.S. job market and outline recommended policy responses. » Get the best federal technology news and ideas delivered right to your inbox. Sign up here. The White House recommended federal agencies prioritize open training data and open data standards for artificial intelligence so those systems could be trained to analyze government data sets.  While artificial intelligence technology could save people's lives—self-driving cars, for instance, could cut down the fatal accidents caused by human error—it could also prompt unanticipated economic consequences, the report said. New technology could put low-wage earners out of work by “reducing demand for certain skills that can be automated while increasing demand for other skills that are complementary to AI," causing a "wage gap between less-educated and more educated workers, potentially increasing economic inequality.” Another major challenge is "building systems that can safely transition from the 'closed world' of the laboratory into the outside 'open world' where unpredictable things can happen." Despite challenges, many federal agencies are investing in AI; at the Walter Reed Medical Center, for instance, the Veterans Affairs Department uses the technology to "predict medical complications and improve treatment of severe combat wounds, leading to better patient outcomes, faster healing and lower costs." The White House has been investigating how machine learning could help law enforcement "better inform decision-making in the criminal justice system," while also attempting to reduce "the possibility that AI might introduce bias or inaccuracies due to deficiencies in the available data." But machines are “very unlikely” to “exhibit broadly-applicable intelligence comparable to or exceeding that of humans in the next 20 years," the report said, though it acknowledged "it is to be expected that machines will reach and exceed human performance on more and more tasks.” recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT Emerging Technology: The Government of the Future Has Arrived Textual Chemistry: Getting to Know Citizens Through Their Words The Inimitable Effect of Standing on Productivity The Decision-Making Science of Effective Healthcare FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Beyond the Beltway // This eBook debriefs the topics covered at the latest meetups this summer, highlighting key conversations focused around how government is harnessing innovations from Silicon Valley, such as artificial intelligence, biotech and more. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Combating the Insider Threat // This eBook reviews some of the efforts agencies are taking on to protect themselves against both the careless employee and the one who went rogue. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: "Tech Revolutions: Open Source + IoT" // This eBook discusses the latest topics and conversations around open source and the Internet of Things from the latest meetups, which were attended by the brightest minds in government, industry and academia. eBook Nextgov's Book: "The State of Federal IT Contracting" // Read this eBook to take a closer look at the contracts that will shape the future of federal IT, and some of the technologies they'll likely help procure. GAO to DHS: Give IT Officials a Seat at the Table See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs What an NFL Coach, the Pentagon and Election Systems Have in Common Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel Taking the Federal Digital Leap: Inevitable, Imperative and Doable Tech Insider by Kymm McCabe New Study Shows How 'Star Trek' Jokes and Geek Culture Make Women Feel Unwelcome in Computer Science Wired Workplace by Sapna Cheryan and Sianna Ziegler sponsored links The Space Report Online The Space Report Online is your guide to global space activity - 10 years of industry, policy and trend data - when you need it. www.thespacereport.org 2016-2017 AFCEA Monthly Breakfast Series If you’re interested in sponsoring our 2016-2017 Monthly Breakfast Series, please contact April O’Brien at registrar@afceabethesda.org or visit the link below bethesda.afceachapters.org Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story  
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President Obama warns AI could learn to manipulate stock markets and even launch nuclear missiles as White House launches smart machines study President addressed the potential benefits and risks of specialized AI In an interview with Wired, he said the technology could threaten jobs It could make low-skilled workers redundant, and widen inequalities And, 'hostile actors' with advanced algorithms could pose security threats Coincides with release of two White House documents on the future of AI By Cheyenne Macdonald For Dailymail.com Published: 15:37 EST, 12 October 2016 | Updated: 20:59 EST, 14 October 2016 e-mail 14 shares 13 View comments Just one day after announcing his plans to get humans to Mars by the 2030s, President Obama’s thoughts on artificial intelligence have been revealed. According to the president, AI has been ‘seeping into our lives’ for some time, even in ways we don’t notice – and while there are many potential benefits that come with the technology, there may be grim consequences as well. The rise of ‘specialized AI’ could deepen income inequality and make low-skilled employees become redundant in the workforce, Obama warned in an interview with Wired, and advanced, self-teaching algorithms could pose threats to the stock exchange and national security. According to the president, AI has been ‘seeping into our lives’ for some time, even in ways we don’t notice – and while there are many potential benefits that come with the technology, there may be grim consequences as well THE WHITE HOUSE REPORTS The White House has released a report and strategic plan regarding future directions and considerations for AI. The report, entitled Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence, examines the current state of AI, along with its applications both now and in the future, and outlines a series of recommendations to ensure safe use. It explains that researchers must ensure future systems are ‘open, transparent, and understandable; that they can work effectively with people; and that their operation will remain consistent with human values and aspirations.’ According to the report, future technology can help to drive economic grown and social progress, as long as industry, civil society, government, and the public cooperate on its development, while working to manage the risks. This coincides with the release of a pair of reports from the White House today, addressing strategic plans regarding research and preparations for the future of artificial intelligence. Speaking to Wired editor in chief Scott Dadich and MIT Media Lab director Joi Ito, the president explained that artificial intelligence ‘promises to create a vastly more productive and efficient economy’ if used properly. But, these capabilities come with ‘downsides’ as well. ‘It could increase inequality,’ Obama told Wired. ‘It could suppress wages.’ The president distinguishes between ‘generalized AI,’ which is seen in science fiction and is still thought to be a long way off, and ‘specialized AI,’ which has already begun to appear in numerous applications, from medicine to transportation. This latter form already presents immediate but ‘solvable’ concerns, Obama said. ‘If you’ve got a computer that can play GO, a pretty complicated game with a lot of variations, the developing an algorithm that lets you maximize profits on the New York Stock Exchange is probably within sight,’ Obama told Wired. ‘And if one person or organization got there first, they could bring down the stock market pretty quickly, or at least they could raise questions about the integrity of the financial markets.’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Did Ancient Greeks help build the Terracotta Army? Western... Bullies could use VR to 'torture' their victims: Experts... Can YOU see it? This baffling optical illusion will make you... World's most accurate clocks are synchronised to a... Share this article Share 14 shares The rise of ‘specialized AI’ could deepen income inequality and make low-skilled employees become redundant in the workforce, Obama warned in an interview with Wired He also points to an example in which an algorithm learns to launch missiles. Rather than focusing on rogue AI, however, Obama says the concern centers on ‘the capacity of either nonstate actors or hostile actors to penetrate systems.’ In the discussion, Ito points out that it will likely require more than a dozen breakthroughs before humanity achieves a generalized AI, so these can be monitored as they happen. ‘And you just have to have somebody close to the power cord,’ the president responded, with a laugh. ‘Right when you see it about to happen, you gotta yank that electricity out of the wall, man.’  A pair of reports from the White House today, addressing strategic plans regarding the future of artificial intelligence.The graph from the White House strategic plan shows how mentions of 'deep learning' or 'deep neural network' have spiked in journal articles worldwide Moving forward, he says we will have to rethink the way we maintain security to address these growing AI threats.  You just have to have somebody close to the power cord. [Laughs.] Right when you see it about to happen, you gotta yank that electricity out of the wall, man. President Obama  ‘I think there’s no doubt that developing international norms, protocols, and verification mechanisms around cybersecurity generally, and AI in particular, is in its infancy,’ Obama told Wired. On that same note, the White House has released a report and strategic plan regarding future directions and considerations for AI ahead of Thursday’s White House Frontiers Conference in Pittsburgh. The report, entitled Preparing for the Future of Artificial Intelligence, examines the current state of AI, along with its applications both now and in the future, and outlines a series of recommendations to ensure safe use. There have been three waves of AI research, according to the strategic plan.  It largely began in the 1980s, and swelled again from the 2000s to present with the rise of machine learning. According to Obama, self-teaching algorithms could pose threats to the stock exchange and national security. Moving forward, he says we will have to rethink the way we maintain security to address these growing AI threats. A scene from Terminator Genisys is pictured Now, we may be on the cusp of the possible third wave, which could enable rapid learning and even provide AI with a sense of ‘meaning’ or ‘understanding.’ With the risks considered, the report explains, researchers must ensure that future systems are ‘open, transparent, and understandable; that they can work effectively with people; and that their operation will remain consistent with human values and aspirations.’ According to the report, future technology can help to drive economic growth and social progress, as long as industry, civil society, government, and the public cooperate on its development, while working to manage the risks. ‘Developing and studying machine intelligence can help us better understand and appreciate our human intelligence,’ the report says. ‘Used thoughtfully, AI can augment our intelligence, helping us chart a better and wiser path forward.’ WILL ROBOTS TAKE YOUR JOB?  As robots increasingly make their way into the workforce, some have argued that they will soon be taking over many traditionally human jobs. In an interview with Fox Business, former McDonalds USA CEO Ed Rensi argued that the $15/hour minimum wage raise will bring ‘job loss like you can’t believe.’ He argued that it would be cheaper for companies to instead purchase robotic devices. ‘If you look at the robotic devices that are coming into the restaurant industry -- it’s cheaper to buy a $35,000 robotic arm than it is to hire an employee who’s inefficient making $15 an hour bagging French fries,’ Rensi said. Foxconn, a supplier for Apple and Samsung, has already reduced its human workforce drastically, The South China Morning Post reports. One factory has now ‘reduced employee strength from 110,000 to 50,000, thanks to the introduction of robots,’ an official told the Post. They predict more companies will soon follow, with up to 600 firms reporting similar plans in a government survey. And, according to recent studies, there are five jobs already at risk of being replaced by automated workers. Accountants are 99 per cent likely to lose their jobs to machines. Umpires and referees have a 98.3 per cent chance of being automated. Waiters and waitress are 93.7 per cent likely to be replaced by machines. Legal assistants and paralegals have a 94.5 per cent chance of being automated. Fashion models are 97.6 per cent likely to lose the lime light because of robots.   Read more: www.whitehouse.g... www.whitehouse.g... Barack Obama on Artificial Intelligence, Autonomous Cars, and the Future of Humanity | WIRED Share or comment on this article e-mail 14 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Malcolm Turnbull accuses Lisa Wilkinson of 'interrogating' him SNL mocks government shutdown with Gravity skit Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... Reince Priebus AND Steven Bannon will lead Trump's White... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Soaring hospital admissions, mass insomnia, pets going wild - as tonight sees the biggest moon for 70 years... Is this proof a full moon drives you loony?  Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel 'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish RHOM's Gina Liano accidentally takes a swipe at fellow reality lawyer Anna Heinrich for posing nude for a magazine cover in her 30s after doing the same at 50 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup She wore an itsy-bitsy peach bikini! Australian The Bachelor's Noni Janur barely covers her modesty in her tiny G-string swimsuit as she hits Bondi Beach Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? How old do YOU feel inside? We all have an age we secretly think we are. Here five distinguished women reveal theirs... It is the 'subjective age' Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  'Hello, it's me...': Adele fans go into meltdown after cryptic TV ad hints the singer could be touring Australia for the first time next year Sparked a frenzy Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  1.9k comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In Emerging Tech Computing Applications Data Management Hardware Chips Personal Computers Servers Operating Systems Internet Internet of Things Online Entertainment Search Tech Social Networking Web Apps IT Developers IT Leadership Network Management Mobile Tech Mobile Apps Smartphones Tablets Wearable Tech Wireless Networking Reviews Security Cybersecurity Hacking Malware Privacy Technology Audio/Video Emerging Tech Virtual Reality Gaming Home Tech How-To Photography Science Health Space Tech Buzz Tech Law Transportation Tech Blog  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map November 13, 2016 11:36:26 PM PST TechNewsWorld > Technology > Emerging Tech | Tech Heavyweights Join Forces to Lasso AI By Richard Adhikari Oct 12, 2016 10:41 AM PT Amazon, DeepMind/Google, Facebook, IBM and Microsoft last month announced the creation of the Partnership on AI, a nonprofit organization dedicated to formulating best practices in artificial intelligence and educating the public about the field. The group will invite academics, other nonprofits, and specialists in policy and ethics to join its board, which will represent corporate and noncorporate members equally. The partnership will conduct research, recommend best practices, and publish research under an open license. It will address topics such as ethics, fairness and inclusivity, transparency, privacy, and interoperability collaboration between people and AI systems, as well as AI technology's trustworthiness, reliability and robustness. There are no plans to lobby government or other policymaking bodies. Discussions with professional and scientific organizations such as the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence, as well as nonprofit research groups including the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence, an AI research organization set up by Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen, were ongoing, the partnership said. A Time of Great Turmoil Salesforce and Apple are notably missing from the group's roster. Salesforce recently announced Einstein, designed to embed AI in all of its offerings. Apple just purchased machine learning and AI startup Turi. "Salesforce may have been locked out by Microsoft," speculated Ray Wang, a principal analyst at Constellation Research. Apple "tends to take a go-it-alone strategy, though they've worked closely with partners like IBM," he added. As for the smaller players, "the concept started with bringing a few anchor vendors into the alliance and then growing it from there," Wang told TechNewsWorld. "Right now we're in an era of AI babel. The machine learning algorithms, neural net designs, and data standards are a cacophony of hell." We're at an inflection point in the progress of AI, according to Frost & Sullivan. Breakthroughs in deep learning due to more data, faster processing and better algorithms have led to dramatic improvements in computer vision, natural language processing and robotic motion systems. All of the fundamentals are in place for AI to revolutionize every business in every industry. "I think the participants are thinking in terms of controlling the Frankenstein factor that seems to be developing around AI," said Michael Jude, a program manager at Stratecast/Frost & Sullivan. "People, especially the mainstream media, are getting concerned about the rise of the machines, and I think a lot of this is in the nature of PR," he told TechNewsWorld. Several universities have begun studying the possible dangers AI might pose. High-tech visionary Elon Musk and renowned physicist Stephen Hawking are among the people who have voiced concerns. His concerns led Musk to help establish OpenAI, a nonprofit AI research organization that includes Amazon Web Services among its members. We will "see a rise in digital ethics and a potential call by other alliances and organizations, like the EFF, for an international human right to privacy and digital and AI ethics standards," Wang predicted. Potential Impact Partnership on AI "should provide more rigor and initial standardization, particularly around safety protocols, definitions and certifications," noted Rob Enderle, principal analyst at the Enderle Group. "All of these are needed to validate [it] as viable and not just a time or money hole," he told TechNewsWorld. Its founding members "have deep AI experience," Enderle pointed out, and therefore "should be able to establish rules and frameworks for the group far more quickly." Partnership on AI might help the advancement of artificial intelligence by convincing the public that governmental controls aren't necessary, Frost's Jude suggested. "Governments are beginning to get interested in the technology," he said. "There have already been hearings on AI in Congress, and the public policy types are clearly interested in potentially regulating this space. If the industry can demonstrate that in a sense, it's self-regulating, that may keep the regulators at bay." Richard Adhikari has written about high-tech for leading industry publications since the 1990s and wonders where it's all leading to. Will implanted RFID chips in humans be the Mark of the Beast? Will nanotech solve our coming food crisis? Does Sturgeon's Law still hold true? You can connect with Richard on Google+. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Richard Adhikari Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts Smart home technology is here, and ... It has made my home safer and more enjoyable. I'm interested, but most of it is still too expensive. It's a mess. Too many disparate devices. It's not all that smart or reliable. Who needs it? I like my dumb home just fine. Vote to See Results E-Commerce Times Google Insists Android Plays on Level Field in Europe Twitter Shuffles Deck as COO Bain Steps Down Election Day Cybershenanigans Highlight Need to Shore Up Security Silicon Valley Reels From Trump Shock Commerce Dept Signs Up Private Sector IT Partners Google Cites Amazon Competition in Response to EU Facebook Share Price Falls Despite Blowout Quarter Microsoft Launches Teams to Foil Office 365 Poachers CRM Buyer Engagement and Loyalty Salesforce Sets Up Lightning Community to Zap Competition AvePoint CEO TJ Jiang: Innovation Through Collaboration Microsoft Rebrands Many Customers Aren't on Board With Self-Service Trend Should Salesforce Buy NetSuite? The End of Marketing Angry Customers Likely to Ditch Wells Fargo's Wagon LinuxInsider AWS Gives Customers On-Premises Linux Option Ubuntu Releases IoT Core Platform Q4OS+Trinity Gives New Meaning to Lightweight Microsoft Open Sources AI Toolkit Antique Kernel Flaw Opens Door to New Dirty Cow Exploit Linux Foundation Spurs JavaScript Development Red Hat and Ericsson Forge 5G, IoT Open Source Alliance Meet Maui 1, the Slick New Hawaiian Netrunner SPONSOR SHOWCASE Join Tomorrow's Intel Pioneers Introducing the Georgetown University master's in Applied Intelligence. Marketers - Fill Your Sales Funnel Instantly Access millions of IT and business decision makers. Our full-service global marketing program delivers sales-ready leads. Learn more. TechNewsWorld Headlines TechNewsWorld First Hyperloop Could Blaze a Trail Between Dubai and Abu Dhabi Defeating Malware With Its Own DNA Daydream Believers May Boost VR, Suggest Early Reviews Samsung's Next Galaxy Phone Could Have Siri-Like Smarts Google's Pixel Wins a Place in the Sun Election 2016: Either Way, More Drama Gadget Ogling: Mac's Back, Nintendo Returns, and Huawei Goes to the Edge Russia's Fancy Bear Attacks Microsoft, Adobe as Election Nears Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2016 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Internet News / Britain unprepared for AI robot future, warn MPs Britain unprepared for AI robot future, warn MPs by Joe Roberts 12 October 2016 0 shares Read Comments AI is set to become an increasingly important issue in the coming years, but according to a group of MPs, us Brits are completely unprepared to deal with it. A report from the Science and Technology Committee – made up of 14 MPs – released on Wednesday warns the UK government that "government leadership in the fields of robotics and AI has been lacking." The report claims citizens have not been equipped to deal with a world that relies more and more on artificial intelligence and calls for the creation of a a new 'Commission on Artificial Intelligence' at the Alan Turing Institute. Based at the British Library in London, the new commission would examine the social, ethical, and legal implications of developments in the field of AI. Related: What is Google DeepMind? Acting chair of the Science and Technology Committee, Dr Tania Mathias MP, said in a statement: "Science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades. "It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now." Self-driving cars and computer-aided diagnoses for patients were highlighted by the committee as ways in which artificial intelligence has, and is set to, change the way we live. Google's AI-focused DeepMind division is based in the UK The new report follows the creation of a 'Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society', established by some of tech's major players including Facebook, Microsoft, and Google. The partnership will consider numerous issues including privacy, safety, and the interaction between AI and people, in order to help ensure artificial intelligence is implemented safely and ethically in the future. But Dr Mathias says the government should be doing more, adding: "Some major technology companies — including Google and Amazon — have recently come together to form the 'Partnership on AI'. "While it is encouraging that the sector is thinking about the risks and benefits of AI, this does not absolve the government of its responsibilities. "It should establish a 'Commission on Artificial Intelligence' to identify principles for governing the development and application of AI, and to foster public debate." The report also calls on the government to provide education to ensure citizens have the skills needed to function in a society where AI plays a greater role. Watch The Refresh: The best tech gossip and reviews every week Let us know your thoughts on AI in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Hamish Campbell October 12, 2016, 2:53 pm Doesn't really matter, they'll all be replaced by AI shortly. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
null
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Samsung's AI Strategy Poses Problems For Google Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 11, 2016 9:27am   Comments Share: Related AAPL The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks Why You Should Watch Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Disney, Nordstrom (Investor's Business Daily) Related GOOG 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear Rising Rates Put Equities At Risk (Seeking Alpha) According to Bloomberg, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s ultimate end plan likely consists of embedding its artificially intelligent assistant inside every smartphone, watch, car and any other connected device. Alphabet's Google unit already released a new smartphone that features its artificially intelligent assistant along with a speaker with the feature at its core. The company also plans on allowing other companies to embed their own apps and services with its intelligent assistant. Samsung, Viv And The AI Race Google's seemingly unlimited resources and expertise will now be challenged by SAMSUNG ELECTRONIC KRW5000 (OTC: SSNLF), which recently acquired Viv Labs, a next-generation artificial intelligence platform. As noted by Bloomberg, Samsung acquiring Viv is "more of a problem for Google" than it is for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL, given the fact that Samsung happens to be the largest maker of smartphones running on Google's Android mobile operating system. Related Link: iPhone Lovers Rejoice: Samsung Will No Longer Manufacture The Galaxy Note 7 Google's strategy moving forward will likely place a greater emphasis on its assistant, because its a "more natural way for people to interact with smartphones and other connected devices." As such, the company wants its assistant to be embedded in hundreds of millions of smartphones across the world but Samsung's acquisition of Viv may suggest it could stand in Google's way. Samsung already said it will include Viv's technology in its smartphones as soon as next year, and after that, the technology will be embedded in other electronics and home appliances. "As AI is becoming more sophisticated and valuable to the consumer, there's no question it will be important for hardware companies," Bloomberg quoted Kirt McMaster, the executive chairman of Cyanogen Inc., a startup that makes Android software as saying. "If you don't have an AI asset, you're not going to have a brain." Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: artificial intelligence Google Google Artificial Intelligence Google HardwareTop Stories Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + GOOG) 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear YouTube's CEO On Why The Video Platform Isn't A Standalone Company The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Here's What Some Top CEOs Are Saying About President-Elect Donald Trump Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 AMCX, NFLX: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move And It Could Be A B... 2 TSLA, NVDA: NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter Helps It Remain A Top Pick At... 3 GWPH, ACBFF: Marijuana Legalization And A Republican Governmen... 4 CRCM, QUOT: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As... 5 IEP, GE: Here's What Some Top CEOs A... 6 SPY, SPX: Jeffrey Gundlach Explain... 7 MSFT, TSLA: Did NVIDIA... 1 CRCM, YELP: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 FOXA, TWX: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 GOOG, FOXA: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOGL, GOOG: YouTube's CEO On Why The Vid... 7 TWMJF, GWPH: Marijuana Legalization... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Benzinga's Top Initiations A Quality Connection With This ETF
News AR / VR Awesome Earth & Energy Enhanced Humans Hard Science Industrial Rev 2.0 Moonshots Network Society Off World Robot Intelligence Infographics Daily Infographics This Week in Science Facts & Quotes Videos Sign In Robot Intelligence Elon Musk’s OpenAI is Using Reddit to Teach An Artificial Intelligence How to Speak Getty Images In Brief NVIDIA has delivered the first DGX-1 supercomputer to non-profit artificial intelligence research company OpenAI. The supercomputer has a whopping 170 teraflops of computing power—equivalent to 250 conventional servers. Only The Best for the Best Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence (AI) company OpenAI just received a package that took $2 billion to develop: NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang just delivered the first DGX-1 supercomputer to the non-profit organization, which is dedicated to “advance digital intelligence in the way that is most likely to benefit humanity as a whole, unconstrained by a need to generate financial return.” Jen-Hsun Huang with Elon Musk, and the DGX-1. NVIDIA. The “AI supercomputer in a box” is packed with 170 teraflops of computing power—that’s equivalent to 250 conventional servers. NVIDIA says it’s a very fitting match: “The world’s leading non-profit artificial intelligence research team needs the world’s fastest AI system.” “I thought it was incredibly appropriate that the world’s first supercomputer dedicated to artificial intelligence would go to the laboratory that was dedicated to open artificial intelligence,” Huang added. Reddit-training The supercomputer will tackle the most difficult challenges facing the artificial intelligence industy…by reading through Reddit forums. And apparently, Reddit’s size was not a hindrance. In fact, the site’s size is the main reason why the online community was specifically chosen as DGX-1’s training ground. “Deep learning is a very special class of models because as you scale up, they always work better,” says OpenAI researcher Andrej Karpathy.  The nearly two billion Reddit comments will be processed by DGX-1 in months instead of years, as the $129,000 desktop-sized box contains eight NVIDIA Tesla P100 GPUs (graphic processing units), 7 terabytes of SSD storage, and two Xeon processors, apart from the aforementioned 170 teraflops of performance. DGX-1 will take on Reddit to learn faster and to chat more accurately. “You can take a large amount of data that would help people talk to each other on the internet, and you can train, basically, a chatbot, but you can do it in a way that the computer learns how language works and how people interact,” Karpathy said. The supercomputer is also equipped to make things easier from the developers at OpenAI. “We won’t need to write any new code, we’ll take our existing code and we’ll just increase the size of the model,” says OpenAI scientist Ilya Sutskever. “And we’ll get much better results than we have right now.” References: Engadget Written By Author Cecille De Jesus Editor Patrick Caughill August 17, 2016 Share This Tweet This Email This Share Written By Author Cecille De Jesus Editor Patrick Caughill August 17, 2016 #artificial intelligence research#dgx-1#NVIDIA#OpenAI Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox! Daily Weekly Subscribe Related Articles Get Ready for Magic Leap: New Patent Brings VR Device One Step Closer to Reality Elon Musk: The Model 3 Will Incorporate Tesla’s Solar Roof Technology Scientists Just Launched a Breakthrough Initiative to Find Intelligent Alien Life Over 165,000 people subscribe to our newsletter. See stories of the future in your inbox each morning. Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox! Daily Weekly Subscribe Our mission is to empower our readers and drive the development of transformative technologies towards maximizing human potential About FAQ DMCA Policy Privacy Policy Themes Copyright © 2016, Futurism, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us × Sign in to join the conversation. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter We only grab your name + photo and will never post as you. Subscribe Like us on Facebook × Get your Daily Dose of the Future Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe Close
close wbur The ARTery About Archive Facebook Twitter Play Listen Live Explore Audio Schedule Programs + Sections Search Support Events About WBUR Contact Us On Point Here & Now Radio Boston Only A Game Modern Love CommonHealth Cognoscenti The ARTery Live: BBC NewsdayPlay 15sRepeatPlay15sForward /00:00Playing Live Close BBC Newsday Value this story? Donate wbur The ARTery Donate Search Menu Support the news   Thomas Gibbons' 'Uncanny Valley' Mines The Gap Between Humans And Artificial Intelligence October 11, 2016 By Kilian Melloy Share closemore Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian, an android. (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) What is identity? What is self-aware intelligence? Can human consciousness be replicated or fabricated by science? Stoneham Theatre’s production of Thomas Gibbons’  “Uncanny Valley” dips into these questions. The play, which continues through Oct. 23, is a timely offering for those whose interest in artificial intelligence was piqued by another recent production on a Boston-area stage. Many of the themes explored in “Uncanny Valley” are similar to those explored in The Nora Theatre Company’s production of “Marjorie Prime,” which has just completed its run at the Central Square Theater in Cambridge. And just like “Marjorie Prime,” this play didn’t quite seem to close a dramatic circuit around the idea of self-aware machines. “Uncanny Valley” fails to close the gap between the intrigue of core questions about human (artificial or otherwise) identity and tangible insights regarding those questions. The genre is an evergreen source for a particularly philosophical stripe of speculative fiction, but in “Uncanny Valley,” there’s no great innovation — just rote retooling. Nancy Carroll stars as Claire, a pioneer in the field of artificial consciousness, who is essentially tutoring Julian (Lewis D. Wheeler) — an android — in human social customs and answering (or evading) his childlike questions: “Why is my hair brown?” “Are we friends?” Claire is close to retirement age; her husband Howard is already retired. They have a grown daughter from whom they are estranged. Concepts of human development are meaningless when it comes to Julian, but even so, it’s obvious from the start that Julian is, to some extent, a surrogate child for Claire. Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian. (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) It’s also obvious (or so we in the audience think) that Julian really and truly is a sentient being, despite the fact that — thanks to some clever staging — we see him being built right in front of our eyes. He starts as a head mounted on a pair of barely-there shoulders. By stages, he then gains the rest of what looks like a fully intact, functional human body: Torso, right arm, left arm and finally legs. Wheeler puts just the right spin on Julian’s curiosity and delight at each new acquisition, combining a child’s sense of discovery with the capacity for comprehension of a fully developed adult. In Wheeler’s hands, and under the direction of Weylin Symes, Julian’s is a satisfyingly complete journey — from a clichéd flat and mechanical voice in the first scene to the presentation of an all-but-human character toward the play’s end. Julian is a virtual man capable of ambition and manipulation, but he also struggles to reconcile impulses as disparate as an alpha male’s desire to control a situation with a tenderly human wish to offer kindness. Even as Wheeler’s character is being built limb by limb and layer by layer, Carroll’s is being revealed data point by data point. Eventually, we come to know more about the nature of her work, and her employer; we also see the conflicts between her professional and personal sides with ever-greater clarity. Both Wheeler and Carroll had small roles in major Hollywood productions last year (a fleeting scene in “Black Mass” for Wheeler and a slightly more substantial role for Carroll in “Spotlight”), but it’s their work on Boston-area stages that constantly reminds audiences to cherish them and hope, selfishly, that the movies don’t ever take them from us. Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian in Stoneham Theatre's "Uncanny Valley." (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) Speaking of the movies, the subject of artificial intelligence has been on the minds of filmmakers lately, from 2015’s hyper-literate and coolly mysterious “Ex Machina” to the recent box office flop “Morgan,” which came and went more quickly than IBM’s Watson can win a round of “Jeopardy!” It’s part of a recurring zeitgeist: Since the days of Fritz Lang’s “Metropolis,” the question of machine intelligence has emerged at regular intervals, in much the same way as other storytelling trends like vampires, zombies and alien invasions. It’s perhaps no surprise that the topic would resurface in a social political climate like the one we see now, where compromise is rare and skepticism about the other guy’s essential humanity is endemic. Those resonances aren’t overt in the play’s dialogue, but they seem ever present, from references to social and political events taking place outside the research lab’s confines, to Wheeler and Carroll’s finely attuned performances, to Crystal Tiala’s set design for the facility itself, which looks like a cross between a gracious penthouse apartment and a high-tech cleanroom. But if the richness Carroll and Wheeler bring to their roles succeeds in its sheer humanity, the play’s central idea is left under-addressed. Presumably, stories about artificial intelligence given the shape of the human organism are meant to address the human, rather than the android, condition. After all, wouldn’t the more realistic outcome be machine life taking exception to being limited to human-scale capacities, rather than being content with the “gift” of human attributes? But even here, the play — while sympathetic — doesn’t grasp, or really reach for, anything exceptional, settling instead for the usual palette of fuzzy (and humanistic) inquiries. What constitutes life? What assurance can we ever have to convince us that an artificial intelligence is, despite its human-made origin, anything more than a series of predetermined calculations? Is our concept of consciousness the only valid one? Indeed, what do we have other than blind faith that others — or we ourselves — are “conscious” in any objectively verifiable way? These are dramatically rich questions, but they don’t get the kind of play here we might lie to see. Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian. (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) Even when “Uncanny Valley” tackles those thorny philosophical conundrums, it’s with too little energy or insight. There’s little here you haven’t seen before if you’ve ever watched, say, “Star Trek: The Next Generation” and the struggles of that program’s android, Data, to incorporate greater humanity into his programming (and, on occasion, his efforts to overcome prejudice and be accorded the rights and status of a genuine life form). Going back even further, “Uncanny Valley” bears some resemblance to various segments of the classic “The Twilight Zone” series, narrative DNA that’s neither disguised nor much enhanced by the light sprinkling of technobabble Gibbons tosses in. The term “uncanny valley” itself refers to a paradoxical result of highly humanoid machines: The closer an android resembles a human being, the more creepy its not-quite-human elements seem to flesh and blood people. This is a real phenomenon, and it’s interesting, but Gibbons doesn’t do enough to develop the concept, and he doesn’t locate it centrally enough in the play to justify using the phrase as the play’s title. Give “Uncanny Valley” major points for the talents of its two stars and the quality of its design work, but it doesn’t quite pass the theatergoer’s version of the Turing test. Related: I Forgot To Remember To Forget -- Nora Theatre's 'Marjorie Prime' Explores Memory And Self Stoneham Theatre Noir: ‘Laura,’ You Used To Be More Fun Big And Small, Loud And Soft, 'Lobster Girl' And 'Carousel' Seek Alternate Ways To Musical Bliss Kilian Melloy Contributor, The ARTery Kilian Melloy is a contributor to WBUR's The ARTery. More… +Join the discussion Share View comment(s) Support the news   Next Up Where to now? More The ARTery or Explore Audio. © Copyright WBUR 2016 Connect with WBUR
null
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team Disrupt LondonWin A Free Trip To Disrupt London Enter Today Automotive Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes The insurance impact of self-driving cars and shared mobility Tesla acquires Grohmann engineering to boost production Browse more... BMW Mapping startups hope they can chart a new course to success BMW said to accelerate EV plans with 3 Series, X4 and Mini Watch Bear Grylls jump out of a plane to test Land Rover’s new Discovery seat folding app Browse more... BMW’s motorcycle concept is so smart you won’t need a helmet to ride it Posted Oct 12, 2016 by Darrell Etherington (@etherington) 0 SHARES Next Story Shine is rolling out on-demand life coaching via text message Motorcycles aren’t exactly safe, but BMW envisions a future where two-wheel vehicles have enough onboard intelligence to make it possible for drivers to use them without protective clothing. The emphasis here is still on the thrill of the drive, but intelligent driver assistance features will help make it possible for the ride to maintain its thrill while adding a lot more safety. The so-called Motorrad VISION NEXT 100 vehicle is one in a series of BMW concepts that aim to anticipate where its future vision is going, and how incorporating new technologies and connectivity features will change the driving experience. With the Motorrad, the answer is less a path to full autonomy, as you might expect with four-wheeled cars, and instead represents a natural conclusion based on the aspects of motorcycle riding that people value. That means the end-user experience is more about the freedom of the open road, with issues like safety handled by on-board artificial intelligence systems. p90238730_highres p90238733_highres p90238702_highres p90238696_highres p90238693_highres p90238689_highres p90238753_highres p90238745_highres p90238738_highres p90238728_highres p90238727_highres p90238719_highres p90238715_highres p90238706_highres p90238703_highres p90238747_highres p90238701_highres p90238700_highres p90238699_highres p90238692_highres p90238749_highres p90238717_highres p90238714_highres p90238709_highres p90238741_highres p90238691_highres p90238750_highres p90238739_highres p90238732_highres p90238718_highres p90238697_highres p90238735_highres p90238729_highres p90238721_highres p90238712_highres p90238694_highres p90238755_highres p90238746_highres p90238744_highres p90238711_highres p90238707_highres p90238705_highres p90238752_highres p90238748_highres p90238734_highres p90238716_highres p90238704_highres p90238690_highres p90238751_highres p90238737_highres p90238736_highres p90238713_highres p90238698_highres  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit The appeal of a motorbike you can ride without having to heap on layers of protective gear, including a huge cumbersome helmet, is indeed an amazing proposition. BMW says the Motorrad’s systems will anticipate the road ahead and offer drivers guidance on what to do to avoid incidents, and even step in and take over to prevent anything from happening if necessary. It also uses a self-balancing system that absolutely prevents the possibility of a tip-over, either when in motion or when standing still. There is some headgear involved, even though the helmet is gone in the concept – it’s a lightweight visor, however, and it’s made to keep the wind out of your eyes but also to overlay important information on your view, including anticipated twists and turns. Powering everything is a zero-emission electric drive train. Again, this is a concept so it’s far from being a real thing, but it is a very cool vision of what might be next for the motorcycle industry in a future where autonomy is king for cars. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase BMW Founded 1916 Overview Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW), is a German automobile and motorcycle manufacturing company. Founded in 1916, it is known for its performance and luxury vehicles. It owns and produces the MINI brand, and is the parent company of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars. As a global company, the BMW Group operates 25 production and assembly facilities in 14 countries and has a global sales network in more than … Location Munich, 02 Categories Product Design, Automotive, Manufacturing Website http://www.bmwgroup.com Full profile for BMW Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Snapchat Starts Selling Spectacles | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes BMW Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Slice is an app that's all about pizza VIDEO | 1:08 Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts “authentic,” denies fake news there influenced election 11 hours ago | Lora Kolodny How Facebook can escape the echo chamber 16 hours ago | Anna Escher Secret is coming back yesterday | Sarah Buhr I refuse to review Snapchat Spectacles — but I’m glad to have my hands back yesterday | Matthew Panzarino Latest From TechCrunch Samsung is buying Harman for $8B to further its connected car push 18 minutes ago | Jon Russell WTF is computer vision? 3 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 3 hours ago | Peter Csathy Naver to launch $43M fund to seek out investments for its Snow and Webtoon services 4 hours ago | Jon Russell Comment moderation powered by Up Next Shine is rolling out on-demand life coaching via text message Posted Oct 12, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Developer Events Content Manager (Contract Role) at Google (Mountain View, CA, United States) Director of Marketing and Communications (Position #4782) at Northern Illinois University (DeKalb, IL, United States) Digital Marketing Analyst at Stony Brook University (Stony Brook, NY, United States) Advanced TV Product Manager - Media at Time Warner Cable/Spectrum (New York, NY, United States) Technical Product Manager @ PANTHEON at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Pro-Trump CEO gets booted from Y Combinator over harassment concerns yesterday by Anthony Ha Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce 19 hours ago by Aaref Hilaly Is Netflix Disney’s next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO? 3 hours ago by Peter Csathy WTF is computer vision? 3 hours ago by Devin Coldewey FriendFinder Networks hack reportedly exposed over 412 million accounts 13 hours ago by Megan Rose Dickey Samsung is buying Harman for $8B to further its connected car push 18 minutes ago by Jon Russell Review: The NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it Nov 7, 2016 by Devin Coldewey Defining our relationship with early AI 10 hours ago by Andrew Heikkila
null
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts Jobs News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion robochop Millions of Brits ‘will lose jobs to robots due to AI and 3-D printers unless government acts now’ say MPs MPs said all kinds of jobs from taxi and lorry drivers to medical workers are at risk By LYNN DAVIDSON, Whitehall Correspondent 12th October 2016, 3:05 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments MILLIONS of Brits could be left out of work unless the Government acts on the surging growth in robotics and artificial intelligence, a damning report reveals. MPs said all kinds of jobs from taxi and lorry drivers, medical workers, call centre staff, seamstresses, insurance clerks and bank tellers are at risk. 4 How robots are poised to take your jobs Recent breakthroughs in technology include driverless cars and supercomputers that help doctors to diagnose patients and teachers to tailor lessons for students. Acting Science and Technology Committee Chair Dr Tania Mathias said artificial intelligence would “fundamentally” change the way we live and work. And she accused the Government of “lacking” in leadership on the threat. Getty Images 4 Driverless cars will soon make van drivers obsolete Getty Images 4 Supercomputers will help doctors to diagnose patients It came as driverless cars were unveiled in Britain for the first time yesterday. Dr Mathias said ministers were failing to ensure education and training was up to scratch to create new jobs to replace those that could be lost. RELATED STORIES GETTING OUT OF HAND Girl, 10, terrified by clowns with ‘sledgehammer’, as boy, 13, in clown mask hit by car SCAMBUSTERS Shocking moment fraudsters are filmed conning elderly man out of £82,500 in a boiler room scam WOULD YOU TRY THIS? IcelandAir launches party planning ‘buddy’ service that sees cabin crew plan your holiday KILLER DOLPHINS Incredible pictures show a porpoise being battered to death in a harbour in Cornwall YOU'RE KNICKED! Drug dealing primary school teacher caught with deadly machine gun hidden in her knicker drawer PALACE BREAK-IN Moment intruder who scaled Buckingham Palace wall is arrested before 'telling cops he will get a gun' She warned: “Science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades. “Concerns about machines taking jobs and eliminating the need for human labour have persisted for centuries. Nevertheless, it is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others. “Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to reskill and upskill.” Getty Images 4 3D printers also pose a threat to the manufacturing industry 'Hot Sophia' humanlike robot flirts with man during TV interview And she added: “Government leadership in the fields of robotics and AI has been lacking.” Dr Mathias said ministers must set up a commission to scrutinise AI systems and to encourage debate. And she slammed them for not having a strategy to develop the new skills workers will need to succeed as the use of AI increases. List of jobs under threat from artificial intelligence and robotics Jobs that require creativity or social intelligence like nurses, chiropractors and fashion designers have the least risk of automation while roles like taxi drivers and accountants have the highest risk. Topics jobs Robots Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News CHRISTMAS STARTS TODAY Amazon launches massive 12-day sale BEFORE Black Friday super sale with discounts up to 87% News KEEPING OFF THE RADAR 'Bored' missing schoolboy, 15, could be using Bear Grylls' survival skills to stay alive News I'M A CELEB MURDER MYSTERY Dead bodies found just miles from I'm A Celebrity camp as cops probe murder-suicide News Video ESCALATOR TRAGEDY Horrifying moment gran slips on escalator and drops a baby to its death from 30ft News WALNUT'S LAST WALKIES Heartbroken owner confirms beloved dog's death shortly after hundreds turned out for Walnut's final… News Latest TRIUMPHANT TRUMP Donald Trump becomes President of the United States after bitter fight for the White House News Becky KILLER ATTACKED BY LAGS Becky Watts' killer Shauna Hoare targeted in such heavy prison beatings she's had to be… News PAEDO SNARED Paedophile who sent naked shower selfie and vile messages to what he thought was 14-year-old girl is nabbed by… News Video RAINING COLD HARD CASH Amazing moment man hits jackpot at faulty cash machine when it starts spitting out money News Exclusive INVASION PLANS? North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un studies map of disputed South Korean island with military top brass News Exclusive MIRACLE OF BATACLAN Pregnant girl who clung on for life amid Paris terror attacks now has beautiful baby - and I saved them News QUAKE TRAGEDY Two dead as New Zealand rattled by powerful aftershock and tsunami after being struck by 7.8 magnitude… News Most Popular Video FIX FACTOR Honey G reveals she's got a track lined up for next week's X Factor... moments after learning theme TV & Showbiz Fast food gets faster McDonald's is going to let you use your phone to pay and order in advance Living Exclusive TRAM 'TEXT' HORROR Croydon tram crash driver was 'texting' as vehicle sped round corner 'significantly' above the permitted… News Exclusive EMILY'S OUT ON STREET Corrie legend Eileen Derbyshire leaves soap after 55yrs - ending reign as its longest serving actress TV & Showbiz 'WHy are you even on the show?' Xtra Factor viewer angers Nicole Scherzinger by trolling Ryan Lawrie live on air TV & Showbiz THE DONALD SPEAKS Donald Trump promises to 'immediately' deport 3 million immigrants, insists he will build a wall on… News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz LIZARD MAN DEAD Tattooed biker gang enforcer known as 'Lizard Man' and ex-girlfriend found dead in apartment News CHRISTMAS NUMBER ONE People are saying Marks & Spencer's Christmas advert is BETTER than John Lewis' Living It's back! Michelle Keegan's wedding ring returns as she wows in strapless dress alongside handsome husband Mark Wright TV & Showbiz Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Trump trumpet Terrifying 'apocalypse sound' heard throughout the world is being blamed on Trump's election win Living Pictured WHERE'S YOUR RESPECT? I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here fans in uproar at Ant and Dec’s disappearing poppies TV & Showbiz 'SCREW YOU' Jacqueline Jossa hits out at online trolls who claimed she was pregnant with baby number 2 TV & Showbiz ‘ANT IS SO HOT NOW’ I’m A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here viewers are LOVING Ant McPartlin’s ‘sexy’ beard TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Humans need new skills for post-AI world, say MPs 12 October 2016 From the section Technology Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-37618579 Read more about sharing. Close share panel × Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Robots could take people's jobs and more, some experts warn Robotics and AI have "huge potential" to reshape the way people work and live, but the government needs to do more to address the issues raised by such technology, says a report. MPs on the Science and Technology Committee have called for careful scrutiny of the probable ethical, legal and societal impact. They want the government to establish a commission to look at the issues. That will include new skills for humans as artificial intelligence takes jobs. Science fact Others, such as Tesla boss Elon Musk, have gone further - declaring AI to be the biggest threat to the survival of the human race. Acting Science and Technology Committee chairwoman Dr Tania Mathias said: "Artificial intelligence has some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in films like Star Wars. "At present, 'AI machines' have narrow and specific roles, such as in voice-recognition or playing the board game Go. "But science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades. "It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field, but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now." 'Failed leadership' British company DeepMind, which is owned by Google, has more than 250 research scientists working on AI at its London headquarters. It has created a machine capable of beating one of the world's greatest Go players and is currently working on developing an artificial hippocampus - the part of the brain believed to be responsible for memory and creativity. In its submission to the committee it said: "The impact of AI will reflect the values of those who build it. AI is a tool that we humans will design, control and direct and it is up to us all to direct that tool towards the common good." DeepMind recently, along with Facebook, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, set up the Partnership on AI, a group aiming to address concerns about where the technology is heading. But Dr Mathias said: "This does not absolve the government of its responsibilities." So far, the government had failed to show "leadership" on the issues, she said. 'Displacing jobs' Dr Mathias wants the commission, which MPs said should be set up at the Alan Turing Institute, "to identify principles for governing the development and application of AI, and to foster public debate". "It is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others," she said. "Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to re-skill and up-skill. "This requires a commitment by the government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change." TechUK, the body that represents UK technology companies, welcomed the report. "Like all new powerful technologies, robotics and AI will bring great changes, and it is essential that they are used in a way that enhances the lives of ordinary people and strengthens the society that we live in," said Sue Daley, head of big data and analytics at TechUK. "Business, academia, citizens and government all have a role to play in ensuring we have an informed and balanced debate about the potential impact of these new technologies and how we can ensure we all benefit from their development and use." Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Google, Facebook, Amazon join forces on future of AI 28 September 2016 Google developing kill switch for AI 8 June 2016 Top Stories Trump makes first picks for White House team US President-elect Donald Trump gives key roles to a top Republican and a conservative media chief. 14 November 2016 NHS bosses 'trying to keep cuts secret' 14 November 2016 Skywatchers prepare for 'supermoon' 13 November 2016 Features Brexmas What might Brexit's impact be on England's winter markets? Barred from Liberland The president unable to enter the tiny country he created Breaking the link Why are poverty and cancer connected? Top job Will Britain ever have a black PM, asks David Harewood Video Station Road What's it like to own a house you could never afford now? ‘Terrible things’ The Iraqi women who came back home after fleeing IS Daring do The model challenged to set up a luxury travel firm I will always love him The letters I wrote to my WW2 fiance still make me weep Test star excites Agnew Haseeb Hameed debut an 'I was there' moment News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
null
null
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Microsoft will launch its price war with Salesforce on November 1 Julie Bort Oct. 11, 2016, 3:59 PM 26,405 facebook linkedin twitter email print Microsoft CEO Satya NadellaBusiness Insider Microsoft on Tuesday showed off the next incarnation of a major software product called Dynamics 365, stuffed full of new features and artificial intelligence.  Microsoft has been teasing Dynamics 365 for a while now, as is its custom. On Tuesday the company announced that Dynamics 365 will be will be available to customers worldwide beginning November 1. This is the product that goes head-to-head with Salesforce, as well as Oracle and SAP.  Dynamics 365 is cloud software that has combined what's known as CRM or customer relationship management software – used by salespeople to track prospects and customers (a market Salesforce leads) – with ERP or enterprise resource management software. ERP is financial, manufacturing, and supply chain management software, a market where SAP is the biggest player, followed by Oracle. This new product is one of the main reasons that Microsoft bought LinkedIn for more than $26 billion. Dynamics 365 includes new applications that sift through data stored in Microsoft documents, the CRM/ERP system, and social media like LinkedIn to provide sales leads and business insights for marketing campaigns. Microsoft had previously said that it plans to start a price war with the main CRM players, particularly Salesforce.  On Tuesday, cloud vice president Takeshi Numoto wrote a blog post that shared a few more details about those pricing plans. He explained that Microsoft's new subscription plans for Dynamics 365 will bundle together many popular options, rather than making a company pay for each one per user, separately. Numoto writes that this "could save four to five times the cost of traditional CRM providers."  While Salesforce isn't known to be dirt cheap — it can cost up to $300 per person per month — enterprise IT departments tend to negotiate prices, so list prices don't always count for much. In his blog post, Numoto also couldn't resist another subtle dig at Salesforce and its newly announced, much hyped AI product called Einstein, which has been receiving mixed reviews so far. Salesforce has spent hundreds of millions of dollars to acquire the tech and team that built Einstein over the past few years. Plus, CEO Marc Benioff has been saying that AI is the next big wave in software, and will one day be baked into everything Salesforce does. Meanwhile, Microsoft, with its massive R&D organization, says its been working on AI for "decades." Numoto writes (emphasis ours): "With so much attention on artificial intelligence and the promise it holds, it can be hard to tell what’s real and what’s not. When it comes to business process – and your business – Dynamics 365 delivers the intelligence you need to transform, now, backed by decades of research and investment." SEE ALSO: Microsoft to Salesforce: Game on NOW WATCH: Archaeologists reconstructed the mansion of a wealthy banker in Pompeii Loading video... More: Microsoft Salesforce Customer Relation Management Dynamics CRM facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Microsoft will launch its price war with Salesforce on November 1 Microsoft will launch its price war with Salesforce on November 1 Microsoft on Tuesday showed off the next... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Database   /   Microsoft's Cortana Intelligence Aimed at Transforming Businesses       Microsoft's Cortana Intelligence Aimed at Transforming Businesses     By Darryl K. Taft  |  Posted 2016-10-11                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... Microsoft's Cortana Intelligence Aimed at Transforming Businesses Here's a look at how companies are using Microsoft technology, including Cortana Intelligence, to power their big data, advanced analytics and AI environments. Portugal Telecom Portugal Telecom's MEO subsidiary is the nation's largest telecom operator, offering 200-plus channels, a vast catalog of video-on-demand content and a state-of-the-art user experience that enables its 1.4 million subscribers to navigate through an extensive range of live and on-demand content. One of the issues the company identified was that although subscribers of its bundled services had a wide variety of content available to them, customers typically accessed only a small selection of familiar content. MEO used Microsoft Cortana Intelligence technologies to provide its Recommendations service to users, transforming content consumption data into meaningful insights and helping customers find relevant content matching their preferences. This helps maintain user loyalty and increase revenue. Allrecipes.com Created by and for family-focused home cooks, Allrecipes has been making cooking more accessible and enjoyable since 1997. In that timeframe, the company has seen several trends emerge regarding how people interact with food content. Providing a personalized experience meant finding the most relevant information in the vast proliferation of online content. To provide each user with a unique experience, Allrecipes.com tapped Microsoft Cortana Intelligence to analyze data about the recipes and user interactions. Now, instead of just returning search results, Allrecipes.com provides recipe recommendations based on cooks' historical interactions. Rolls-Royce Flight delays and disruptions cost the airline industry millions of dollars every year. Even a small reduction in "aircraft on ground" time can translate into a significant amount of money. Rolls-Royce has more than 13,000 engines for commercial aircraft in service around the world, and for the past 20 years, has offered airlines comprehensive engine maintenance services to help keep aircraft available and efficient. Using Microsoft Cortana Intelligence, Rolls-Royce will be able to analyze a rich set of data and perform data modeling at scale to accurately detect operational anomalies and help customers plan relevant actions. When fuel consumption optimization of as little as 1 percent can save millions, applying analytics and intelligence to data promises tremendous value. QuarterSpot QuarterSpot's name sums up its lending model: a small business in need of funding can apply for a loan on the QuarterSpot website. As with traditional lenders, the key to QuarterSpot's model is its ability to accurately assess risk and appropriately price a loan—in short, to be able to tell a good borrower from a bad one. To gain competitive advantage, QuarterSpot needed to expedite and automate its underwriting process. Using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning in the Cortana Intelligence Suite, the company developed and tested multiple complex algorithms to better explain data. This analysis, in turn, helped QuarterSpot reduce default rates by more than 50 percent, saving the company millions. REACH Initiative Millions of people across the world live in a state of "water insecurity," or fear of not having enough water on a daily basis. A team from University of Oxford is trying to break this cycle in Kenya with the REACH Initiative. The time spent finding and carrying water, if local wells are not reliable, steals precious time from farming, making a living or going to school. Understanding groundwater depth is critical to mapping the "health" of an entire water system and helping decision-makers know when water supplies are running low, understand how they fluctuate and forecast availability. The REACH Initiative has widely deployed sensors on water wells, employing Microsoft Cortana Intelligence and machine learning models to help solve this problem accurately by predicting water levels, availability and thus optimizing resources. Sandvik Sandvik Coromant is at the forefront of developing manufacturing tools and solutions that help their own manufacturing customers produce parts in the most efficient, reliable and cost-effective ways possible. To maximize the benefit of its deep knowledge of the machining process, Sandvik Coromant has developed a solution that integrates all elements of the production flow—people, machines, tools, and data—to empower customers to make the best possible business decisions. The solution combines the company's human brainpower and Microsoft's business applications, including advanced analytics solutions, to optimize processes, planning and predictive maintenance scheduling. This helps Sandvik Coromant customers avoid downtime and lower costs. Hendricks Motorsports Hendrick Motorsports fields four of NASCAR's most successful teams and holds a record 11 championships in NASCAR's premier division. With strict regulations governing stock cars, engineers have a limited number of ways they can legally change a car to make it faster. Hendricks developed a customized proprietary universal Windows 10 app powered by Cortana Intelligence to collect data and distill it quickly enough to inform decisions during a race. Prior to using the solution, much of the data was collected manually and could take many hours and multiple engineers to parse it into a manageable format. Ziosk At casual-dining restaurants in the United States, chances are good there'll be a Ziosk tablet at the table. Restaurant guests can use the devices to view menu items, play games, watch news, order food and pay for their meals via a built-in credit card reader. As Ziosk continues to grow, it plans to make its service increasingly valuable to restaurants and their guests and to Ziosk's content and sponsorship partners by providing a personalized user experience for each guest. Ziosk used Microsoft HD Insight and Azure Machine Learning, part of Cortana Intelligence Suite, to aggregate a broad range of user experience data and create models that predict offers, content and user interface elements, developing that personalized experience for guests. Tacoma Public Schools Is it possible to predict whether students are at risk of dropping out of school? Tacoma Public Schools thinks so. A 2007 national study dubbed the 30,000-student district's five high schools "dropout factories," where many freshmen never made it to graduation. As recently as 2010, just 55 percent of the district's high school students—well below the national average of 81 percent—earned their diplomas on time. Using predictive analytics tools, such as Azure Machine Learning from the Cortana Intelligence Suite, the district is providing comprehensive data snapshots of student success indicators that have already helped improve graduation rates from 55 to 82.6 percent. Today, the district is recognized nationally for its educational achievements. Schneider A leader in energy management with a 180-year history, Schneider Electric is headquartered in France and has customers in more than 100 countries. Seeking to balance access to electricity with sustainability, Schneider Electric wanted to find a more efficient way to monitor and manage remote electrical components like solar arrays. Nigeria and Schneider Electric collaborated with Microsoft and the Lagos State Electricity Board to address the country's power challenges by providing sustainable solar power to more than 200 schools and clinics. In close collaboration with Microsoft, the company developed its EcoStruxure.io IoT platform, based on the Microsoft Azure IoT and Cortana Intelligence Suite, to attain real-time insight into sensors, equipment and systems that might operate almost anywhere in the world. Transforming Business With Advanced Analytics: 5 Scenarios This portion of the slide show offers five scenarios in which businesses can capitalize on advanced analytics. Personalization and Customer Insights Businesses can create the products and services that their customers are asking for by harnessing all kinds of customer data. Advanced analytics solutions allow them to predict outcomes with machine learning and create analytics solutions to anticipate not only a customer's next move, but also glean targeted insights into high-value customers. Businesses can use techniques such as sentiment analysis or churn analytics to reduce churn, increase engagement and build customer loyalty. Personalization also enables businesses to develop customized experiences for their users, such as online shopping cart recommendations on items frequently bought together, or suggestions of next best alternatives. Remote Patient Monitoring and Clinical Analysis Health care executives estimate that by using the cloud and analytics instead of older technologies, they're able to cut costs in half while improving patients' lives. Advanced analytics and sensor data can be used to non-intrusively monitor seniors living at home or in assisted-living situations to determine whether a patient is following a treatment protocol correctly. Medical practitioners analyze this data to create personalized treatment plans and can intervene to make corrections. Also, medical researchers are now able to work with larger databases than was practical with previous technologies. Demand Forecasting and Inventory Management Today's always-on shopping experience is the norm for retailers, but makes managing inventory quite challenging. Demand forecasting ensures the right items are stocked in the right quantities, at the right time and place. With advanced analytics, you can get ahead of competitors with insights into not only what your business needs today, but what it will need tomorrow. Advanced analytics enables companies to get a better understanding of inventory demand patterns, supply networks and customer service requirements. Users can now easily obtain and manage a real-time view to assess inventory levels, predict product fulfillment needs and identify potential backlog issues. Field Service and Manufacturing Operational Efficiency Advanced analytics enables companies to capture and analyze data, automatically detect equipment anomalies, generate service tickets, and identify tools, parts, and service technicians to deliver a first-time fix—a vital metric in gauging field service performance. By providing exceptional field service to your smart-connected products, you'll move from a costly break-fix model to a proactive and predictive service model. Uncovering insights buried in the data can help users avoid costly downtime by discovering potential equipment issues before shutting down a factory line. With advanced analytics, the "preventative" becomes the "predictive" to create better outcomes and operational efficiency. Risk and Fraud Management Using advanced analytics, businesses can detect and stop fraud. Companies can gain a comprehensive view of their overall fraud risk to help prevent it. They can detect fraud, waste and abuse with a high degree of accuracy. Advanced analytics enables businesses to measure exposure and risk across all risk types. Businesses can independently calculate and separately assess compliance risk, credit risk, market risk and firm-wide risks. Advanced analytics enables accurate assessment of loan risk to help price a loan appropriately by differentiating between good and bad borrowers. 10 Features Samsung Should Build Into the Galaxy S8 Smartphone View Slideshow » Why DNS Servers Are an Unprotected Back Door into Your Network View Slideshow » 11 Revolutionary Advances in Wireless Tech in 2016 View Slideshow » Panasonic Updates Toughpad FZ-G1 With More Power, Longer Battery Life View Slideshow » Broadcom, Qualcomm Latest Acquirers in Busy Chip Space View Slideshow » Why Donald Trump and Silicon Valley Don't See Eye to Eye View Slideshow » CIOs Expect Steady Growth in Health Care IT Spending, Cyber-Threats View Slideshow » Ransomware Takes Off, Web Browsers Under Attack: Kaspersky Report View Slideshow » TrueOS Succeeds PC-BSD Desktop-Friendly Unix OS View Slideshow » Comparing Microsoft's New Surface Book to Apple's MacBook Pro View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   During Microsoft's Machine Learning and Data Science Summit at the Ignite conference in September, eWEEK sat down with Herain Oberoi, senior director of product management for cloud and enterprise, to discuss how data-driven intelligence is now the key strategic asset of business. "Everything that's happening in the world around us—every purchase, upload, shipment, tweet, keystroke, sensor reading and customer interaction—is producing incredibly rich data that can help us create new experiences, new efficiencies, new business models and even new inventions," he said. Using this data can be a differentiator for businesses. For example, IDC estimates companies that are leaders in using data assets to their advantage will capture $1.6 trillion more in business value than those that lag behind. Cortana Intelligence is Microsoft's family of big data, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) platform and solutions, Oberoi said. This slide show presents 10 examples of companies using Microsoft technology, including Cortana Intelligence, to power their big data, advanced analytics and AI environments, as well as five solution scenarios in which businesses can capitalize on advanced analytics.                       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Today » 10°C Mon 11°C Tues 8°C Wed 10°C Things TO READ Things TO DO SIGN IN Confessions POST A CONFESSION Holy 50 shades posted October 11th, 2016 at 10:34 AM I've recently discovered that i love being dominated in the bedroom. I am a strong, intelligent, confident woman but when i'm with a man in bed, i love being submissive. It just feels natural to me. Now for the first time i have experienced being with a man who is totally confident and dominant, allowing me to completely submit to him - and i LOVED it!! Omg what an experience. He took charge from the second we started; it was like being in the hands of a master. He tied me, spanked me, held me at the throat, pulled my hair... it was so hot. He completely took me! Don't get me wrong - it was completely consensual. We had spent all night talking about what we desired, and he gave me what i asked for. Oh man did he give it to me. I've NEVER cum like that!!! Here's the thing, outside the bedroom he is super kind and respectful. He's smart and considerate, has a super dark/dry sense of humour and is just great company. He'd make the perfect boyfriend! But alas, it was just a hookup, and i'll likely never see him again as he isn't from Van. So, with this new found sexual awakening of sorts, i need to know how to find a boyfriend/partner that is dominant like that in the bedroom. Where do i go to meet men like this - good men, not abusive aggressive men. Just a wonderful man who loves to dominate me in the bedroom. It's a certain kink or fetish i guess and i'm hoping there's a meetup place i can go??? Thanks! 73 42Rating: +31 11 Show 11 Comments 11 Comments Post a Comment TROLL Oct 11, 2016 at 12:52pm This is obviously some deranged loser that wishes someone might write this about him. 17 29Rating: -12 My suggestion Oct 11, 2016 at 12:54pm ...would be to create a profile on Fetlife and write exactly what you wrote here. It's hard to find exactly what you want but that said, there is a vibrant and active fetish and kink community in Vancouver with lots of casual munches and parties. Go get your kink on! 26 8Rating: +18 Le Marquis De Boring Oct 11, 2016 at 2:54pm Your bedroom adventures are sooo edgy. 18 20Rating: -2 @Le Marquis Oct 11, 2016 at 3:31pm She can enjoy what she enjoys, and you can continue to enjoy fisting your own ass. 30 18Rating: +12 BDSM Girl Oct 11, 2016 at 6:08pm Fetlife or there is plenty of events in Vancouver. Sin City and others... 16 7Rating: +9 Normal Tuesday Oct 11, 2016 at 7:38pm That sounds like a normal night at my place, too bad I'm leaving town. 50 shades of rape is an interesting concept but who is kidding whom? "Here's the thing, outside the bedroom he is super kind and respectful. He's smart and considerate, has a super dark/dry sense of humour and is just great company. He'd make the perfect boyfriend!" And this city is full of super kind guys... what is stopping you from making that happen with local men? 12 13Rating: -1 @TROLL Oct 11, 2016 at 8:57pm You are obviously some deranged loser who has never had a woman beg to be tied up! 9 11Rating: -2 Yes please Oct 11, 2016 at 10:52pm Sounds perfect can I have one too!? 13 7Rating: +6 Finally ! Oct 12, 2016 at 9:05am A poster who actually posts a confession. Miracles really DO exist. As to the subject of her confession, in my experience, about 90% of women share your preference for consensual deep submission. Generally they don't find out or admit it to themselves until age 30+ and it's often an experienced man whom helps his lovers arrive at this most satisfying "Ahaaa" moment. Likewise, it usually takes a man advanced in years and experience (40+) to see, embrace and properly act on the perfectly natural inclination of women to be and/or play the submissive role in the carnal arts. It's really all about tweaking that most important sexual organ.. our brains. So welcome to the world of orgasmic bliss baby girl! Once you've arrived, you can never go back, but then.. who'd want to. 10 6Rating: +4 Addendum to "Finally !" Oct 12, 2016 at 4:25pm I forgot to mention.. You've been VERY naughty Babygirl ! I'm going to turn over my lap and give you a good spanking. Who's your daddy. See you on GS 'Missed Connections'. 4 10Rating: -6 LOAD MORE Join the Discussion Your name Comment * gs email To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty. Home page LATEST CONFESSIONS POSTS Reflection on a Storm The worst thing I've done to myself is to start believing, and get into the habit of believing,... more Striving to be More I'm striving to be more like my pets past and present and exhibit their good qualities - offer the... more Utensils I strive to use them as little as possible and eat with my hands and use various fast food napkins to... more To our country's greatest poet It's been two days since his death was announced, yet I'm still welling up with tears at the... more Exotic birds I no bird watcher but I've seen a few. A hoopoe in Myanmar. An island of hornbills in Malaysia.... more Whiners or Reality? My girlfriend and I are moving back to Vancouver in about six months time after living in Brisbane... more what a mess I'm going through an extreme mental health crisis at the moment. I'd like to ask for help but... more Diamonds are forever I think the whole engagement ring idea is one of the greatest scams on earth. A giant company managed... more Women Leaders As a society, when women -as a group - can build skyscrapers, without attention being brought to it as... more Seeking beauty ... in a sea of ugly. I usually consume news like crazy but after Trump winning the election, I can&... more Because it burns my tongue I think of adding it at the end of conversations. After kissing you in the dark. During our first,... more Worst part about Trump winning Lena Dunham said she is moving to Vancouver. more Whistling at concerts ruins the recordings of it and ruins the experience - scream in someone elses ear who likes this sound! more Quilting I've stopped doing it mostly as it is too easy to dismiss something with an eh that someone... more No thanks to Christy Clark! My kid was just confirmed gifted, lightyears ahead of her peers. Yet, there is no extra support or... more More Confessions Posts I SAW YOU REPUBLIC nightclub (fri nov 11) You were in a plain white tshirt + had an accent. I was wearing a gold top, drinking a corona... MORE I SAW YOUS BLOGRA 25 years ago today: Van Halen plays BC... As usual, Eddie Van Halen saved the day. MORE FROM OUR BLOG MOST POPULAR Steve Darling is second former Global B.C. broadcaster running for B.C. Liberals in 2017 Renters of Vancouver: "I'd only been living there for one day" Niki Sharma: An open letter to white Canadians Vancouver filmmaker Neill Blomkamp returns from the future with frightening video of U.S. President Donald Trump Dessert spot 720 Sweets & Etc. set to open inside T&T Supermarket Your horoscope for November 10 to 16, 2016 58 things to do in Metro Vancouver on Sunday, November 13 U.S. election-integrity advocates question legitimacy of Donald Trump's victory Vancouver protest planned tonight against Donald Trump as similar rallies take place in U.S. cities Actor Christoph Waltz outlines the folly of giving a grace period to Donald Trump SHOW MORE TODAY'S EVENTS Nat Bailey Winter Farmers Market To Apr 22, 2017, 10 am–2 pm at  Nat Bailey Stadium Starring Marcus Mosely  at  St. James Hall Erosion To Nov 18 at  SFU Gallery MORE EVENTS FEATURED BOV WINNERSBest independent gym Ron Zalko Fitness & Yoga Spartacus Gym Level 10 Fitness & Physiotherapy SEE FULL LIST OF BEST OF VANCOUVER WINNERS THINGS TO READ THINGS TO DO NEWS MUSIC ARTS LIFE MOVIES FOOD BLOGS CONFESSIONS I SAW YOU CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS ALL EVENTS POST YOUR EVENT MUSIC ARTS FESTIVALS MOVIES CLUBS DINING CONTESTS CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS STORIES EVENTS VENUES Search Sort by Sort by newestSort by relevance Include archived stories Search Type of venue - All Venue Types -Arena/StadiumArts/EntertainmentAttraction/Things to DoBusiness/ServiceCasinoClubMarket/GroceriesMuseum/Art GalleryPub/BarPublic Place/LandmarkRestaurant/CafeShopping/RetailTheatre Search Type of event - All Event Categories -ActivismAttractionsComedyConcertsDanceFestivalsFilmFood & DrinkForums & TalksFundraisers & CharityGalleriesHolidayKids' StuffLiterary/BooksMarketsMuseumsNightlifePerforming ArtsSportsTheatreOther Events that start after... See the Latest Print Edition GEORGIA STRAIGHT History About Us Contact Us Masthead Careers Site Map Covers ADVERTISE Advertise With Us Special Issues Link to Us LEGAL Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions© 2016 Vancouver free press. Best of Vancouver, BOV and Golden Plates are trade-marks of Vancouver Free Press Publishing Corp.
Menu Passcode Search Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscribe Search Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscribe Save Saved Login / Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription offer Subscription offer World USA Commentary Business Energy / Environment Technology Science Culture Books Take Action Passcode Modern field guide to security and privacy A man touched the head of a SoftBank robot known as Pepper in Tokyo. Kim Kyung-Hoon/Reuters | Caption Podcast: Thomas Rid on the 'Rise of the Machines' Security On this episode of The Cybersecurity Podcast, New America's Peter Singer and Passcode's Sara Sorcher interview Thomas Rid, a war studies professor at King's College, about his new book, "Rise of the Machines: A Cybernetic History." Sara Sorcher @SaraSorcher October 11, 2016 —As technology advances, computers are smarter than ever: They can understand human speech and even drive cars. But in order to understand the full capabilities – and limits – of artificial intelligence, we need to understand where these ideas came from, says Thomas Rid, a professor in the department of War Studies at King's College London.  Mr. Rid joins the Cybersecurity Podcast to talk about his new book, "Rise of the Machines: A Cybernetic History," a sweeping history of mankind's deep dependence on technology. Cybernetics is an idea that rose to prominence in the 20th century. Pioneers such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology scholar Norman Wiener  defined the term as "the scientific study of control and communication in the animal and the machine" – essentially, he believed that the relationships between man and machine could be symbiotic.  "Very early on, the pioneers [of cybernetics] expected their machines would be as intelligent as human beings," Mr. Rid tells podcast cohosts New America's Peter Singer and Passcode's Sara Sorcher. "The idea of the singularity, the point when machines would become more intelligence than humans, is a cybernetics idea from the 1960s. A lot of the ideas that guide our work – artificial intelligence, for instance – come from that original source." As Rid points out, "we have this permanent temptation to project our hopes and our fears into our machines...So it's helpful to know about their failures, in order to avoid history repeating itself."  Also on this episode, podcast cohost Sara Sorcher, deputy editor of Passcode at The Christian Science Monitor, discusses a recent  article by Nathaniel Mott detailing emerging etiquette questions as more people bring personal assistant technology such as Amazon's Alexa into their homes. Podcast cohost Peter Singer, strategist and senior fellow at New America, discusses his recent trip to Sweden, where officials are viewing cybersecurity threats in military terms.  Follow Passcode! Cybersecurity news and analysis delivered straight to your inbox. Next Up Surveillance Podcast: Government hacking v. human rights By Sara Sorcher Cybercrime Podcast: Steve Weber on why hackers may start targeting your emotions By Sara Sorcher Surveillance Podcast: Cory Doctorow on science fiction, surveillance and World War III By Sara Sorcher Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
null

null
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Robotics What Happens When You Give an AI a Working Memory? It solves puzzles in a surprisingly human-like way. by Will Knight October 12, 2016 A new kind of computer, devised by researchers at Google DeepMind in the U.K., could broaden the abilities of today’s best AI systems by giving them an important new feature—a kind of working memory. The researchers show that the computer, which consists of a large neural network connected to a unique form of memory, can perform relatively complex tasks by figuring out for itself what information to hold in its memory. The tasks include figuring out the best way to get from one station to another on London’s spaghetti-like Underground transit network, after exploring diagrams of other types of networks and learning about the most salient features. The Google DeepMind researchers call their system a differentiable neural computer. It is differentiable in the sense that its behavior—including what to store in memory—can be learned using the mathematical process, called backpropagation, that underlies the working of neural networks. As the network is trained with data, it will automatically store some information to a memory matrix. “Like a conventional computer, it can use its memory to represent and manipulate complex data structures but, like a neural network, it can learn to do so from data,” the authors, which include Alex Graves, Greg Wayne, and Demis Hassabis, write in a paper published today in the journal Nature. The advance is a step toward artificial intelligence that is a little more human-like in its abilities. While the technique is limited for now, systems built this way might someday perform useful work, says Ruslan Salakhutdinov, an associate professor at CMU who specializes in machine learning and AI. For example, a more advanced version might crawl Wikipedia and figure out what significant concepts, like names, places, and dates, to store in memory. Or it might allow a robot to use information learned in one setting in a completely new one. “It’s a very exciting piece of work,” Salakhutdinov says. The latest machine-learning systems are brilliant at certain tasks, like recognizing faces in images or spoken words. And with practice they can learn to perform complex tasks like playing computer games to an expert level. But they require huge quantities of specific data for training, and unlike a human, cannot store much of what they have learned in memory for use later. This presents a problem in many areas, including language (see “AI’s Language Problem”).  Salakhutdinov notes, however, that making such a differentiable neural computer more complex could be difficult. That’s because in order to access its memory, it has to perform a complex calculation querying every stored piece. “It’s super difficult to get these things to work,” he says. “Scaling up can be a bit problematic.” Interestingly, the work brings two fields of AI that have long been at loggerheads a little closer together. Early work in artificial intelligence involved programming machines to represent information symbolically, while the current vogue is to use very large neural networks that train themselves to perform tasks. For a long time, some AI traditionalists and cognitive scientists have questioned whether neural networks can do what humans do without gaining some deeper ability to represent information symbolically. “I am most impressed by the network’s ability to learn 'algorithms’ from examples,” says Brenden Lake, a cognitive scientist at New York University who studies ways of making computers mimic human intelligence. This could expand the usefulness of deep learning. “Algorithms, such as sorting or finding shortest paths, are the bread and butter of classic computer science. They traditionally require a programmer to design and implement.”  But Lake points out that the system is still not quite human-like in the way it works. “People can pick up a new task from a limited amount of experience, especially if they are familiar with the domain,” he says. “In contrast, the differential neural computer is trained on tens or hundreds of thousands of examples of each task. I think the human ability to quickly learn new tasks will be one of the next major AI challenges.” Weren't able to make it to EmTech? We've got you covered. Read coverage Watch video From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Demis Hassabis, Google, AI, artificial intelligence, DeepMind, neural networks, EmTech 2016, EmTech Digital 2017, MIT Technology Review Events Will Knight Senior Editor, AI I am the senior editor for AI at MIT Technology Review. I mainly cover machine intelligence, robots, and automation, but I’m interested in most aspects of computing. I grew up in south London, and I wrote my first line of code (a spell-binding… More infinite loop) on a mighty Sinclair ZX Spectrum. Before joining this publication, I worked as the online editor at New Scientist magazine. If you’d like to get in touch, please send an e-mail to will.knight@technologyreview.com. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Robotics Smart machines are beginning to speak to us and act on their own. The Best of the Physics arXiv (week ending November 12, 2016) This week’s most thought-provoking papers from the Physics arXiv. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv The Future of Artificial Intelligence and Cybernetics In this article excerpt, a British researcher discusses why AI and cybernetics are moving beyond the realm of science fiction—but warns that the technologies also raise significant ethical questions. by Kevin Warwick, Coventry University In the 1980s, the Self-Driving Van Was Born Primitive lidar, green-and-black screens, and literally tons of computing gear powered CMU’s NavLab 1. by Michael Reilly More from Robotics The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Survival guide Things To Do Elections 2015 Go to...Survival guide Things To Do Elections 2015 Home Greece Politics Finance World Culture Travel Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Weather Go to...Home Greece Politics Finance World Culture Travel Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Weather ATHEX INDEX: 587.020% Latest News GSEE: 30.8% unemployed in 2nd quarter of 2016 » Over 800,000 permanently unemployed in past 4 years ... Athens in lockdown in wake of Barack Obama’s visit (photos) » US President to make two speeches ... Conor McGregor makes history with 2nd title win in NYC (videos-photos) » Beat Eddie Alvarez in second round ... Greece draw (1-1) against Bosnia Herzegovina (photos-video) » Greece remain second on table ... IMF’s demands for new Greek bailout deal » What it expects from Greece, Europe in return for 6 billion Euros ... Magnitude-7.8 earthquake rocks New Zealand » Tsunami strikes, raises fear of more to come ... American Lysistrata denies husband sex for voting Trump » Husband confesses on Reddit ... Troika returns, demands to trim down public sector » Civil servants must go ... Over 50,000 participate in the 34th Athens Marathon » All-time record of participants from 105 countries ... Reporter George Georgiadis passes away at 62 » Widely recognised by peers and viewers for his courage and passion in covering conflict zones for 30 ... 9 celebrities with high IQ (photos) Oct, 12 2016 Author: newsroom Not only are they famous but they are also smart Related 10 ‘awkward’ celebrity family relationships (video) 12 great Greek minds in foreign Universities (photos) Sexy Greek celebrities on the beach (photos) Meet the hot Greek physio Annabelle (photos) Madonna “offers” oral sex to Hillary voters (vide-photos) They are famous role models for many of their fans and really intelligent. In the USA, the average IQ is 98. Albert Enstein had an IQ of 160 and Galileus of 182. Here is the list of the 10 highest IQ ranking celebrities:   Arnold Schwarzenegger, 135 Who would have thought so, having said that “A gay wedding should actually happen between a man and a woman”? Shakira, 140 Sexy, mother of two and founder of two schools. Madonna, 140 It takes some intelligence to be 30 years on the top of the music industry. Nolan Gould, 150 Not only is he a successful actor of Modern Family, but he also graduated high School when he was only 13. Sharon Stone, 153 She turned down a scholarship from Pennsylvania University to become a model and later an actress. Quentin Tarantino, 160 His passion for movies made him drop out of school when he was 15 and get a job in a video store. James Woods, 184 The voice in Family Guy, Simpsons as well as some Disney movies had been offered a scholarship from MIT but turned it down as he preferred show business. Lisa Kudrow, 160 The actress who became famous by playing dumb roles holds a Bachelor in Biology and has conducted medical researches. Rowan Atkinson, 178 His studies as an electronic engineer in Newcastle and a Master’s from Oxford University make him totally the opposite of Mr. Bean. Tags With: Arnold Schwarzeneggercelebritiescharlize theronIQlisa kudrowmadonnaquentin tarantinorowan atkinsonshakirasharon stone ← Brexit details are going into vote Archaeologists recreate Pompeii banker house! (video) → Nov, 09 2016 Melania Trump: The sexiest 1st Lady ever in the White… Nov, 07 2016 Alessandra Ambrosio raising the temperature! (video-photos) Nov, 07 2016 Celebs who have a…”bad relationship” with underwear (photos) Recent Popular Clinton wins the popular vote… Nov, 09 2016 Two Greek hotels in top 25 globally: 2016 TripAdvisor Travelers… Nov, 08 2016 Naked woman on moving car! (video-photos) Nov, 04 2016 Tsipras reshuffles cabinet to appease creditors, retains key ministers Nov, 05 2016 Children cancer support group “Floga” runs in 34th Athens Marathon… Nov, 11 2016 NASA discovers “metal rock” on Mars (photos-video) Nov, 04 2016 Germany assesses the impact of a Trump victory on Greece… Nov, 08 2016 Barack Obama’s program in Greece Nov, 12 2016 10 most majestic castles in the world! (photos) Nov, 11 2016 Greek PM sends clear message to new cabinet that deal… Nov, 07 2016 GSEE: 30.8% unemployed in 2nd quarter of 2016 Nov, 14 2016 Athens in lockdown in wake of Barack Obama’s visit (photos) Nov, 14 2016 Conor McGregor makes history with 2nd title win in NYC… Nov, 14 2016 Greece draw (1-1) against Bosnia Herzegovina (photos-video) Nov, 14 2016 IMF’s demands for new Greek bailout deal Nov, 13 2016 Magnitude-7.8 earthquake rocks New Zealand Nov, 13 2016 American Lysistrata denies husband sex for voting Trump Nov, 13 2016 Troika returns, demands to trim down public sector Nov, 13 2016 Over 50,000 participate in the 34th Athens Marathon Nov, 13 2016 Reporter George Georgiadis passes away at 62 Nov, 12 2016 Goodbye Obama: Memorable moments of Barack Obama (photos) Nov, 12 2016 Barack Obama’s program in Greece Nov, 12 2016 Greek public revenue down by 9.2bln euros during economic crisis Nov, 12 2016 Trump: If we attack Syria we would be in war… Nov, 12 2016 Gingrich for secretary of state? Nov, 11 2016 New VP-elect: Turkey is America’s most important ally in the… Nov, 11 2016 IMF ready to return: demands new memorandum for Greece Nov, 11 2016 24-year-old arrested in Thrace with over 6,000 child porn files Nov, 11 2016 Nostradamus’s predictions about Trump, Greece, world’s end Nov, 11 2016 Trump victory explained in hilarious rant (warning graphic language-video) Nov, 11 2016 GSEE: 30.8% unemployed in 2nd quarter of 2016 Over 800,000 permanently unemployed in past 4 years Read more → Athens in lockdown in wake of Barack Obama’s visit (photos) US President to make two speeches Read more → IMF’s demands for new Greek bailout deal What it expects from Greece, Europe in return for 6 billion Euros Read more → Contact Address: 5 Agrafon St., Marousi Zip Code: 151 23 Call us: +30 210 68 80 700 Fax: +30 210 68 92 778 email: contact@protothema.gr Travel Two Greek hotels in top 25 globally: 2016 TripAdvisor Travelers… Sydney Airport auctions off lost items from laptops to wedding… Two Greek islands voted in top 15 in the world… 5 tips to show up higher on Google search for… Sort Recent Posts Pharmacists close their stores next Monday and Tuesday Mar, 07 2014 Deutsche Bank: The primary surplus reduces the likelihood of a… Mar, 18 2014 Eurostat: -0.9% deflation for Greece Mar, 18 2014 Categories Blogs Civilization Culture Economy Elections 2015 Elections september 2015 Greece Health Legally speaking Lifestyle Mediterranean cooking Mundial 2014 nature Photo of the day Politics Sports Therapy Session Tourism Transportation Travel Weather World Copyright 2013 Protothemanews.com | All Rights Reserved | This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More


Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»GARTNER AKTIE»Visual IQ Named a Visionary in 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Marketing Analytics GARTNER INC 93,84  Euro +1,381 +1,49 % WKN: 887957  ISIN: US3666511072 Ticker-Symbol: GGRA  Frankfurt | 14.11.16 | 08:05 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheIT-Dienstleistungen AktienmarktS&P MidCap 400 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart 12.10.2016 | 15:02 (66 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Visual IQ Named a Visionary in 2016 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Digital Marketing Analytics Evaluation based on completeness of vision and ability to execute Visual IQ, the leading cross channel marketing attribution software provider, today announced that the company has been recognised by Gartner, Inc. as a Visionary in the 2016 "Magic Quadrant for Digital Marketing Analytics" research report. The attribution pioneer was evaluated for its capabilities in a variety of domains, such as extensibility, data collection and onboarding, data access, and deployment, and was recognised as a Visionary for completeness of vision and ability to execute. Visual IQ's IQ Intelligence Suite provides brands and agencies with an advertiser-trusted, publisher-agnostic approach for measuring and optimising cross channel performance. Through its multi-dimensional, algorithmic modelling approach, the Visual IQ platform measures the true impact of an organisation's marketing efforts by identifying the touchpoints that are most effective across the complex customer journey and determining how to best allocate budgets. Visual IQ believes this recognition is due to its publisher-agnostic approach, the trustworthiness of its attribution metrics and recommendations, and its recent product enhancements, including IQ Envoy for Branding and TV Attribution, which contribute to the overall comprehensiveness of the solution. Gartner defines digital marketing analytics platforms as applications "used to understand and improve digital channel user experience, and prospect and customer acquisition and behaviour, and to optimise marketing and advertising campaigns, with an emphasis on digital channels and techniques." Visual IQ, which was included as a Niche player in last year's inaugural Digital Marketing Analytics Magic Quadrant, was positioned the furthest in the Visionaries quadrant in this year's report for its Completeness of Vision, which is evaluated based on a deep understanding of the industry, product innovation, and marketing, sales, and geographic strategy. "We feel Gartner's recognition of Visual IQ as a Visionary in Digital Marketing Analytics speaks volumes to the work we've been doing since we started in 2006 to build a robust, innovative and constantly evolving attribution solution for our customers across the globe," said Manu Mathew, co-founder and CEO of Visual IQ. "We believe our shift from Niche player to Visionary demonstrates we are meeting, and in many cases exceeding, the unique needs of today's advertisers, and we look forward to continuing to push the boundaries of what's possible with attribution in the years to come." To download the report or learn more about Visual IQ's advanced attribution solution, visit www.visualiq.com. The Gartner report referenced in this press release is: "Magic Quadrant for Digital Marketing Analytics" (5th October 2016) by Martin Kihn, Adam Sarner, Andrew Frank, Christi Eubanks, and Lizzy Foo Kune. Gartner Disclaimer Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organisation and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. About Visual IQ Visual IQ produces the world's most powerful cross channel marketing attribution software products. As a pioneer in the space, the company has been offering products since 2006. Its SaaS-based IQ Intelligence Suite reveals cross channel performance insights hidden deep within companies' marketing data, providing actionable recommendations and optimised media plans to improve marketing effectiveness. These recommendations enable marketers and agencies to adjust their advertising strategies and tactics to significantly increase marketing ROI across their entire marketing mix both online and offline. The functionality behind these products combines a powerful, user-friendly interface with multi-dimensional fractional attribution science and predictive analytics that clearly and accurately show marketers where opportunities exist for improvement. Visual IQ was named a leader in cross channel attribution by a leading market research firm four times in a row, won The Drum's Digital Trading Award for Best Attribution Solution in 2015 and 2016, won the 2014 ASPY Award for Best Data or Analytics Solution, and was a finalist in the Digital Analytics Association Excellence Awards in 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016. The company is a member of the IAB in the US, UK, France and Italy, is a member of the Canadian Marketing Association, and sits on the IAB's Advertising Technology, Data, Public Policy and CFO councils and the Digital Analytics Association's Standards Committee. Visual IQ can be reached at info@visualiq.com or by visiting www.visualiq.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161012005784/en/ Contacts: Visual IQ Sally Baker sally.baker@visualiqpr.com © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu GARTNER INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr OpenText Named a Leader in Gartner's 2016 Magic Quadrant for Enterprise Content Management ► Artikel lesen Fr Forrester's, Gartner's & Everyone's Else's Technology Trends Predictions are Deja Vu All Over Again ► Artikel lesen Fr CenturyLink recognized as a leader in Gartner's 2016 Magic Quadrant for Cloud-Enabled Managed Hosting, Asia Pacific ► Artikel lesen Do Gartner positioniert Interactive Intelligence erneut als Visionär im Magic Quadrant für Contact Center as a Service in Westeuropa Frankfurt/Main (ots) - - Positionierung durch Gartner in dieser Kategorie zum zweiten Mal in Folge - Interactive Intelligence außerdem Leader im Gartner Magic Quadrant for Contact Center... ► Artikel lesen Do Gartner Predicts 15 Percent of Successful Chief Data Officers Will Move to CEO, COO, CMO or Other C-Level Positions by 2020 Gartner Survey Finds That 30 Percent of CDOs Report to the CEO Analysts Advise CIOs on How to Work With CDOs at Gartner Symposium/ITxpo 2016, November 6-10 in Barcelona Gartner... ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart GARTNER INC Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % GARTNER INC 93,84 +1,49 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:36 GMT +314 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search UK Gov't Not Ready for Robots, Accused of Ignoring AI Pixabay Europe 15:31 12.10.2016Get short URL 126240 The British government is unprepared for the rise of the robots, a committee of MPs has warned, suggesting ministers are blind to the rapid development of Artificial Intelligence (AI). "Science fiction is slowly becoming science fact," Tania Mathias, chair of the Science and Technology Committee said. "Robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades." The committee's report urges the government to set up a commission to ensure AI enriches workers' lives in Britain, rather than destroy them. Advances in robotics & #AI will reshape the way we live and work. Read our new report: https://t.co/KZ8eY9hWHk pic.twitter.com/xJh0rQmJ6q — Sci & Tech Committee (@CommonsSTC) October 12, 2016​ "It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligence systems begins now," the report states. ​The committee cites concerns that the tech industry, including Amazon, Google and Tesla, are taking the lead on AI in the world, when the government should be. "Government leadership in the fields of robotics and AI has been lacking. Some major technology companies — including Google and Amazon — have recently come together to form the partnership on AI." The report expresses "disappointment" that the British government has still not published its digital strategy and urges it to "set out its plans for equipping the future workforce with digital skills we need." We're calling for a new Commission to examine the ethical, economic & societal implications of #AI use in the UK pic.twitter.com/HHDKOMkkM9 — Sci & Tech Committee (@CommonsSTC) October 12, 2016​ However, Britain's Labour party recently launched an independent investigation into the so-called "fourth industrial revolution." Labour Deputy Tom Watson, told the party's annual conference that the inquiry would look at the future of Britain's workforce; an announcement that was branded "ignorant" and "patronizing" by robotics expert and futurologist Ray Hammond.  "I understand why they may need to discuss the topic. But they're representing it as some kind of apocalypse," Mr. Hammond told Sputnik in a recent interview. Mr. Hammond believes it's more likely that robots will free-up workers to do other jobs — rather than replicate them and take over jobs. 51% of the ‘Data Generation’ fear robots will take their jobs #AI: https://t.co/OdyubNJgdQ pic.twitter.com/I6jl1P7U0P — SAS Software UK (@SASsoftwareUK) October 4, 2016 ​And peers sitting in the House of Lords in Westminster recently got on board the driverless cars industry to collect evidence on how useful autonomous vehicles could be on Britain's roads, rural industries and space exploration. Meanwhile, the Science and Technology Committee of MPs remains concerned that the British government is still too reticent when it comes to embracing the robotic revolution. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 40 Related: Fact and Fiction Behind the Threat of 'Killer AI' Britain Picks Up Lords in Race to Conquer Driverless Technology Investigation Launched Into Robots Disguised as Workers by UK Labour Party Tags: technological revolution, AI, committee, robots, artificial intelligence, technologies, British Labour Party, British Conservative Party, House of Lords, Labour Party, House of Commons, Tom Watson, Great Britain, Britain, United Kingdom, London TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply michael 01:51 16.10.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete given that politicians have no intelligence themselves, of course they are blind to technology (I shan't call it ai).Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Mogherini: EU Ready to Work With New US Administration 'From Very First Weeks' The EU foreign minsters are ready to work now with the new US administration under Donald Trump from from the very first days of its functioning, EU Foreign Policy Chief Federica Mogherini said. 9578 Barcelona Striker Messi Not to Renew Contract With Football Club Argentine forward Lionel Messi decided that he will not renew his contract with the FC Barcelona, Spanish media reported on Monday. 0 35 China Will Retaliate if Trump Imposes 45% Tariff on Chinese Imports If President-elect Donald Trump decides to impose a 45-percent tariff on imports from China, Beijing will take a tit-for-tat approach, which would affect Boeing orders, iPhone sales and US maize and soybean imports, Chinese media reported. 0 163 Radev Wins Bulgarian Presidential Election With 59.4% of Votes Former Bulgarian Air Force Commander, Maj. Gen. Rumen Radev, presidential candidate of the Bulgarian Socialist Party, won the election with 59.4 percent of votes, the Central Election Commission (CEC) said on Monday. 1181 Mass Evacuation Underway as Dam Breaches on New Zealand River New Zealand authorities urged residents of the Marlborough region to seek for higher ground after a dam on the Clarence River had breached following a 7.9 Magnitude quake and series of aftershocks in the country. 51513 Jailed Russian Pilot Yaroshenko May Be Returned to Russia as Trump Takes Office Konstantin Yaroshenko, a Russian pilot held in a United States prison since 2011 on drug smuggling charges, may be returned to his homeland under Donald Trump's administration, the Izvestia newspaper reported on Monday, citing US Republican party sources. 5821 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:26Barcelona Striker Messi Not to Renew Contract With Football Club 10:21Japan to Continue to Stick to Non-Nuclear Principles - Prime Minister 10:14Trump Promises to Send 2-3Mln Migrants Out of US 10:13China Will Retaliate if Trump Imposes 45% Tariff on Chinese Imports 10:02Radev Wins Bulgarian Presidential Election With 59.4% of VotesAll news #NotMyPresident: Protests Ongoing in Washington DC Days After Trump's Win 45875 Trump: US to End Up Fighting Russia in Syria if Attacks Assad 17776 'Root of All Evil': Reasons Behind Hillary Clinton's Defeat 12937 Twitter Explodes Over 'Moron' Mensch Leonard Cohen, 'Joyless' Russia Gaffe 11721 UK Journalist Calls for 'Presidential Assassination' 10665All news #NotMyPresident: Protests Ongoing in Washington DC Days After Trump's Win 496 US Response to Anti-Trump Protests Exposes Double Standards in Full Play 99 UK Journalist Calls for 'Presidential Assassination' 96 'Root of All Evil': Reasons Behind Hillary Clinton's Defeat 75 Trump: US to End Up Fighting Russia in Syria if Attacks Assad 58All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Carnival of Curves: Best Moments of Miss BumBum Contest Elections 101 US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:36 GMT, Nov 14, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeUK Robots are coming… and will ‘fundamentally’ change human life, UK MPs warn Published time: 12 Oct, 2016 12:10Edited time: 13 Oct, 2016 16:19 Get short URL © Reuters The UK government is not prepared for the imminent arrival of robots, which will “fundamentally” change lives, take over jobs and raise serious ethical issues, MPs have warned. Artificial intelligence (AI) such as driverless cars and supercomputers that can help doctors with medical diagnoses will soon be the norm, the Science Technology Committee says, but the government’s role in preparing for the change is “lacking.” Read more Robots will ‘liberate’ 25% of business service workers by 2035, claims Deloitte “Science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades,” said Tania Mathias, the Tory acting chairwoman of the committee. “It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now.” The committee warned the government does not have a strategy in place for developing new skills to help workers succeed in a world with greater reliance on AI. “Concerns about machines taking jobs and eliminating the need for human labor have persisted for centuries. Nevertheless, it is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others,” Mathias said. “Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to reskill and upskill. “This requires a commitment by the government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change.” Read more Self-learning AI robot hired by London council… for customer service The committee added there were ethical and social issues arising from the use of AI. It said Google’s photo app, which automatically labels pictures, was reported to have classified images of black people as gorillas, and called for action to be taken to stop discrimination being accidentally built into AI systems. Earlier this year, a report by Deloitte said a quarter of jobs in Britain’s business services sector would be taken over by robots in the next 20 years because of falling technology costs and rising wages. Another report by the Big Four firm said more than 11 million jobs in the UK are at risk of automation, with the manufacturing, wholesale and retail, and professional, scientific and technical sectors to be hit the hardest. The London Business School predicts jobs in law, medicine, architecture, communications and space technology would be performed by robotic workers in the next 20 years. READ MORE: Sex robot café aims to offer Londoners fellatio with their morning coffee There have also been serious ethical concerns about artificial intelligence raised. WATCH MORE: This is FEDOR - Final Experimental Demonstration of the Research Object #bender A video posted by RT (@rt) on Oct 11, 2016 at 11:28am PDT Sheffield University professor of robotics Noel Sharkey has warned teens may soon have their first sexual encounters with specifically-designed robotic dolls, saying the trend could ruin human relationships and have terrible consequences for humanity. Last month, an entrepreneur who hopes to open London’s first “fellatio cafe” revealed his staff will be made up entirely of sex robots. Businessman Bradley Charvet claims the sex-bot will be programmable to a person’s needs and will soon be seen as “totally normal.” Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
Events & Conferencing news   Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Togo Burkina Faso Cameroon Cote D'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone East Africa Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Uganda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Mauritius Seychelles North Africa Algeria Chad Egypt Libya Morocco Tunisia Central Africa Burundi DR Congo Rwanda Zambia International Marketing & Media Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality International Search for: What makes a top MC a master of the task? 12 Oct 2016 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF    Issued by: 360 Degrees Production House What is the value-add for that big awards event, on which you're spending many thousands of rands in order to recognise and endorse the fine achievements of your company? Is it okay to let Brian from accounts handle all the intros and announcements and stuff? Or does your company need a professional MC, who is equal to the high standards that you demand of yourselves in your own discipline? Someone who understands the form, the finer detail, the rigour, discipline, good humour and confidence that glues a fine ceremony together. Someone who makes you look good. When you’ve experienced the best, it’s a complete no-brainer. ‘Elegant’, ‘gracious’, ‘charming’, ‘gorgeous’, ‘glamorous’, ‘professional’, ‘loved by all generations’. A quick internet search throws up all of these descriptors about the truly vivacious, intelligent and informed Ursula (Stapelfeldt) Chikane. A regular contributor to 360 Degrees corporate event productions, Ursula is always regarded as a highly valued member of the team. Her research is impeccable. She comes to each event having thoroughly prepared the script and background to the event. She knows and understands the client company’s core business, their latest innovations and their current profile in the world of business. She knows who is part of the leadership and management teams and she makes it her business to make every person who steps on stage feel comfortable and at ease. She checks and re-checks the pronunciation of every name (How do YOU pronounce Labuschagne?) and she is unfailingly calm, good-humoured and un-ruffled. Ursula is also principled and ethical about the brands with which she is prepared to align herself. In addition to her sterling professionalism, Ursula is loved by the 360 Degrees event production team, because she makes no fussy hospitality demands, is always immaculately presented, and is always warm, bubbly, approachable and accommodating. Ms Chikane proves that, as a top M of Ceremony, she’s worth her weight in gold. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Advertisement 360 Degrees Production House's press office Expert tease 27 Oct 2016 What makes a top MC a master of the task? 12 Oct 2016 Here's BEE that would actually work. 10 Oct 2016 Green Light 1 Aug 2016 360 Degrees Production House achieves significant BBBEE milestone. 28 Jul 2016 360 Degrees Production House360 Degrees Production House is an event management company, servicing a wide range of private sector clients. We leverage both internal and public facing events, for maximum effectiveness and impact. Profile | News | Contact | Twitter | Facebook | RSS Feed Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Related ADC 96th Annual Awards open for entries Zuckerberg sure fake news on Facebook didn't sway election CiTi to host R1m serious games challenge in CPT By Tom Jackson Seven top online marketing experts to follow By Charles Mburugu News Show more [Desktop site][Go to top] Subscribe to newsletter Invite a friend Contact us About us Send us news Advertising rates sales@bizcommunity.com +27 (0) 86 081 2000 +27 (0) 86 552 3703 News News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read MyBiz My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My favourites My connections My groups My followers Following people Press offices Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info Jobs Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job Recruitment login Events All events Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Contributors Articles Contributors A-Z People Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Companies Company listings Associations My company Press offices Lifestyle Multimedia Image Submit gallery Biztakeouts Radio Advertising rates My Account Contact us
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics Science Entertainment Pictures Investigations Brexit More Telegraph News Can you solve the confusing brainteaser driving Facebook crazy?  Can you spot the pattern?  Credit: Facebook  Mark Molloy 12 October 2016 • 11:17am Can you work out the connection between these confusing equations? Thousands of Facebook users have shared this maths conundrum with their friends, but there’s a catch- you can only share it if you understand what is going on (or just pretend you do). Surprisingly, more than 100,000 have shared the post, however you actually only need the most basic of maths skills to work out the correct answer. The post has divided problem solvers; with some unable to work it out and others arguing they found it too easy. (Scroll down for the answer). Brenden Sterrett posted: “I'll probably be the only one to admit that I didn't get it…” While John Bradley Leonhart replied: “It's important to remember that an IQ test doesn't measure intelligence, simply pattern recognition. I figured this out nearly immediately, that doesn't make me any more or less intelligent than any of you, it means I recognised a pattern on a photo on the internet. “Admitting failure is the quickest way to learn in my opinion, I feel really bad for those who pretend to know something they don't. They're only hurting themselves.” US scientists' new IQ measure: take the test Play! 01:31 Isis Ngame argued: “This has nothing to do with having a high IQ. The brain is, and always will be, a ‘pattern seeking device’. “Once you find the pattern of the first two problems, you'll seek out patterns in the others. Nothing special. It's what the brain naturally does.” Jerry Saunders replied: “Simple math and pattern recognition does not equal high intelligence.” So what’s the answer? All you need to do with the first two numbers on each line is to: Multiply/add/subtract. So on the first line: 8 x 2 = 16, 8 + 2 = 10, 8-2 =6 (or 16106). You then repeat the pattern for each line. It's not the first puzzle to go viral:  Can you solve the 'simple' maths puzzle confusing the internet? And here's why 5+5+5 doesn’t always make 15.  Exam questions that divided the internet Follow Telegraph News READ MORE ABOUT: Trending Show more News latest 02:32 14 Nov 2016, 7:33am What is a supermoon, when can I see the largest moon in 70 years and will it be cloudy where I live? 14 Nov 2016, 7:30am Comment: Britain should be building bridges with Trump, not putting up walls Tony Brenton Premium 14 Nov 2016, 7:00am Never Marry a Mitford: Duke of Devonshire's jumpers and their 'unrepeatable' slogans stand out in new Chatsworth exhibition 14 Nov 2016, 6:55am Comment: President Trump is not going to be the ogre some fear, but we need to mend fences – I can help with that  Nigel Farage Premium 14 Nov 2016, 6:48am Strictly Come Dancing 2016, week 8 results: Daisy Lowe is eliminated as Ed Balls goes through to Blackpool 14 Nov 2016, 6:47am X Factor 2016 week 5 results: Honey G accused of being "disrespectful" during Remembrance Day song, but Sam Lavery is voted off 14 Nov 2016, 6:30am Comment: Censoring Marine Le Pen damages a free society Robin Aitken Premium 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am Scotland facing up to £1.3 billion extra cuts thanks to Brexit 'growth shock' 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am City watchdogs fear Lifetime Isa could lead to mis-selling scandal Gallery 14 Nov 2016, 6:00am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 14 November 2016 14 Nov 2016, 5:51am Steve Bannon: Who is the Donald Trump's chief strategist and why is he so feared? 00:57 14 Nov 2016, 5:34am New Zealand earthquake: Powerful aftershocks keep rocking the country after 7.8 magnitude quake kills two in South Island 14 Nov 2016, 4:47am At $800,000 a pop, new Navy destroyer's ammo is in question 14 Nov 2016, 4:00am Westworld episode 7 recap: Bernard conspiracy theorists finally get an answer 14 Nov 2016, 3:25am First woman to fly China's J-10 fighter killed in crash 14 Nov 2016, 2:55am Comment: Walnut's last walk: If you love an animal, you set yourself up for heartbreak Jane Shilling Premium 14 Nov 2016, 12:39am Ivana Trump tells Donald to make her US Ambassador to Czech Republic  01:12 14 Nov 2016, 12:14am Donald Trump's first television interview: deporting illegal immigrants, building the wall and considering locking up Hillary Clinton  14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Sin taxes on alcohol and tobacco have cost the Treasury more than £31 billion, analysis finds 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am The Pity of War: the Loves and Lives of the War Poets: a poignant reminder of Wilfred Owen's reportage: review 4 14 Nov 2016, 12:01am Theresa May says Donald's Trump's victory shows why Britain needs to control immigration If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
null
This Week’s Front Page News Local News State News National News Business/Financial Lifestyle Education Lifestyles Religion Sports Local Sports Advice Point Of View Submit A Letter To The Editor e-Edition Search Monday, November 14, 2016 About Us Advertise With Us Editorial Format Subscribe Classifieds Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password The Toledo Journal This Week’s Front Page News Local News State News National News Business/Financial Lifestyle Education Lifestyles Religion Sports Local Sports Advice Point Of View Submit A Letter To The Editor e-Edition Home Advice Ask Dr. Sam Advice Ask Dr. Sam By Online Editor - October 11, 2016 391 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter How to love your woman    Women want men who understand them emotionally and psychologically. If a man can create an emotional connection by truly trying to understand a woman, most women will have no problem responding to this kind of man and she will see him as the man of her dreams. Love and intimacy are what most women desire, however, experiencing this is rare. Loving women the way they want to be loved is paramount. For example, when a woman says, “I feel like I can tell you anything,” most of the time an emotional connection has been made. Every woman is unique and precious in her own right.  In order to know what a woman wants you have to know the character traits she values. She may like ambition, humor, or intelligence. If your traits match what she values it will be easier for her to connect with you emotionally. Women want and need harmony in their relationships. Women could be doing great in their professional life, but if their love life is not right, they are miserable.  A woman’s love is a nonstop reality, even when she is not showing it. When women are in love they want to invest time and energy into the relationship by talking to their man, spending time with him and creating plans with him. If you can understand how creating plans and special memories allows a woman to emotionally connect and build intimacy with you, then you will have no problem making the relationship feel special and everlasting for her. Women’s happiness should be a No. 1 priority. Women desire to be appreciated, loved and adored by the man they love. Most women want emotional safety and to be valued, because this unlocks the heart and soul of women. She has to trust the love she feels is real. Question 1) Dear Dr. Sam, I am always trying to get to know my wife better so I can make her happy, can you give me any word of advice on accomplishing this task? (Stan, 37) Answer) Dear Stan, If you read my commentary the information in it is priceless. Start from there also and keep communicating with her on these levels emotionally, spiritually, physically, mentally, and sexually. Question 2) Dear Dr. Sam, How do I get my husband to learn me better? (Janice, 31) Answer) Dear Janice, Teach him. If you have a great and open man show him what you like, help him understand how you feel and tell him where you want to go. If your man loves you he will be open and wanting to make you happy. www.sammallette.com For answers to Ask Dr. Sam, question of the day, speaking engagements, or questions and responses go to www.sammallette.com. Check out my site for everything from new updates, consulting, relationships, business, sex, manhood, empowering women, and health/wellness just to name a few. I am hosting the national show “TCT Alive” and co-hosting the show “Celebrate” on the TCT network. Celebrate every Thursday live 8pm-9pm Check local listings. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleThe Champ, Robert Easter Jr. honored at former high school, Bowsher Next articleNEW BREED Softball Team shows appreciation for their coaches Online Editor http://thetoledojournal.co RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Advice Ask Dr. Sam [Will you ever learn?] Events Komen Northwest Ohio and Center of Hope Community Baptist Church Host Women’s Empowerment Day in honor of Breast Cancer Survivors and Caregivers Advice Ask Dr. Sam LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Related Stories Laborers Local 500 honors retirees Shawn Reid’s new book has powerful positive images for children of color Ask Dr. Sam [Will you ever learn?] Komen Northwest Ohio and Center of Hope Community Baptist Church Host Women’s Empowerment Day in honor of Breast Cancer Survivors and Caregivers Connect with us! The Toledo Journal is Northwest Ohio's Oldest African-American Owned Newspaper. We are a National Black Chamber of Commerce award winning newspaper that campaigns for advocacy, justice, equal rights and inclusion for African-American citizens in Toledo, Ohio. Contact us: toljour@aol.com POPULAR POSTS Black girls rock; Toledo’s only all-girl elementary robotics team February 12, 2016 TARTA 2016 schedule updates June 3, 2016 Stewart Academy for Girls, a Date with a Princess: Father and... February 19, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Top Stories106 Lifestyle90 Local News87 Events81 Lifestyles56 News54 Education36 Religion15 Subscribe Advertise With Us Payments Contact Us Web Development by Silver Lining Concierge, LLC © Copyright 2016 - All Rights Reserved |The Toledo Journal
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News Top Stories General Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Finance Showtime Nollywood Music Videos Celebrities AMAA Music Artists Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News International Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | General | Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe AY set to break another record with his new movie "A Trip To Jamaica" Buhari has good intentions for Nigeria, but he is surrounded by saboteurs – Waku Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe Mandy Oteng 11/10/2016 04:37:00 4 0 View Comments A Nigerian judge rolled on the floor, begged the Department of State Service (DSS) boss Mr. Lawan Daura when confronted with evidence that he got more than N500million bribe. The judge refused to unlock the safe in his house for DSS operatives to have access to its contents, a source told The Nation newspaper. The DSS, which plans to take possession of the safe to uncover its contents, is said to have been questioning bank directors over links with some of the judges. The source said: “Corruption in the Judiciary was based on our intelligence gathering and alerts from informants and petitions. It is not based on the perception of Nigerians. We have been on the trail of some of these judges in the last few months. “For instance, we started probing one of the seven judges in detention (now released) since the Ramadan period of 2015. When we got sufficient intelligence on him, bordering on over N500million bribe, we invited him. “The judge was given a copy of our report on him. By the time he read it halfway, he prostrated, held the legs of the security chief and begged for forgiveness. We captured the way he was reeling on the floor. “We later sent a security brief on him to the National Judicial Council (NJC) with enough evidence. But he was cleared by the NJC as having committed no wrong. Since the NJC could not do the needful, we have decided to subject him to a judicial process”. (The Nation) Rate this article 0 CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: General   Article "tagged" as: No tags for this article view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles Mammoth Crowd Fills Edo Stadium As Obaseki Is Sworn In As Edo State Governor Leak Video: Popular Church Minister Caught N@ked Having S3x With Another Man In Delta Ex-Beauty Queen, Chidinma Okeke Finally Opens Up On Her S3x Tape Scandal Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Nigeria News 6 Guaranteed Politicians Tinubu Would Rely On As APC Crisis Thickens Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 Funny! Driver Fakes Own Death To Evade Fine In Calabar (Photo) Little Girl, Kehinde Adebiyi Suffering From Cancer Needs Your Help Port Harcourt As Residents Dig Up Frozen Chicken Buried By Custom Officials Wickedness! New-Born Baby Found In A Bush In Ilorin (Graphic Photos) Police Shoots Bus Driver Dead At FESTAC/Mile 2 Road, Lagos (Video) I Have Forgiven My Critics - Ooni Of Ife-Elect, Adeyeye Ogunwusi Student Shot Dead By Alleged Cultists At Imo State University Yesterday Woman Gives Birth To A 'Mystery Baby' In Lagos (Photos) Touching! One Legged Man Washing A Car While Balancing On A Stick (Video) OMG! See The Long Snake Found In A Nigerian Student's Locker (Photos) Military Pilot Who Died In Yola Plane Crash Buried (Photos) Trending Stories Lady Mandy: Popular Gay Nigerian Surfaces As Transgender 0 Four Nigerian Men Convicted Of Engaging In Homos3xual Activities Whipped Publicly 0 Polls show Nigerians support anti same-sex Bill 0 British PM David Cameron to persuade Jonathan to give equal rights to gays and lesbians 0 Britain may suspend aid to Nigeria over Gay bill 0 show all articles Top Stories Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 0 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office 0 Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar 0 Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers 0 Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment 0 I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister 0 NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues 0 Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide 0 Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK 0 President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode 0 Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari 0 Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah 0 Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You 0 Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta 0 show all articles More from General Unbelievable! Randy couple caught having sex on the road in broad daylight (video) Drama! Meet LASU lecturer’s wife who got pregnant for a bricklayer (photo) Photos: China’s first female pilot of J-10 fighter jets dies during a training exercise EXPOSED! See How Visafone Tricked Its 2,000 Workers Into Mass Resignation Before MTN Takeover Hillary Clinton finally reveals why she lost to Donald Trump show all articles Popular Articles PHOTOS: Abdulmumin Jibrin Receives Anti-corruption Award In London Donald Trump snubs President Buhari, calls other world leaders (SEE list) Live Commentary: Nigeria vs Algeria See the Nigerian Churches you need to run away from and why (photos) Hillary Clinton 'inconsolable' after losing US election to Donald Trump Recommended See Davido's New Look On The Red Carpet With Sister In Los Angeles What Has Nigeria Done For You And What Have You Done For Nigeria? D'banj Wins Entertainment Icon Of The Year Award In London LifeStyle Articles Economic S3x: 1 Important Thing To Remember Apply Perfume On This Body Part if You Want It To Last All Day All Men Must Know This: The Best Way To Touch A Woman?s Breasts 3 Insanely Easy Ways To FLIRT With A Girl That Will Make Her Fall Ffor You 7 Times When S3x Is The Answer To Your Problem 4 SimpleThings Your Nigerian Husband Will Never Do For You Bauchi Parents Withdraw Daughters From School To Generate Marriage Capital When Two Good-Looking Police Officers Get Married,See What Happen (photo news) Do You Have Low Penis Esteem? Learn The Cure For It Now Help: My Woman Does This Strange Thing During S3x Most Read Articles London-bound Thomas Cook plane makes emergency landing after flying into 50 STORKS WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENTThe Thomas Cook Airbus A321 was carrying 170 passengers from GambiaIt landed safely despite both engines and the landing gear being damaged By Annabel Fenwick Unbelievable! Randy couple caught having sex on the road in broad daylight (video) A man and his woman have been caught on camera having sex while driving along the road not caring about the consequences.  Couple filmed having sex Women Throw Away Their Niqabs After Being Liberated From ISIS In Iraq. Photos Iraqi women have celebrated being liberated from the rule of ISIS regime by throwing off their hated niqabs in parts of the city of Mosul. 'We will remember them': Military veterans honour their fallen comrades at the Cenotaph as the Queen prepares to lay a wreath for Remembrance Sunday Elizabeth II joined by Prime Minister Theresa May for the Remembrance Sunday service in central LondonAs Big Ben strikes 11am, the King's Troop Royal Horse Buckinghamshire police launch investigation after woman's body is found burning in woodland A woman's body was found burning in woodland in Buckinghamshire Firefighters were called to deal with a blaze and ended up finding a bodyPolice have now show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Godwin Obaseki Sworn In As Edo Governor (Photos) Godwin Obaseki has been sworn in as Edo state governor in a colour ceremony attended by people from all walks of life See photos:         View gallery 9 Photos Leak Photos: Lagos Pornstar Releases Eye Popping Photos And Video With His N@ked Girls Popular Nigerian porn film actor producer identified only as King T.blak who is the founder and CEO of H.O.C Lifestyle, has taken to his social View gallery 9 Photos World News Mujuru war claims trashed 0 4 jailed over exam fraud 0 Man, wife fight over BMW X5 vehicle 0 show all articles Popular Articles Live Commentary: Nigeria vs Algeria 0 See the Nigerian Churches you need to run away from and why (photos) 0 London-bound Thomas Cook plane makes emergency landing after flying into 50 STORKS 0 show all articles Latest News Photos Of Accident Involving Commercial Bus And Jeep Along Ikorodu Road In Lagos. 0 Donald Trump, President Buhari, To Attend Sir Emeka Offor’s Father Burial In Anambra State 0 Panic As Unknown Gunmen Abduct 61-Year-Widow In Lagos.... Photo 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
Menu About Contact More Menu 1 Menu 2 Menu 3 Menu 4 Menu twitter facebook google rss linkedin dribbble pinterest Menu Home About Nigeria Decides Sports Entertainment Music Lifestyle Fashion Metro World Update Opinion Videos Latest Nigeria News Latest News in Nigeria World Update Nigerians in Diaspora Search Home » Latest News in Nigeria » Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe 10:37 AM 6 Latest News in Nigeria A+ A- Print Email A Nigerian judge rolled on the floor, begged the Department of State Service (DSS) boss Mr. Lawan Daura when confronted with evidence that he got more than N500million bribe. The judge refused to unlock the safe in his house for DSS operatives to have access to its contents, a source told The Nation newspaper. The DSS, which plans to take possession of the safe to uncover its contents, is said to have been questioning bank directors over links with some of the judges. The source said: “Corruption in the Judiciary was based on our intelligence gathering and alerts from informants and petitions. It is not based on the perception of Nigerians. We have been on the trail of some of these judges in the last few months. “For instance, we started probing one of the seven judges in detention (now released) since the Ramadan period of 2015. When we got sufficient intelligence on him, bordering on over N500million bribe, we invited him. “The judge was given a copy of our report on him. By the time he read it halfway, he prostrated, held the legs of the security chief and begged for forgiveness. We captured the way he was reeling on the floor. “We later sent a security brief on him to the National Judicial Council (NJC) with enough evidence. But he was cleared by the NJC as having committed no wrong. Since the NJC could not do the needful, we have decided to subject him to a judicial process”. (The Nation) Share to: Next Newer Post Previous Older Post Post a Comment Default Disqus nigerianeye 218168578325095 AnonymousOctober 11, 2016 at 10:52 AM Media trial all the time. Release the evidence and not the rumour.ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 11, 2016 at 12:30 PM "When we got sufficient intelligence on him" How come you never get sufficient intelligence on Boko Haram sponsors? you leave your core functions and chasing shadows ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 11, 2016 at 2:01 PM U mean they should release the evidence to u on the pages of paper?ppl like u no nothing n are not ready to learn how thing work,anyway majority of our youths are comfortable with perversive lifeReplyDelete Olawale RahimOctober 11, 2016 at 7:59 PM Jutheifairy or judiciary! God will surely deliver us in this nigeria!ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 12, 2016 at 7:05 AM I salute the astuteness of the DSS for this action of theirs and hope it will continue like this in all sector of corruptive life. Kudos and more greater stride to the rejuvenated SSS.ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 12, 2016 at 11:36 AM Mumu dss mumu buhari mumu apc ReplyDelete Add comment Load more... Nigeria News Comments are Moderated. Clean Comments will be swiftly approved. No swear words, no racism, allowed. Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Popular nigeria news Comments Archive   Looking for nigerian newspapers online, Visit NigerianEye, Your Online nigeria newspaper for nigeria news today, check nigeria news online at NigerianEye.com, for summary of nigerian newspapers today nollywood news today, Sports News and More Nigeria News Today. Your online Nigerian Newspaper © 2013. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Blogger Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Drivers How China's biggest search engine aims to fix a huge crisis in health care: A bot Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Tuesday, 11 Oct 2016 | 5:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES VCG | Getty Images Robin Li, founder, chairman and CEO of Baidu, introduces the new AI-powered digital assistant 'Duer' during the 2015 Baidu Technology Innovation Conference on September 8, 2015 in Beijing, China. Baidu — China's biggest search engine — introduced an artificial intelligence-powered chatbot on Tuesday to connect with patients, field medical questions and suggest diagnoses to doctors. The company is calling the bot — a new feature of the Baidu Doctor app it launched last year — Melody the medical assistant. Baidu has developed advanced deep learning and natural language processing technologies to power Melody's artificially intelligent "brain." The bot is designed to be the first port of call for a person feeling sick at home. A patient poses a health query to Melody, which responds in real time with further questions, and compares responses with Baidu's database of medical information. All that data gets crunched, and Melody then poses a possible diagnosis to a doctor who can then recommend next steps. Artificial intelligence is seen as one way to help compensate for the global dearth of qualified medical professionals, a problem experts predict will only get worse. There will be a global shortfall of almost 13 million health-care professionals within two decades, according to the World Health Organization. "I don't know how else to solve this problem other than to use AI," said Andrew Ng, chief scientist at Baidu Research. "I'm seeing just the beginnings of what will be a major trend of AI systems in health care." Baidu has built a 1,000-person team to work on AI, which Ng said is one of the company's top priorities. The app will launch in China — the world's biggest smartphone market — along with doctor and health-care organization partners. The company is in talks with health-care organizations in the U.S. and Europe, said Ng. "This is resonating well with physicians around the world," he said. AI is shaping up to be one of 2016's hottest areas of innovation. Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook and Samsung are all investing heavily in this area — building giant teams of data scientists internally and through acquisitions. Since AI's success hinges on access data, it is these giant tech platforms that will ultimately control the market. For Melody's artificial intelligence, Baidu drew on data from a number of public and private sources, including medical textbooks, medical websites — which have gathered a vast array of back and forth conversations between doctors and patients and search queries — as well as search queries and information supplied by doctors. It then applied deep learning to all that health data in order to make sense of it. "That's at the heart of Melody," said Ng. For example, a person may say something like "my son is feeling under the weather" instead of "my son has the flu." Melody would know to ask follow up questions about symptoms to figure out what type of illness the patient may be suffering. To decipher the complexities of natural language, Baidu's computers have consumed huge volumes of text and applied artificial intelligence. Over time — as Melody has more conversations with patients and doctors and gathers with more data — it will get better at knowing the right questions to ask patients and suggesting possible diagnoses, said Ng. Melody is not ready to make diagnoses directly to patients, said Ng. In fact, this type of technology is a long way from replacing human physicians with robo-doctors, he said. "Right now, given the global shortage of health-care workers, in this next period of time the focus should be on helping," he said. The widespread availability of powerful computers and increasingly large volume of digital health-care data mean now is the time for AI to disrupt the industry, said Ng. China has been way ahead in terms of delivering goods and services via apps and employing chatbots in an array of roles, so Chinese consumers are already quite comfortable with chatting with AI powered bots. Still, in light of high profile health-care data breaches, some consumers are likely to be wary of sharing too much health information with Melody and Baidu, and open up their records to potential bad actors. Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BIDU --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
﻿ > ledauphine.com > Isère-Sud > Grenoble Actualités A la Une Où skier ce week-end Élections américaines Fil info Votre météo Pour sortir Le Dauphiné Libéré des Enfants Départements Ain Alpes de Haute-Provence Hautes-Alpes Ardèche Drôme Sud Isère Nord Isère Savoie Haute-Savoie Vaucluse Communes France / Monde A la Une Environnement Santé Transports Politique Economie Entreprises Société Info light Faits Divers A la Une Alpes de Haute-Provence Hautes-Alpes Ardèche Drôme Sud-Isère Nord-Isère Savoie Haute-Savoie Vaucluse Sports A la Une Football Classement/résultats L1 OM OL ASSE L.1 Amateurs International Rugby FCG CSBJ Top 14 Pro D2 Amateurs XV de France Hockey Briancon Chamonix-Morzine Gap Grenoble Cyclisme Tour de France Critérium du Dauphiné Basket/Hand/Volley Aix Chambery Sports mécaniques F1 Rallye Moto Automobile SkiChrono Départementaux Drôme-Ardèche Hautes-Alpes Haute-Savoie Nord-Isère Savoie Sud-Isère Vaucluse Montagne A la Une Où skier ce week-end Guide des stations Météo et Bulletin d'enneigement Skichrono Votre Compte Connexion Inscription GRENOBLE / MOIRANS Smart & Blue sélectionnée par l’incubateur Green Tech verte Gabriel Della-Monica, président et fondateur de l’entreprise Smart & Blue, présente à Ségolène Royal son pommeau de douche intelligent. Photo DR   Gabriel Della-Monica, président et cofondateur de l'entreprise Smart & Blue tient son pommeau de douche intelligent. Photo C.C.  C.C. / La start-up iséroise, qui a mis au point le pommeau de douche intelligent Hydrao, a été sélectionnée par le ministère de l’Environnement pour intégrer l’incubateur Green Tech verte, en région parisienne. Mais Smart & Blue entend rester grenobloise. Elle fait partie des 37 start-up lauréates de la Green Tech verte qui peuvent rejoindre l’incubateur créé début septembre par la ministre de l’Environnement Ségolène Royal, en région parisienne. Smart & Blue va bénéficier d’une subvention de 150 000 euros pour développer son pommeau de douche intelligent. Hydrao indique, par un jeu de lumière, le nombre de litres d’eau utilisés en temps réel (la couleur rouge signifiant par exemple que l’on a dépassé les 30 litres d’eau). Connecté à une application sur smartphone, il aide l’utilisateur à gérer ses consommations d’eau. « Le label du ministère de l’Environnement et le label French Tech, que nous possédons aussi, nous offrent une visibilité pour approcher des distributeurs, affirme Gabriel Della-Monica, président et fondateur de Smart & Blue. Nous avons discuté avec Ségolène Royal de la possibilité d’aborder les marchés publics, en équipant les HLM et les collectivités. » Grâce à l’incubateur, la start-up va aussi pouvoir obtenir des conseils d’experts, des formations… Mais pas question de quitter les Alpes. « Les composants que nous utilisons viennent de STMicroelectronics Grenoble dont je suis un ancien salarié. L’incubateur nous offre un bureau à Paris et nous aurons accès à toutes les statistiques du ministère de l’Environnement autour de l’eau, des habitudes des consommations des habitants, etc. Cela nous permettra de créer d’autres produits, comme un robinet intelligent. » UNE FILIALE AUX ÉTATS-UNIS ET UNE LEVÉE DE FONDS Depuis mai, la start-up a vendu entre 2 000 et 3 000 pièces sur son site internet. Elles sont aussi vendues dans des magasins Leroy Merlin, et bientôt dans les rayons de certaines enseignes Carrefour. Mi-octobre, Smart & Blue va sortir une nouvelle version d’Hydrao, plus design. Elle envisage début 2017 une levée de fonds de 1,5 à deux millions d’euros. « Nous avons besoin de développer une force commerciale et d’aller à l’international. Nous allons ouvrir une filiale à Boston. Le marché est immense. » Son objectif est d’atteindre au minimum le million d’euros de chiffre d’affaires l’année prochaine. SMART & BLUE EN BREF ACTIVITÉ : conception d’un pommeau de douche intelligent CRÉATION : 2015 IMPLANTATIONS : Moirans (siège social), Grenoble (hébergement chez STMicroelectronics) CHIFFRE D’AFFAIRES : non significatif EFFECTIFS : 7 salariés RÉSULTAT NET : NC RÉPARTITION DU CAPITAL : détenu en majorité par le fondateur et des investisseurs Par Caroline CHALOIN | Publié le 11/10/2016 à 06:10 Vos commentaires Vous souhaitez poster un commentaire, cliquez ici. Connectez-vous pour laisser un commentaire Se connecter Pour accéder à votre espace personnel, vous devez fournir un identifiant et un mot de passe. Email Mot de passe Rester connecté Mot de passe oublié pas encore inscrit Tags Isère-Sud Grenoble Moirans Economie et Finance Entreprises Isère Copyright 2014 © Le Dauphiné Libéré
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Huawei partners with UC Berkeley to develop AI By Anthony Spadafora Published 1 month ago No Comments Tweet Huawei had decided to enter into a partnership with the University of California, Berkeley, in order to develop and apply artificial intelligence (AI) to our daily lives. Noah's Ark Laboratory, the company's research unit that specializes in the development of machine learning, AI and data mining, is responsible for setting up the partnership between it and the university. Huawei's AI researchers will be collaborating with those from UC Berkeley's new Artificial Intelligence Research lab. Together they will be working on a range of subjects related to AI such as natural language processing, reinforcement learning and computer vision. The partnership is focused around bringing advancements made in AI out of the laboratory and into the hands of people. If their work is successful, it could later be implemented into the electronic devices produced by Huawei, such as its smartphones and tablets. Huawei and UC Berkeley are not focused on creating the most intelligent AI, but rather one that is functional and can contribute to society by improving the daily life of its users. Huawei elaborated further on the aim of its partnership with UC Berkeley, saying: "The two parties believe that this strategic partnership will fuel the advancement of AI technology and create completely new experiences for people, thus contributing greatly to society at large". Eventually the developments made at the Berkeley lab will find their way into Huawei's software. The company could either follow Microsoft's path by creating a virtual assistant similar to Cortana or it could use its advanced AI to create a predictive service more akin to Google's AI assistant. Either way the partnership between Huawei and UC Berkeley will benefit the company and the university and may possibly lead to breakthroughs in AI technology that are applicable to our everyday lives. Published under license from ITProPortal.com, a Future plc Publication. All rights reserved. Photo Credit: J. Lekavicius / Shutterstock.com No Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Hillary Clinton blames FBI email investigation for her election loss to Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg denies Facebook influenced the US election, and vows to tackle fake news New emoji revealed: breastfeeding, vomiting, and naked sauna users Furious Kaspersky is 'disappointed and dismayed' with Microsoft Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg is dead... maybe you are too Employees want flexibile hours more than a company car Tech Deals: Get a Dell Inspiron 17 5000 17.3" laptop for just $609, plus fantastic bargains on Xbox One, PS4, and more Most Commented Stories Furious Kaspersky is 'disappointed and dismayed' with Microsoft 281 Comments President Trump: The hangover 270 Comments Hillary Clinton will definitely be president, according to Microsoft 198 Comments How to block Windows 10 popups for Microsoft Edge and Bing Rewards 156 Comments Google is altering Donald Trump vs Hillary Clinton 2016 Presidential Election results 127 Comments © 1998-2016 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null

Jobs Motors Property Business Directory Family Notices Travel Dating BuySell Public Notices Book an Ad Contact Us How we use Cookies Your Account Edit Profile Logout Accrington Observer 5 day forecast » Home News Latest News Local News Crime Politics Motors Trending Today George Osborne MP Miles Parkinson Amir Khan Jonathan Ross Peter Britcliffe Popular this week Clayton-le-Moors Top News General Election 2015: What matters most to Accrington voters? Tell us here Take our special General Election survey to help us understand what the voters of Accrington want to hear from politicians Lead thieves target primary school for a THIRD time Family's relief after clinical waste collection u-turn Contact Us   Contact details for our reporters Accrington Nostalgia   Take a trip down memory lane Sport Latest Sport Football Accrington Stanley Cricket Other Sport Trending Today Mark Hughes Popular this week Ron Hill Accrington Stanley FC David Lloyd Top Sport Coleman not surprised as Stanley turn the FA Cup tables Jordan Clark earned the Reds a second round tie at Woking with the winner at League One Bradford Bell issues warning after shock defeat to basement boys Sent-off Stanley boss baffled over ref's decision Jobs   Search for jobs in Accrington What's On Latest What's On Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Trending Today Benedict Cumberbatch Popular this week Jeanette Winterson Great Harwood Finley's Friends Shop Local Top What's On Your pictures of Children in Need Take a look at how people across the area have been raising funds for disadvantaged children Learn how to make a classic creme brule The Voice final live: Latest news, updates and commentary, as it all happens on BBC 1 What's On   Great things to do around the region. In Your Area Accrington Altham Barnfield Baxenden Clayton-le-Moors Church Great Harwood Knuzden Milnshaw Oswaldtwistle Peel Rishton Rising Bridge Springhill Stanhill Buy, Sell & Tell Jobs Jobs Search for jobs in Accrington Motors Motors Find new & used cars for sale Property Property Buying, Selling or Renting? Business Directory Business Directory Search our local business directory Family Notices Family Notices View latest announcements online Travel Travel Find and book your next holiday with us Dating Dating Looking for a date in Accrington? BuySell BuySell Find 1000s of local products and services Book an Ad Book an Ad Create Private and Trade ads Search: Hot Topic: Hyndburn Council - Accrington - Great Harwood - Crime Follow Us: Facebook Like us on Facebook Accrington Observer The best of Accrington Observer in your Facebook feed Twitter Follow us on Twitter @AccringtonNews Breaking news and discussions from the Accrington Observer Newsletters Subscribe News A weekly local bulletin of Accrington news Home News Local News Pervert who raped girls is jailed for 18 years 11:52, 12 Oct 2016 Updated 11:52, 12 Oct 2016 By Charlotte Green John Grimshaw, 59, from Great Harwood was found guilty after a trial   Share Get weekly news by email A pervert who raped and sexually assaulted a girl has been jailed for 18 years. John Grimshaw, 59, from All Springs Drive, Great Harwood was found guilty after a trial at Preston Crown Court of an historic rape and indecent assault. In an emotional statement read out in court, the victim told how his actions have ruined her life. She said: “There was no part of my life that remains unaffected. “I still have nightmares. He ultimately stole my innocence.” The victim said she was ‘grateful’ to be finally able to speak out to bring Grimshaw to justice. She said: “I shall never forget what has happened but by speaking out I may encourage others to do the same. “I am so grateful that I have been given the chance to speak out and that someone finally heard my voice.” Judge James Adkin told the court that the evidence demonstrated Grimshaw’s actions had caused “severe psychological harm” to the victim. He sentenced Grimshaw to a total of 18 years in prison with an extended 12 months on licence and gave him a lifetime sexual harm prevention order. Petitioning for a sentence of less than 18-years, Wayne Jackson, defending, told the court 59-year-old Grimshaw had had a “long working life in industry” and had a lower than average IQ. Mr Jackson said: “At his age that sort of sentence will be devastating.” However Judge Adkin rejected the mitigation of low intelligence to hand Grimshaw the maximum prison sentence. He said: “Your intelligence is low and you have may not have been able to perceive when you did these dreadful things the extent to which you would damage the life of this child. “But the offending itself is not linked to your low intelligence.” AccringtonObserver Recently Published Hyndburn defendants up before the courts Our latest column from Blackburn and Burnley magistrates Councillor quits Accrington-based Masons - and threatened to involve police Man caught with sick video of restrained young girl being raped avoids jail Previous Articles Hyndburn defendants up before the courts Our regular column from Blackburn and Burnley magistrates Hyndburn defendants up before the courts Accrington defendants up before the courts Related Tags In The News Crime Places Great Harwood Most Read in News Lancashire Constabulary Three boys taken to hospital after car collides with wall in Oswaldtwistle Accrington A Rotary dinner, a DJ night and a birthday party feature in our Time-trip column Hollins Technology College Have-a-go hero dad Tony Moss tackles suspected shoplifter Accrington Parents bid to take brave Jessica on dream trip to Disneyland Rising Bridge Rising Bridge roundabout works to drag on into December Most Read Lancashire Constabulary Three boys taken to hospital after car collides with wall in Oswaldtwistle Facebook Dad shares heartbreaking photo of Jessica Whelan's cancer battle - and gets call from One Direction star Harry Styles Hollins Technology College Have-a-go hero dad Tony Moss tackles suspected shoplifter Accrington A Rotary dinner, a DJ night and a birthday party feature in our Time-trip column Huncoat Bird's eye angle shows scale of huge fly-tipping incident in Huncoat Most Recent Lancashire Constabulary Three boys taken to hospital after car collides with wall in Oswaldtwistle Accrington Stanley FC Coleman not surprised as Stanley turn the FA Cup tables Accrington Woman accused of biting off half of barmaid's ear after being barred from pub Lancashire Fire and Rescue Service Firefighters called out after cigarette 'burns hole in carpet' Hyndburn Council Taxi drivers to meet council bosses following Monday's strike Accrington Observer Follow Us Contact Us Advertise The Editor Journalists Join us on social media. For the latest local news straight to your Twitter, Facebook feed or e-mail inbox. Facebook Accrington Observer Twitter @AccringtonNews Newsletter Weekly Email Alerts Contact us Got a story in your area? Is there something happening in your area you would like us to report on? You can contact the newsdesk via the following details. Email accringtonobserver@menmedia.co.uk Phone 0161 211 2977 Fax 0161 211 2910 Or, if you have a sport story - Email sportnews@menmedia.co.uk Phone 0161 211 2618 You can visit us at our office in Accrington Market Hall, Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm. Postal Address Accrington Observer, Mitchell Henry House, Hollinwood Avenue, Chadderton, Oldham OL9 8EF Circulation Enquiries Accrington Observer Direct to Home enquiries: Telephone Freephone 0808 144 8808 Newsagents should contact Smiths News on 0845 122 5010 You can order subscriptions or back copies of all our titles online at http://shop.menmedia.co.uk or call FREEPHONE 0808 144 8808 Free Newspaper Distribution Enquiries General Delivery Enquiries or to register as a newspaper deliverer Email distributors@trinitymirror.com or telephone 0845 304 0638 Advertising Department M.E.N. Media is one of the north west's largest media providers and reaches 7 out of 10 people in Greater Manchester every week. Online our editorial websites welcome 2.4million unique users who experience 12.4million page views every month. Our 20 local weekly newspapers include the Stockport Express, Rochdale Observer, Salford Advertiser, Oldham Advertisers and Wilmslow Express. Plus, we have the flagship Manchester Evening News - Britain's largest circulating regional daily with up to 130,485 copies and the free morning newspaper, The Metro, published every weekday which delivers more than 200,000 readers in Greater Manchester. Greater Manchester Business Week is the region's number one provider of business news and features, targeting a bespoke business audience with 12,687 copies every Thursday. Every month, M.E.N. Media's print products reach 2.2 million adults, spanning from Accrington in the north to Macclesfield in the south. To benefit from this unique, unrivalled audience, call M.E.N Media on 0161-832-7200, or fill in our contact form here: click here. The Editor Gareth Tidman Editor, Accrington Observer Contact gareth.tidman@menmedia.co.uk 0161 211 2977 Gareth Tidman has been the editor of the Accrington Observer since 2011. He has 15 years experience as a journalist in a career that has spanned Lancashire, Cheshire and Yorkshire, and he has been nominated for a number of press awards as an editor. Journalists Stuart Pike Deputy editor specialising in politics Alex Bell Crime Bethany English District reporter Beth Abbit Court reporter Jon Macpherson Reporter Kate Watkins Reporter specialising in communities Garth Dawson Photographer and columnist News Local News Politics Crime Education Motors What's On Arts & Culture Comedy Family & Kids Film & TV Food & Drink Music & Nightlife Sport Football Accrington Stanley Cricket Accrington Cricket Club Church & Oswaldtwistle Cricket Club & Social Club Enfield Cricket Club Oswaldtwistle Immanuel cricket club Rishton Cricket Club Other Sport In Your Area Accrington Altham Barnfield Baxenden Clayton-le-Moors Church Great Harwood Milnshaw Oswaldtwistle Peel Rishton Springhill View All Locations Useful Links Contact Us Send Your Story About Us Subscriptions Goal Time Advertise with us How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Corporate Syndication Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Archive Buy, Sell & Tell Jobs Motors Find a garage Property Business Directory Family Notices Travel Dating BuySell Book an Ad Public Notices View: Desktop Mobile © M.E.N Media
Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 11-Oct-2016 DHA supplementation improves cognition in older adults with mild cognitive impairment Chinese study shows improved IQ with omega-3 supplementation GOED Share  Print  E-Mail Results from a recent study published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease support the cognitive benefits of DHA, which have been consistently demonstrated with doses of 900 mg/day or greater. The study, which took place in Tianjin, China, was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 240 (219 completed) Chinese individuals aged 65 and older with mild cognitive impairment. The participants received either 2g/day of DHA or a corn oil placebo for 12 months and specific measures of cognitive function were measured at baseline, six months and 12 months. The study results showed that there was a significant difference in the Full-Scale Intelligence Quotient (IQ) in the DHA group versus placebo, with IQ in the DHA group measuring 10% higher than the placebo group. Additionally, there were statistically significant increases in two IQ sub-tests (Information and Digit Span). The Information and Digit Span Subdomains are considered indicators of long-term and short-term memory, respectively. The findings suggest that DHA supplementation of 2g/day for 12 months in MCI subjects can significantly improve cognitive function. While additional larger longer-term studies are needed to confirm the results, this paper adds to the body of science supporting DHA omega-3s and their role in supporting cognitive function. ### Abstract: http://content.iospress.com/articles/journal-of-alzheimers-disease/jad160439 Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Ellen Schutt ellen@goedomega3.com 973-983-8130 http://www.goedomega3.com  More on this News Release DHA supplementation improves cognition in older adults with mild cognitive impairment GOED Journal Journal of Alzheimer's Disease Funder 2012 Chinese Nutrition Society Nutrition Research Foundation-DSM Research Fund Keywords AGING ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE CLINICAL TRIALS GERONTOLOGY MEDICINE/HEALTH MEMORY/COGNITIVE PROCESSES NUTRITION/NUTRIENTS Related Journal Article http://dx.doi.org/10.3233/JAD-160439 More in Medicine & Health Brain training can help in fight against dementia: Meta-analysis University of Sydney Retail clinics do not decrease emergency department visits American College of Emergency Physicians New study finds cardiovascular rehabilitation helps reduce risk of death in depressed heart patients Intermountain Medical Center Two differing medications used during heart procedure are both safe and effective, study finds Intermountain Medical Center View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News New findings about the honey bee infecting deformed wing virus University of Veterinary Medicine -- Vienna New discovery paves way for pancreatic cancer treatment University of Notre Dame Behavioral intervention reduces anxiety, depression among adults impaired by psychological distress The JAMA Network Journals Plants modulate accumulation of metabolites at organ level Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Bills Sabres Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Submit Obituary Last 24 hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History Weekly Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Data Health and Fitness Lifestyles Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Kenan Center offers a "honey" of a gift show Cuomo in 2020? Smiles at Dino Daze at Buffalo Museum of Science Unveiling of Falls art installation also marks America Recycles Day Falls seminar on Thursday focuses on children with special needs Lockport benefit will feature tribute bands on Nov. 23 Evans police chief who defied DA in fatal hit-and-run prepares to retire Community briefings on tap for East Delavan, Crane library upgrades Reporters’ Notebook By Staff Published Mon, Oct 10, 2016 SHARE TWEET EMAIL OLAF FUB SEZ: Anti-bullying advice from Eleanor Roosevelt, born on this date in 1884: “No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” ... SHAKEN AND STIRRED – Buffalo’s first cocktail festival, Nickel City Drink, opens Wednesday and continues through the weekend at locations all over town with classes, parties, pairing dinners, competitions and other events, more than 50 in all. It begins from 6 to 11 p.m. Wednesday with a kick-off party called “Sacred Bond” in the Town Ballroom, 681 Main St. It will offer snacks from Lloyd Taco Factory, music from Nelson Rivera and Jazz Conception project and cocktails from Buffalo Proper, Lloyd Taco Factory, Marble + Rye, Més Que, Toutant, and Vera-Buffalo. Tickets are $5. Those who attend must be at least 21. Profits benefit Crisis Services of Erie County. For more info, visit the Nickel City Drink Facebook page. ... GREEN DAY – The First Congregational Church of Java Village, Holland Road and Route 98, Java Village, will host its annual Salad Luncheon from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Thursday. In addition to a large variety of salads, there will be a bake sale, attic items and raffles. Tickets are $9. ... WELL TUNED – Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra music director JoAnn Falletta takes up her guitar to play with the Buffalo Chamber Players as they open their 10th anniversary season at 7:30 p.m. Thursday in the auditorium of the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, where they became ensemble-in-residence last season. BPO concertmaster Dennis Kim will be making his debut with the ensemble. The program will include a new string trio by Western New York composer Rob Deemer, along with works by Mozart, Paganini and Jean Francaix. Tickets are $20, $15 for gallery members, $5 for students. For tickets and info, call 270-8292 or visit albrightknox.org. ... BRAIN POWER – You have a choice of times and places Saturday to test your smarts by taking the admission exam for Mensa, the nonpolitical organization for highly intelligent people. It’s National Mensa Testing Day, when the test will be given at three locations in the area. They are the Western New York Library Resources Council, Suite 170 at 4950 Genesee St., Cheektowaga, where doors open at 10 a.m., and the Community Room at Southgate Plaza, 950 Union Road, West Seneca, where doors open at 2 p.m. (use the entrance labeled 950-A on the Dollar Tree side of the building). The fee is $20. Walk-ins are welcome, but advance notice is appreciated. Call Jaclyn McKewan at 472-1422 or email testing@wny.us.mensa.org. ... BIG NIGHT – The Elmwood Village Charter School, in the former School 36 at 40 Days Park, will hold its 10th annual Evening at Days Park fundraiser in the school from 7 to 11 p.m. Saturday. Tickets are $25, $45 per couple, and include live music, an art show, food and a beer tasting. There also will be a cash bar, auctions and raffles. For tickets, visit the Evening at Days Park Facebook page. The school, which currently serves more than 400 students from kindergarten to eighth grade, plans to open a sister school next September in the former Cardinal Dougherty High School at 655 Hertel Ave. ... MEETING DATE – The National Active and Retired Federal Employees (NARFE) will hold its monthly meeting at 1:30 p.m. next Monday in the Harlem Community Center, 4255 Harlem Road, Amherst. Guest speaker will be Mark Janik from Dengler, Roberts and Perna Funeral Homes, who will talk about the importance of pre-planning for end-of-life issues. ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY – Azure Mucitelli, Doug Weyand, Kevin Hosey, Alex Emblidge, Leo Romanchuk, Mandy Czamara, Larry Cornwall, Linc Blaisdell, Michael Gwizdowski, Kate Schroeder, Mary Brown, Al Gaglia, Mary Ellen Prell, Tobias Panek, Nicole Roma, James Ryan Kelley, Mary Baker, Rev. Antonio Rodrigues, Michelle Atallah and Mary Anne Wach. email: olaffub@buffnews.com Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Weekly Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material Thanks for reading the NEW BuffaloNews.com! To continue enjoying your free preview, please enter your email address below or click here to login. Submit
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home » Technology » Security How cyber attackers will shift gear once connected cars hit the road Feature 11 October 2016 The security of vehicles and transportation systems must be improved before connected cars become part of our daily routines COMMENT ‘The government and automotive industry must not risk neglecting the security essentials in their push for innovation’ Ben Rossi   Recent estimates suggest 150 million connected cars will be on our roads by 2020, prompting interest across sectors far beyond the automotive industry. Many people are taking notice of this new wave of innovation – and the impact it could have at both a consumer and corporate level. Even Her Royal Highness has addressed the matter, introducing changes which enable driverless cars to be insured under ordinary policies in the Queen’s speech earlier this year. The UK government has also demonstrated the country’s commitment to furthering the development of the driverless car economy. This summer, a major consultation was launched to support automated vehicle technologies and smooth the path towards automated cars being used successfully on British roads. >See also: The government and automotive industry must not risk neglecting the security essentials in their push for innovation The government and automotive industry must not risk neglecting the security essentials in their push for innovation. Doing so could risk not only the success of these new technologies, but also user safety. Intel Security has reported that connected cars are the third fastest-growing technological device after tablets and phones. While the regulatory changes and consultations implemented thus far demonstrate a level of forward thinking that could deliver a huge boost to the UK economy, security must also be considered. As new technology is adopted, cybercriminals constantly attempt to identify new methods to exploit any potential vulnerabilities for financial gain. With the world’s connectivity continuing to grow, the threat landscape continues to expand. Through live demos, Intel Security has proven that it is possible for ransomware attackers to reach their victims through vulnerabilities in auto-entertainment systems in modern vehicles, leaving the driver unable to operate their car unless they pay a ransom. Late last year, Intel began developing the Automotive Security Review Board (ASRB) in conjunction with founding members Aeris and Uber. Forming a collaboration of the top security and automotive industry talent worldwide, the board aims to keep one step ahead of cybercriminals and secure potential vulnerabilities before they can be exploited. While innovation around internet connectivity in vehicles has enabled the addition of exciting new features, including real-time telematics, smart intersections and autonomous driving, it does open up a new avenue to lucrative hacks for cybercriminals. Built-in security solutions must be factored in from the start to ensure that next-generation cars can operate safely at their full potential, even within a potentially malicious operating environment. Security by design The consolidation and interconnection of vehicle systems requires an intentional, proactive security design. As a result, vehicle security needs to begin at the very start – in the design phase. Foundational principles taken from related industries, such as defence and aerospace, can be utilised. These include designing secure systems from hardware to the cloud with identified best practices and technologies for each particular building block and defence-in-depth, a process similar to the layers of protection analysis (LOPA) methodology used for safety and risk reduction. Security by design should also consider areas such as secure boot, trusted execution environments, message authentication, tamper protection, isolation of safety critical systems, network encryption, data privacy, behavioural monitoring, anomaly detection, and shared threat intelligence. Automotive security must not just start with design, but should move through to the production and operation stages. By implementing best practices throughout production processes, design components can be correctly incorporated and linked back to the properties outlined in the secure design. This can offer customers confidence in the security of the platform. Key best practices here include code reviews, continuous validation of security assumptions, component and system-level penetration tests, inbound and outbound materials processes, maintenance and upgrade plans, and a feedback loop for continuous learning and improvement. Secure transport Threat analysis and risk assessment must continue once cars are on the road. Old vulnerabilities can be patched and new ones can appear – the risk of an attack can even increase over time. Both consumers and manufacturers can feel confident if detailed incident response plans are in place in case a newly discovered vulnerability or security breach arises. Using techniques such as over-the-air software or firmware patches and upgrades enables manufacturers to quickly remove vulnerabilities and significantly reduce recall costs. In addition, threat intelligence aids the identification and understanding of potential criminal business models, enabling businesses to prioritise threats and their associated risks while implementing an appropriate incident response. The success of these operational measures requires secure chains of trust to be built into the vehicle, designed to last throughout its lifetime. >See also: The future of driverless cars and data security Automotive security best practices today are a combination of product safety and computer security. . In addition to ensuring cyber attacks are difficult to execute, preventive and mitigation techniques must be in place to detect and correct vulnerabilities quickly before too much damage is done. Ultimately, the Automotive Security Review Board aims to help create an environment in which cars can self-heal – detecting malicious intent, withstanding attacks and performing self-repair where necessary. With increased collaboration between the automotive industry, standards organisations and security experts, this vision can become a reality.   Sourced from Raj Samani, CTO EMEA, Intel Security Related Topics connected cars Security Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular How mobility leaders are driving modern businesses How Industry 4.0 is changing human-technology interaction The secret cyber-life of 10 year olds UK public sector increase in cloud use Future tech trends: these technologies will transform businesses The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan Turning big data into high-class insights Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Today » 10°C Mon 11°C Tues 8°C Wed 10°C Things TO READ Things TO DO SIGN IN Confessions POST A CONFESSION I just feel depressed tonight posted October 9th, 2016 at 1:10 AM I haven't felt like this depressed since I was young. Overworking, no time for friends, and no life progress is getting to me. When I look at people and see how fortunate they are to have looks, money, intelligence, time, popularity, and whatever freedom to achieve their goals, I just don't know how I ended up this way. It's like the deck is stacked against me. I'm usually super optimistic, but sometimes it gets to me. I feel super lonely sometimes. 36 13Rating: +23 3 Show 3 Comments 3 Comments Post a Comment I feel you Oct 10, 2016 at 10:13pm I totally understand - I'm in the same boat. It's okay to feel depressed sometimes, we are in a chaotic world. You're not alone. Just hang on, it will get better, it always does. Something that I think about when I'm feeling lonely: instead of feeling sorry for myself that no one is by my side, I work on being a better person. I work on being more approachable, more well-read, more knowledgeable about a subject, more hobbies and passions... when you prepare yourself to be a better person, better people will be attracted to your energy. I promise. As well, I make time to serve those who are in need. No one is ever lonely when they are in the service of others. Take care. :) 8 2Rating: +6 Anonymous Oct 11, 2016 at 6:25am Most people are miserable. Try not to be fooled by the lying media. Also, most "successful" people are either in debt past their eyeballs, or else nothing more than members of the new "middle class"; that is, westerners who have 100x more than most other impovershed people(99%), yet with a fraction of the REAL money pouring out of the Orient. 2 4Rating: -2 Love you Oct 18, 2016 at 10:36pm I Like @'I feel you' s suggestion very much, brilliant and genuine. Repeatedly saying the following 2 words numerous times while looking into own eyes in front of a mirror whenever feeling down can help to boost mood: Love you 1 1Rating: 0 Join the Discussion Your name Comment * gs email To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty. Home page LATEST CONFESSIONS POSTS Reflection on a Storm The worst thing I've done to myself is to start believing, and get into the habit of believing,... more Striving to be More I'm striving to be more like my pets past and present and exhibit their good qualities - offer the... more Utensils I strive to use them as little as possible and eat with my hands and use various fast food napkins to... more To our country's greatest poet It's been two days since his death was announced, yet I'm still welling up with tears at the... more Exotic birds I no bird watcher but I've seen a few. A hoopoe in Myanmar. An island of hornbills in Malaysia.... more Whiners or Reality? My girlfriend and I are moving back to Vancouver in about six months time after living in Brisbane... more what a mess I'm going through an extreme mental health crisis at the moment. I'd like to ask for help but... more Diamonds are forever I think the whole engagement ring idea is one of the greatest scams on earth. A giant company managed... more Women Leaders As a society, when women -as a group - can build skyscrapers, without attention being brought to it as... more Seeking beauty ... in a sea of ugly. I usually consume news like crazy but after Trump winning the election, I can&... more Because it burns my tongue I think of adding it at the end of conversations. After kissing you in the dark. During our first,... more Worst part about Trump winning Lena Dunham said she is moving to Vancouver. more Whistling at concerts ruins the recordings of it and ruins the experience - scream in someone elses ear who likes this sound! more Quilting I've stopped doing it mostly as it is too easy to dismiss something with an eh that someone... more No thanks to Christy Clark! My kid was just confirmed gifted, lightyears ahead of her peers. Yet, there is no extra support or... more More Confessions Posts I SAW YOU REPUBLIC nightclub (fri nov 11) You were in a plain white tshirt + had an accent. I was wearing a gold top, drinking a corona... MORE I SAW YOUS BLOGRA 25 years ago today: Van Halen plays BC... As usual, Eddie Van Halen saved the day. MORE FROM OUR BLOG MOST POPULAR Steve Darling is second former Global B.C. broadcaster running for B.C. Liberals in 2017 Renters of Vancouver: "I'd only been living there for one day" Niki Sharma: An open letter to white Canadians Vancouver filmmaker Neill Blomkamp returns from the future with frightening video of U.S. President Donald Trump Dessert spot 720 Sweets & Etc. set to open inside T&T Supermarket Your horoscope for November 10 to 16, 2016 58 things to do in Metro Vancouver on Sunday, November 13 U.S. election-integrity advocates question legitimacy of Donald Trump's victory Vancouver protest planned tonight against Donald Trump as similar rallies take place in U.S. cities Actor Christoph Waltz outlines the folly of giving a grace period to Donald Trump SHOW MORE TODAY'S EVENTS Nat Bailey Winter Farmers Market To Apr 22, 2017, 10 am–2 pm at  Nat Bailey Stadium Starring Marcus Mosely  at  St. James Hall Erosion To Nov 18 at  SFU Gallery MORE EVENTS FEATURED BOV WINNERSBest local film festival Vancouver International Film Festival DOXA Documentary Film Festival Vancouver Queer Film Festival SEE FULL LIST OF BEST OF VANCOUVER WINNERS THINGS TO READ THINGS TO DO NEWS MUSIC ARTS LIFE MOVIES FOOD BLOGS CONFESSIONS I SAW YOU CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS ALL EVENTS POST YOUR EVENT MUSIC ARTS FESTIVALS MOVIES CLUBS DINING CONTESTS CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS STORIES EVENTS VENUES Search Sort by Sort by newestSort by relevance Include archived stories Search Type of venue - All Venue Types -Arena/StadiumArts/EntertainmentAttraction/Things to DoBusiness/ServiceCasinoClubMarket/GroceriesMuseum/Art GalleryPub/BarPublic Place/LandmarkRestaurant/CafeShopping/RetailTheatre Search Type of event - All Event Categories -ActivismAttractionsComedyConcertsDanceFestivalsFilmFood & DrinkForums & TalksFundraisers & CharityGalleriesHolidayKids' StuffLiterary/BooksMarketsMuseumsNightlifePerforming ArtsSportsTheatreOther Events that start after... See the Latest Print Edition GEORGIA STRAIGHT History About Us Contact Us Masthead Careers Site Map Covers ADVERTISE Advertise With Us Special Issues Link to Us LEGAL Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions© 2016 Vancouver free press. Best of Vancouver, BOV and Golden Plates are trade-marks of Vancouver Free Press Publishing Corp.
Archive Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Tickets Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User News And Finally Monday 14 November 2016 We must prepare better for the rise of the robots, say MPs Published 12/10/2016 | 00:29 0 Comments Share We must prepare better for the rise of the robots, say MPs Independent.ie Artificial intelligence is set to "fundamentally" change the way people live and work but the government is failing to prepare for the transformation, MPs have warned. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/we-must-prepare-better-for-the-rise-of-the-robots-say-mps-35123919.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/article35123918.ece/f23f2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-a4046c94-13c0-4ce3-983c-fb02e17cbe25_I1.jpg Email Robots will soon be part of everyday life but too little thought has been given to the ethical and social implications, say MPs Artificial intelligence is set to "fundamentally" change the way people live and work but the government is failing to prepare for the transformation, MPs have warned. Share We must prepare better for the rise of the robots, say MPs Independent.ie Artificial intelligence is set to "fundamentally" change the way people live and work but the government is failing to prepare for the transformation, MPs have warned. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/we-must-prepare-better-for-the-rise-of-the-robots-say-mps-35123919.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/article35123918.ece/f23f2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-a4046c94-13c0-4ce3-983c-fb02e17cbe25_I1.jpg Email Go To Comments Technological advances such as driverless cars and supercomputers that can help doctors with medical diagnosis mean science fiction is becoming science fact, according to a report. But although there is "some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in films like Star Wars", the government's role in preparing for the change is "lacking", the Science and Technology Committee says. Tania Mathias, acting chairwoman of the committee, warned: "Science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades. "It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now." MPs found the Government does not have a strategy for developing the new skills workers will need to succeed as the use of AI increases. The social and ethical problems it throws up must also be planned for, the committee warned. It highlighted how Google's photo app, which automatically labelled pictures, was reported to have classified images of black people as gorillas and called for action to be taken to stop discrimination being accidentally being built in to AI systems. The committee also urged the government to set up a commission on artificial intelligence to look at the potential problems the science could create. Dr Mathias said: " Government leadership in the fields of robotics and AI has been lacking. Some major technology companies - including Google and Amazon - have recently come together to form the partnership on AI. "While it is encouraging that the sector is thinking about the risks and benefits of AI, this does not absolve the Government of its responsibilities. It should establish a commission on artificial intelligence to identify principles for governing the development and application of AI, and to foster public debate. " Concerns about machines taking jobs and eliminating the need for human labour have persisted for centuries. Nevertheless, it is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others. "Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to reskill and upskill. "This requires a commitment by the Government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change. "It is disappointing that the Government has still not published its digital strategy and set out its plans for equipping the future workforce with the digital skills we will need." Press Association Follow @Independent_ie Read More Bruce Springsteen is born to thumb a lift after his motorbike breaks down  Coming across Bruce Springsteen on a broken-down motorcycle on the side of the road could probably be a lyric from one of his songs, but it really happened for a group of bikers from New Jersey. Facebook apologises for 'terrible error' over death notices  Facebook has apologised for a "terrible error" which led to users - including founder Mark Zuckerberg - being "killed off" on the site by a technical glitch. Facebook glitch made it appear some users had died  Some Facebook users received an unsettling shock after their profile pages hinted that they had passed away. Recommended Videos from Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Facebook apologises for 'terrible error' over death notices  And Finally 'Mud Dragon' dinosaur fossil found intact on Chinese building site  And Finally Bruce Springsteen is born to thumb a lift after his motorbike breaks down  World News Daredevil grandmother prepares for Eden Project zipwire challenge  And Finally Deadly green mamba snake found on ship in Aberdeen harbour  And Finally WATCH: Senator launches stinging attack at government's reaction to 'monster' and 'fascist'...  Politics Hillary Clinton set to receive more votes than any US presidential candidate in...  US Election 2016 MUST WATCH: Aodhán O'Riordáin's passionate speech regarding the government's...  Irish News Video 'It’s a devastating blow for his wife and young children' - Man (43) dies in...  Farming News Research shows Ireland has lost the 'war on drugs'  Irish News Hillary Clinton: The FBI cost me the US presidency A two fingers to a politically correct elite Silent majority is now speaking out Sexist Trump's sickly land of grope 'n glory Promoted articles Editors Choice Generals of the ASTI will find it hard to march the troops up the hill again Not for the first time were they marched up... Trump has raised unrealistic hopes - he should be nervous Was it just me, or did Donald Trump look... Stag parties: rite-of-passage or humiliating horror show? There are few occasions as redundant Also in World News Donald Trump chooses key White House aides President-elect Donald Trump appointed a controversial media figure to a key job... Tears as Christians return to worship at desecrated Iraq church There were gasps, followed by tears at a small... Tycoon may not live full-time in White House Donald Trump may continue to live in his $100m penthouse in New York rather... Iraqi flag raised again in ancient city but larger battle to drag on Iraqi forces battling Isil captured Nimrud, the site of... Two killed as a powerful quake rocks New Zealand A powerful earthquake struck New Zealand's South Island yesterday, killing at least two... Man plans to swim for four months to cross Atlantic A former British policeman will swim up to 12 hours a day for four months in a bid to... Trump softens vow to build Mexican wall President-elect Donald Trump backed away from his promise to build a wall... Paris falls silent on anniversary of horrific Isil attacks A sombre silence marked France's anniversary... US election will aid the far-right in France, says Le Pen Donald Trump's victory is an "additional stone in the building of a new world", Marine... Kate among British royals to remember UK's war dead The Duchess of Cambridge was among many royals who paid tribute to Britain's war... VIDEO: New Zealand on tsunami alert after earthquakes New Zealand's South Island is on tsunami... VIDEO: Eerie overhead footage shows darkened Christchurch as tsunami siren sounds... AN earthquake with a magnitude of 7.4... VIDEO - Paris terror attacks: Francois Hollande leads anniversary... French president Francois Hollande has joined... VIDEO - Donald Trump: Is the President-elect already breaking campaign... Donald Trump's election campaign contained... VIDEO: Nigel Farage the first UK politician to meet Trump since election Nigel Farage said Donald Trump's support for... WATCH: South Korea's Coast Guard fire machine guns at Chinese fishing boats South Korea's Coast Guard fires machine... VIDEO: Man tells armed robbers to 'shoot my wife' Tommy and Abby Jones have been nominated by Hampshire Police for the Chief... VIDEO: Barack Obama and Donald Trump meet at White House US President-elect Donald Trump has said it... WATCH: Chinese man grows ear on arm Doctors in China have grown an artifical ear on the arm of a man who lost his... VIDEO: Hillary Clinton urges supporters to give Donald Trump a chance to lead Addressing supporters in New York, Hillary... In Pictures: Anti-Trump protests take place across the US In Pictures: The latest from Mosul as battle for city rages on In Pictures: President-elect Donald Trump and wife Melania are shown around the White House In Pictures: Donald Trump victory sparks protests across several states In Pictures: 'Never stop believing' - Hillary Clinton's concession speech US election night: All the best pictures from an historic count as Donald Trump becomes next US president More than 50 arrested after thousands of protesters attended Million Mask March In Pictures: Aftermath of earthquake in central and southern Italy In Pictures: Vice-presidential candidate Pence's plane in runway skid Michelle Obama joins Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go
null
null
