Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine More Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About SCIENCE Untitled-1 Follow Newsletter Sign Up Untitled-1 00/00 Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Technology Science Culture Video Reviews Magazine Business Security Space Podcasts Events Innovation Awards Subscribe About Follow wired Newsletter Sign Up Top stories Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports Wearable tech could knock out concussions from contact sports The WIRED World in 2017 1 minute ago Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 Pics or it didn't happen: welcome to the post-reality world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Gear 1 day ago Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones Samsung unveils its new water-resistant Galaxy phones CES 2017 1 day ago 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs 2017's next big fitness craze? Performance-enhancing drugs The WIRED World in 2017 1 day ago The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 The best games, comics, films, and TV coming in 2017 Culture 1 day ago This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be This is the man who decides what your next Netflix obsession will be Tastemakers 3 days ago Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Can you guess our emoji predictions for 2017? Emoji 26 Dec 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 The best games, comics, film, and TV of 2016 Film 2 days ago Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi: the best projects to get started with the Pi 3 Raspberry Pi 12 Sep 2016 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The architectural highlights to look forward to in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 6 items 1 day ago From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 From head transplants to space tourism: the innovations set to change the world in 2017 The WIRED World in 2017 11 items 1 day ago Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success Jeff Bezos, Donald Trump and Brexit are all a mess – but that's the key to their success The WIRED World in 2017 5 days ago The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 The most-read WIRED stories of 2016 Magazine 2 days ago 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus 2016's most important news, remembered in haikus The best of 2016 2 days ago The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' The threat of AI taking our jobs has been exaggerated. The future is in the 'human services cloud' Work 5 days ago How to get early access to Android software before it's released How to get early access to Android software before it's released Google 25 Dec 2016 How to hack your memory and remember almost anything How to hack your memory and remember almost anything WIRED Next Generation 2016 05 Nov 2016 Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank Why 2017 will be the year you'll finally ditch your bank The WIRED World in 2017 4 days ago Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Cocaine, tug boats and tip offs: the inside story of the largest drug bust in UK history Crime 21 Dec 2016 The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home The best Amazon Echo skills to control your entire home Amazon Echo 23 Dec 2016 Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Welcome to CodeYourFuture, the UK's only refugee coding school Refugees 26 Dec 2016 Big Picture: Moore's Law in action Big Picture: Moore's Law in action WIRED Big Picture 25 Dec 2016 Science What is Moore's Law? WIRED explains the theory that defined the tech industry The theory dates back to 1965 yet has been proved correct for five decades By Lee Bell 28 Aug 2016 By Lee Bell Sunday 28 August 2016 Intel The amount of computing power we can now squeeze into the smallest of devices is somewhat remarkable compared with what was achievable, say, a decade ago. ADVERTISEMENT Looking back even five or so years and a consumer desktop system that was the best in its class would be deemed outdated if put into a smartphone of today’s standards. This is made possible simply because chip makers are able to increase the number of transistors on a chip significantly every year as developments in chip research advance. Read more Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp Want to get fit? Try a DNA-themed personalised fitness camp By Jeremy White Back in 1965, co-founder of chip giant Intel, Gordon Moore, made an observation based on this condensing of chip size after noticing that, since their invention, transistors were doubling in size every year. So he decided to base a theory on it. That theory is what we now know as Moore's Law. What is Moore's Law? Gordon Moore Intel Moore predicted this shrinking chip trend would continue into the foreseeable future and, in a scientific paper, said that the number of transistors per square inch would double approximately every 12 months. ADVERTISEMENT Read more WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 30 WIRED Awake: 10 must-read articles for December 30 By WIRED The paper was well before its time, and predicted how "integrated circuits will lead to such wonders as home computers". Take a look at the illustration featured in the paper below imagining the future. Although Moore revised the forecast in 1975, doubling the time to two years, his prediction has proved accurate and has since been used as the current definition of Moore's law. ADVERTISEMENT Read more Eco Wave Power turns wave power into electricity Eco Wave Power turns wave power into electricity By Emma Bryce It's been more than 50 years since Moore published his paper detailing the simple theory, and since that time it has revolutionised computing, making all the technology we see as fundamental to life today possible. So far, Moore's Law has been proven correct, time and again, and as a result it has long been said to be responsible for most of the advances in the digital age – from PCs to supercomputers – due to it being used in the semiconductor industry to guide long-term planning and set targets for research and development. "Moore's Law is one of economics – not physics," Intel's Markus Weingartner told WIRED. "It tells us that each new chip will have twice the transistors and therefore compute capability of the previous generation for the same cost of production. "This simple rule has driven every advancement in the technology revolution for more than half a century and still defines the expanding boundaries of technology today, allowing us to take concepts like artificial intelligence and autonomous vehicles and make them a reality." Read more Ebola vaccine gives 100% protection, trial shows Ebola vaccine gives 100% protection, trial shows By Matt Burgess Is Moore's Law 'slowing down?' Although proven correct for the past five decades, the winning streak of Moore's Law could finally be hitting a plateau. According to a recent report from the International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (ITRS) – which includes chip giants such as Intel itself, alongside Samsung – transistors could get to a point where they could shrink no further by as soon as 2021. The companies argue that, by that time, it will be no longer economically viable to make them smaller, finally putting an end to Moore's Law. This means that while they could physically be made smaller, in theory, they will reach what the ITRS call "their economic minimum", meaning doing so will only make the costs prohibitive. Darryl Bautista/IBM This isn't the first time the Moore's Law theory has been doubted. Last year, Intel's own CEO Brian Krzanich announced that the firm's shift from one transistor size to another is stretching from two to 2.5 years. Krzanich questioned this during an Intel earnings call, saying manufacturing processes haven't advanced at the same rate as in the past. However, the ITRS believes this does not mean the end of the concept behind the Law, as manufacturers find increasingly innovative ways to squeeze more switches into a given space. Take 3D NAND, for example, the idea of stacking sets of transistors on top of each other to create "3D processors". ADVERTISEMENT Is the demise of Moore's Law a bad thing? While the conventional thinking is that the law's demise would be bad news, it could have its benefits – namely fuelling the rise of AI. "If you care about the development of artificial intelligence, you should pray for that prediction to be true," John Smart, a prominent futurist and writer told WIRED. "Moore's law ending allows us to jump from artificial machine intelligence – a top down, human engineered approach; to natural machine intelligence – one that is bottom up and self-improving." As AIs no longer emerge from explicitly programmed designs, engineers are focused on building self-evolving systems like deep learning, an AI technique modelled from biological systems. Share this article RECOMMENDED What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? What is the EmDrive and why is it so controversial? By Eric Hutson WIRED Explains 21 Nov 2016 What is fracking? WIRED Explains What is fracking? WIRED Explains By Amelia Heathman WIRED Explains 06 Oct 2016 This is what the future holds as Moore's Law turns 50 This is what the future holds as Moore's Law turns 50 By Katie Collins Wearables 19 Apr 2015 What are gravitational waves? WIRED explains Einstein's theory What are gravitational waves? WIRED explains Einstein's theory By Matt Burgess WIRED Explains 12 Dec 2016 Privacy policy and cookie statement Terms & conditions Careers Contact © Condé Nast UK 2017
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 02, 9:02 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Apple ‘Likely’ To Use Intel Chips In Future iOS Devices But TSMC Already Secured A11 Processor For 2017 iPhone By Corazon Victorino On 08/26/16 AT 7:14 PM Close Apple is “likely” to order processors for its iOS-running devices from Intel once it is done with its 2017 releases, insiders said on Friday. Hence, consumers can expect their new devices from the Cupertino giant to come with Intel chips starting 2018. According to Nikkei Asian Reveiw, Intel's recent pledge to expand its chip-making business is actually a move that the company is doing to secure that Apple would ask it for chip supplies and hopefully ditch Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC), though the latter is set to provide the Cupertino giant with processor chips for its 2016-2017 lineup of iOS devices.  As part of this move, Intel, which is the world’s largest chipmaker by revenue, has revealed that it will be licensing technology from ARM to widen its reach among smartphone companies. Intel has apparently been struggling in the mobile industry, while ARM is monopolizing smartphone chip technology, so this deal is necessary in order for Intel to realize its plan.  For TSMC’s part, it has become the largest contract chipmaker because of its close partnership with ARM over the past decade. However, TSMC is based in Taiwan, while Intel is based in the U.S., and given that Apple has been yearning to order key components of its devices from a U.S.-based firm, Intel’s move could really make Apple reconisder its partnership with TSMC.  Related Stories Apple's 2017 iPhone Will Not Feature A Home Button, New Report Says "TSMC could face tough competition as soon as 2018 or 2019 as Intel is likely to gain orders from Apple by then. Intel has begun to engage with Apple and it aims to grab one or two top-tier customers from TSMC,” veteran semiconductor analyst at research company Gartner Samuel Wang said.  MacRumors reports that Intel could be Apple’s supplier of a portion of the tentatively named A12 chips for the Cupertino giant’s iPhones in 2018, since TSMC has already been confirmed to be the supplier of A10 and A11 chips for this year’s iPhone 7 models and next year’s 10th anniversary iPhone, respectively. "Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC. There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it's really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington's policy to encourage U.S. companies to make more products at home,” a senior Taiwanese chip industry executive told Nikkei.  With Intel’s decision to partner with ARM, Apple will soon have another CPU supplier option aside from TSMC and Samsung. It can be noted that Apple exclusively partnered with Samsung for its processors a few years back before dividing that responsibility to TSMC and the South Korean brand for the A9 processor of its iPhone 6s, iPhone 6s Plus and iPhone SE handsets, Apple Insider has learned.    Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Samsung To Release Note 7 Probe Results Soon The South Korean company will reportedly make public the results of its investigation into the Note 7 battery fiasco before the end of January. Technology Is 'Mass Effect: Andromeda' Coming To The Nintendo Switch? “Mass Effect: Andromeda” producer Michael Gamble has revealed whether or not the game is coming to Nintendo’s upcoming console hybrid. World American Survived Istanbul Attack By 'Playing Dead' William Jacob Raak took a bullet and remained in place as a rampage went on around him. National Lake Erie Plane Crash Victim Was College Student Megan Casey was returning home with her family after seeing an NBA game when the plane she was flying in disappeared. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content Developer Zone Join today Log in Development OS Android* Chrome* HTML5 Windows* Device 2-in-1 & Ultrabook™ Business Client Embedded Systems IoT Server, Workstation, HPC Technology Big Data Dual Screen Game Dev Intel® RealSense™ ISA Extensions Machine Learning Modern Code Networking Open Source Storage Tools Developer Type Embedded Systems Game Dev Media Technical, Enterprise, HPC Web OS All Tools Android* HTML5 Linux* OS X* Windows* Resources Code Samples Contact Support Documentation Free Software Intel Registration Center Product Forums SDKs Resources Partner with Intel Academic Program Partner Spotlight Black Belt Developer Developer Mesh Innovator Program Success Stories Learn Blog Business Tips Events Videos Support Contact Support Developer Evangelists FAQs Forums Search form Search You are here Home › Forums › Intel® Developer Zone Talk Back › Watercooler / Catchall Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Digg Delicious Google Plus   Multi-byte NOP opcode made official Multi-byte NOP opcode made official Agner Sat, 04/22/2006 - 07:07 The latest version of IA-32 Intel Architecture Software Developers Manual Volume 2B: Instruction Set Reference, N-Z (ftp://download.intel.com/design/Pentium4/manuals/25366719.pdf) contains the opcode for a multi-byte NOP instruction. The opcode is 0F 1F mod-000-rm The multi-byte NOP can have any length up to 9 bytes. Quite useful for alignment. The manual says that this multi-byte NOP works on all processors with family number 6 or F, which is all Intel processors back to Pentium Pro (except Pentium MMX). I have verified that it works. I was surprised to discover that it works also on an AMD64 processor, although it is not documented in AMD manuals. I didn't find it on any website of undocumented opcodes. How come that this opcode has been kept secret for so many years? Why is it made official now? How come it works on AMD processors when noone else has discovered it, and AMD recommends the opcode 66 66 66 90 for multibyte NOP? I guess this is not the right place to ask about AMD processors, but how do I safely detect whether the multi-byte NOP is supported on an AMD processor? There is no use for this opcode unless you have an absolutely safe method of detecting whether it is supported, and this detection method works on all brands. www.agner.org RSS Top 5 posts / 0 new Last post For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our Optimization Notice. Log in to post comments Agner Sat, 04/22/2006 - 10:38 Well, I have found part of the explanation in: http://www.sandpile.org/post/msgs/20004129.htm Opcodes 0F 18 through 0F 1F are hinting NOPs reserved for future use. This is the reason why it doesn't cause exceptions on old processors back to Pentium Pro. I tried it on a Pentium MMX and it gives an exception. Are the hinting NOP codes official? And when were they first made so? www.agner.org Top Log in to post comments Intel Software Network Support Wed, 04/26/2006 - 22:47 We are forwarding your question to our engineering contacts. We will let you know how they respond. Regards, Lexi S. IntelSoftware NetworkSupport http://www.intel.com/software Contact us Top Log in to post comments Intel Software Network Support Tue, 05/23/2006 - 21:22 Thank you for your patience. The response we received from our engineering contacts is that the informationunder discussionis likelyIntel Confidential, and therefore would require an NDA to be in place prior to disclosure. If your company has its own Intel representative, you may wish to inquire whether they are able to assist with this inquiry. Your company's Purchasing Department will normally have your Intel representative's contact information. If you have no contact, please see http://www.intel.com/buy/networking/design.htm under "Design Components". If your location is not listed, please see an Intel Authorized Distributor and ask for a Field Application Engineer (FAE). Our Intel Authorized Distributor list is also linked from the URL above. Regards, Lexi S. IntelSoftware NetworkSupport http://www.intel.com/software Contact us Top Log in to post comments Igor Levicki Mon, 07/14/2008 - 09:28 Sorry for bringing up the old thread folks, but I would like some clarification on this. I am not interested in those details Agner was pursuing, but I would really like to know the following: Why regular NOPs weren't enough? Assuming that those hinting NOP instructions will have variable length (because they are most likely intended for padding), how exactly are they meant to improve decoding speed when current decoding bottleneck for x86 is in determining the instruction boundaries? So, any chance to at least get the answers to the above questions without the NDA Lexi? Regards, Igor Levicki Top Back to original post Leave a Comment Please sign in to add a comment. Not a member? Join today Support Terms of Use *Trademarks Privacy Cookies Publications Intel® Developer Zone Newsletter Intel® Parallel Universe Magazine Look for us on: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube English 简体中文 Español Português Rate Us
null
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Windows 2016 Offer Aimed at Luring Away VMware Customers       Microsoft's Windows 2016 Offer Aimed at Luring Away VMware Customers     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-08-26 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Microsoft dangles Free Windows Server 2016 offer for VMware shops; IBM takes aim at Intel with upcoming Power9 chips; Nvidia unveils powerful new processor for self-driving cars; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Amazon Refuses to Give Police Echo Digital Assistant User Transcripts DAILY VIDEO: Amazon resists warrant for Echo digital assistant user transcripts; South Korea fines... Congressional Study Concludes Strong Encryption Important for Economy DAILY VIDEO: Congressional study backs strong encryption essential for U.S. economy; Container... Security Flaws Detected in Panasonic Airline Entertainment System DAILY VIDEO: Security vulnerabilities found in airline entertainment systems; Akamai acquires... Facebook to Hire 'Head of News' to Help Rein in Phony Articles DAILY VIDEO: Facebook strategy to halt fake news includes a 'Head of News'; Google releases test set... Red Hat Extends OpenStack Cloud Platform 10 Support for Up to 5 Years DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat OpenStack Platform 10 extends cloud support; Google releases National Security... Yahoo Confirms Another Hack Affecting 1 Billion Users DAILY VIDEO: Yahoo suffers new hack; 1 Billion users impacted this time; Uber starts up self-driving... Sprint Introduces HPUE Wireless Range-Extending Technology DAILY VIDEO: Sprint’s new HPUE tech promises to extend reach of its 2.5 GHz service; Microsoft,... 34 People Arrested in Global Crackdown on DDOS Attack Service Users DAILY VIDEO: 34 people arrested in global roundup of DDoS service customers; Apple updates macOS and... New Kubernetes Release Enables Container Management on Windows Server DAILY VIDEO: Kubernetes 1.5 brings container management to Windows; Cisco Security Business Group... Samsung Readies Note7 Software Update to Disable Battery Charging DAILY VIDEO: Samsung to send out Note7 software update to totally disable charging; Microsoft... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Microsoft Dangles Free Windows Server 2016 Offer for VMware Shops IBM Takes Aim at Intel With Upcoming Power9 Chips Nvidia Unveils Powerful New Processor for Self-Driving Cars Google to Penalize Sites Running Pop-Up Ads on Mobile Devices       Today's topics include Microsoft's plan to win over VMware customers by offering them Windows Server 2016 for free, IBM's plan to claim some of Intel's server chip market share, Nvidia's unveiling of its new processor meant for autonomous vehicles and Google's goal to penalize sites that are running pop-up ads on mobile devices. Despite Microsoft's high-profile entry into server virtualization back in 2008, VMware continues to dominate the desktop and server virtualization space. Sure, Redmond has made some solid gains. In fact, Gartner called Microsoft "a mainstream contender for enterprise use" in its latest analysis of the market—but VMware remains the to-go vendor for organizations seeking to get the most from their server hardware investments. In a renewed push just before the September launch of Windows Server 2016, which includes Microsoft's Hyper-V virtualization technology, the software giant announced a new offer to entice current VMware vSphere customers. "From September 1, 2016, through June 30, 2017, customers who switch workloads from VMware to Hyper-V can get free Windows Server Datacenter licenses when buying Windows Server Datacenter + Software Assurance," announced Microsoft in an Aug. 24 blog post. IBM officials want to remind businesses that Intel's x86 processors aren't the only server chips on the market. Company engineers were at the Hot Chips 2016 show in Cupertino, Calif., this week to talk about Big Blue's upcoming Power9 processors, which are scheduled to hit the market next year and promise a broad range of capabilities that will make the architecture attractive for an array of workloads, from hyperscale data centers to machine learning and artificial intelligence. They reiterated many of the key assets of Power9, from its new architecture that will offer up to 24 processing cores and its ability to run with a wide array of accelerators like GPUs, field-programmable gate arrays and application-specific integrated circuits for faster performance to embracing such technologies as Nvidia's NVLink 2.0 and PCI Express 4.0. It's a cornerstone of IBM's larger effort to carve into Intel's dominant share of the server chip market, where more than 90 percent of all systems run on x86 chips from Intel. Nvidia is driving forward its ambitions in the fast-growing autonomous vehicle space with a powerful new mobile processor that pairs its latest Denver 2.0 CPU and Pascal-based GPUs to control deep-learning applications that will make cars smart enough to recognize and respond to obstacles such as bikers and pedestrians. Nvidia engineers unveiled the details of the Tegra "Parker" processor this week at the Hot Chips 2016 show, noting the chip is aimed at automotive uses such as self-driving cars and digital cockpits in vehicles. Given the power and capabilities in the chip, it also could drive applications in other areas such as gaming and mobile devices. Company executives have identified both artificial intelligence and autonomous cars as key growth markets. Starting Jan. 10, 2017, Google will penalize websites that serve up pop-up ads, to users searching for content on mobile devices. Websites and web pages that use such pop-ups will rank lower in Google's mobile search results after that date, the company announced this week. The move is designed to make it easier for users to access mobile content, Google Product Manager Doantam Phan announced on the company's Webmaster Central Blog. Although a majority of web pages have become more mobile-friendly in the past two years, the use of intrusive interstitials on pages that are displayed to mobile users has increased markedly, Phan said.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Mobile/Gallery/Rumor Mobile Apple may ditch Samsung and TSMC for Intel chips in upcoming iPhone By Brandon Russell | August 26, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo A curved OLED display, no home button, and a switch to Intel chips could be among the changes Apple makes to future iPhones. According to Nikkei Asian Review, citing “industry experts,” Intel’s recent commitment to Acorn RISC Machine (ARM) could be the impetus behind a future change in Apple’s supply chain. ARM architecture is currently developed and licensed by British company ARM Holdings. Right now, Apple relies on Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) and Samsung for its mobile chips, but that will supposedly change as early as 2018. Apparently, Apple and Intel are already engaged in discussions, although they’re supposedly in the very early stages. In addition to Apple, Intel is reportedly looking to snatch a few big customers away from TSMC with its new pledge to ARM. Nikkei Asian Review says one aspect that’s sweetening the deal for Apple is the fact that Intel’s headquarters is based in Santa Clara, Calif., and not overseas. However, Apple typically relies on a diversified supply chain—TSMC and Samsung—so as to avoid low supply. Relying solely on Intel could potentially lead to supply issues. LG will be the first manufacturer to adopt Intel chips following the ARM deal, according to Nikkei Asian Review, a first step for Intel as it looks to make further inroads into the mobile market. Snagging a huge contract with Apple could be Intel’s big break. Source Nikkei Via 9to5Mac Topics #Apple #Apple #Samsung #TSMC Brandon Russell Follow Brandon Russell enjoys writing about technology and entertainment. When he’s not watching Back to the Future, you can find him on a hike or watching soccer.… Read More Recent Posts The Shark Tank-backed IllumiBowl is the toilet light you didn’t know you needed Netflix: 10 great movies you should watch right now Infiniti QX50 unveiled as new autonomous SUV concept Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2017 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. On Women's Equality Day, More Tech Companies Promise Change subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 08.26.16. 08.26.16 Time of Publication: 2:10 pm. 2:10 pm On Women’s Equality Day, More Tech Companies Promise Change We’ve been celebrating Women’s Equality Day for 45 years. It was originally created to commemorate the 19th Amendment—the 1920 law that gave women the right to vote—but it’s now a reminder that, all these years later, women still haven’t reached complete equality. For one thing, the average American woman must work 15.5 months to earn the same amount of money that the average American man makes in 12. But at the same time, Women’s Equality Day is also a way of pushing for new change. Today is the latest example. A new group of Silicon Valley companies has signed the White House Equal Pay Pledge, including Apple, Dropbox, Facebook, IBM, LinkedIn, and Microsoft. The pledge was first introduced at the United State of Women Summit in June, and several tech giants had signed on then as well. The pledge is particularly important for the tech industry, where prominent gender gaps still exist and it can feel like change is taking hold quite slowly, even as many try to tackle the problem with the best of intentions. With the pledge, employers commit to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across jobs; will review hiring and promotion procedures to shed more light on unconscious biases; embed equal pay efforts into broader equity initiatives; and promote other best practices to close the national wage gap. Some of these efforts have already been underway in Silicon Valley, but signing the pledge formalizes the commitment and gives companies concrete aims to shoot for with each annual check-in. It also invites public scrutiny, with the companies essentially telling the world: yes, we’re willing to put our name against this promise—and we will answer to and be accountable to you.. All of which seems great—except there are still other entrenched, societal reasons that prevent some women from joining the workforce in the first place, or increase the odds that they’ll take on a job in the lower ranks of a company. At the tech company GoDaddy, for instance, which has already undertaken gender pay studies and released its data around it last year, women are paid slightly more across the whole company. But at the levels that arguably matter more—among technical positions and at the management level—women are paid less. In short, yes, signing a pledge is a good first step and a sign that these companies are willing to consciously confront the very real gender gaps that still plague American society today. But more real work is needed before years of systemic inequality can be overturned. And in 2016, after 45 whole years of commemorating Women’s Equality Day, maybe—just maybe—the public on the whole should be giving tech companies less of a pass on such an important issue. As a recent report from McKinsey showed, achieving full gender parity in the American workplace isn’t just a matter of fairness, it would also boost the US economy on the whole—to the tune of $4.3 trillion. Tech companies still cite a million different reasons for why the needle to get to full parity is moving so slowly. But dragging their feet on fixing the problem just means more money is being left on the table, every single day. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. gender diversity gender wage gap Silicon Valley Women in tech women's equality day Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email gender diversity gender wage gap Silicon Valley Women in tech women's equality day Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Email Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 05.03.16. 05.03.16 Time of Publication: 3:41 pm. 3:41 pm Ellen Pao Has A New Site to Push Greater Diversity in Tech Ellen Pao’s gender discrimination lawsuit against famed Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins made her one of the most prominent faces of Silicon Valley’s diversity movement. Now she’s teamed up with other major players on a new project meant to guide tech companies toward greater diversity and inclusion. Project Include is designed as an online community that will take an open source approach toward advising startup founders and human resource departments on how to successfully recruit, hire, and retain a diverse workforce. It will also offer advice to venture capital firms, which hold so much sway over how startups evolve—including how they hire. Pao says the project started as a dinner brainstorming session on how to make tech more diverse. Other participants include Slack engineer and ex-Googler Erica Baker, whose spreadsheet of Google salaries went viral, and Pinterest’s Tracy Chou, one of the earliest advocates of tracking diversity at tech companies. Pao, a one-time partner at Silicon Valley VC firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, sued her former employer in 2012, alleging she had been passed over for promotions and terminated for complaining. She lost the case, but the high-profile jury trial stoked a broader discussion of diversity in the tech industry. Pao also served as interim CEO of Reddit. She was instrumental in pushing stronger anti-harassment policies last year but stepped down after users revolted. Bethanye Blount, former chief engineer at Reddit who also resigned during that tumultuous period, has also joined Project Include. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Ellen Pao Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Ellen Pao Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 04.28.16. 04.28.16 Time of Publication: 8:11 pm. 8:11 pm Etsy Is Defying Tech’s Lousy Record on Gender Diversity Etsy has crafted an identity for itself as an artisanal alternative to mainstream marketplaces. It’s also going against the norm in other ways, as its latest diversity report shows. Today the company said that women now make up 54 percent of its workforce, up from 51 percent in 2014. What’s more, half of the leadership and management positions at Etsy belong to women, an impressive achievement, at least in the context of the tech industry’s dreary diversity record. In keeping with its pledge to buck conventions, Etsy also says it will no longer refer to gender in a binary way, reflecting its belief that “gender lies on a spectrum.” In its latest report, it classifies its employees as those who “identify as women,” “identify as men,” and identify as “other awesome gender identities.” The company says employees are given the opportunity to voluntarily self-report their gender from among more than 60 options. For those tracking the progress of diversity in tech (or, in most cases, the lack of progress), Etsy’s news is encouraging. Women typically comprise about 30 percent of the workforce at tech companies compared to 47 percent of the overall US workforce. Still, even Etsy mirrors the rest of the industry in the composition of its engineering staff, which is only 20.5 percent women. The company also shares the tech industry’s general lack of racial diversity. Etsy is 78.6 percent white and comes in below industry average for black, Latino, and Asian employees. “Looking at our updated numbers, we’ve noticed that while our concerted focus on gender equity yielded clear, positive results, the same was not true for our progress in advancing racial and ethnic diversity,” says Juliet Gorman, director of culture and engagement at Etsy. Not that the company doesn’t appear to be trying. It says it’s investing in relationships with organizations focused on improving diversity in tech, increasing its presence on campuses of historically black colleges, and expanding on other recruitment efforts. Etsy has taken some positive steps toward gender parity. But intersectionality is important, too. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Etsy Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Etsy Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 03.15.16. 03.15.16 Time of Publication: 9:01 am. 9:01 am Etsy Offers Half-A-Year Paid Leave in Tech Parental Perks Race Etsy is joining the ranks of tech giants offering more expansive benefits to parents in the race to attract talent. The DIY e-commerce company said today that it will begin offering all new parents half-a-year of paid parental leave starting in April. In addition, Etsy will offer new adoption and surogacy benefits as well as coaching programs for new parents and their managers. “We felt like it was time. We felt the policies weren’t really as competitive anymore as we wanted them to be,” says Juliet Gorman, Etsy’s director of culture and engagement. Tech companies have long vied for the best employees by competing on benefits. Google and Facebook are known for their free food and other on-campus amenities. More recently, tech companies in particular have started focusing on perks for new parents. Microsoft, Netflix, and Adobe all expanded their programs last year with generous paid-leave programs that means parents aren’t pressured to choose between their new children and their jobs. Etsy says that part of the impetus for its program was to ensure uniform benefits for both male and female employees around the world, whether caring for a newborn or a newly adopted child. In the past, Etsy’s policies varied depending on the laws and standards of a locale. In the US, for example, Etsy offered only 12 weeks to primary caregivers and 5 weeks to secondary caregivers. Still, researchers say that seemingly generous parental leave policies mean little if companies don’t also foster a culture where employees themselves feel comfortable taking advantage of the time off. To work, that culture often has to be set from the top. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg set an example when he took two months of paternity leave after his daughter Max was born. At Etsy, CEO Chad Dickerson took nine weeks off when he and his wife adopted their son a few years ago. He’s also been an outspoken supporter of paternity leave. “We think of this as the long game,” Gorman says. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Etsy Facebook Parental Leave Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Etsy Facebook Parental Leave Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 12.09.15. 12.09.15 Time of Publication: 5:45 pm. 5:45 pm Netflix Adds Hourly Workers to Its Generous Parental Leave Plan Netflix is expanding its impressive parental leave benefits to its hourly workers. The company’s generous plan had previously only applied to its salaried workforce. But the change comes with a caveat: hourly workers’ benefits still aren’t as good as the one being offered to Netflix’s corporate workers, and the specifics will vary depending on the company division—customer service, streaming, and DVD-by-mail. The change was first announced by Tawni Cranz, chief talent officer at Netflix, in an interview with trade publication Talent Management this week. Netflix confirmed to WIRED that hourly employees in its DVD-by-mail division will get up to 12 weeks of paid leave; customer service 14 weeks; and hourly streaming-division employees 16 weeks. “We always look for ways to improve as a company and that means regularly reviewing policies and benefits to ensure we are competitive and can attract and keep the best employees,” a Netflix spokeswoman told WIRED in an email. ‘Clearly, they got the message from the time that they announced the initial policy that a two-tiered parental leave system was not going to work.’ When Netflix dropped the news in August that it would let new moms and dads take unlimited paid leave for the first year after a child’s birth or adoption, the move was widely lauded. After all, in the US, where the law only requires that eligible new parents who have been at a company for a certain time be provided 12 weeks of unpaid leave, the policy sounded positively progressive—and a slew of companies soon followed Netflix’s lead. But the streaming giant came under fire when admirers of the plan learned that the new policy didn’t apply to Netflix’s hourly paid workers. Advocacy groups and Netflix’s own employees criticized the company for the exclusion. Now, it seems, Netflix is seeking to correct its oversight. “Clearly, they got the message from the time that they announced the initial policy that a two-tiered parental leave system was not going to work,” says Tim Newman, campaigns director of one advocacy group, Coworker.org. “I think it’s a credit to the customers and employees who spoke out about that they made this improvement—this is a step in the right direction.” Still, Newman points out, the system is still not equal for everyone. Responding to WIRED’s inquiry on why the paid parental leave system was not uniform for all hourly employees, Netflix said: “Fundamentally as a company, we want to offer coverage for all three—maternity, paternity and adoptions. Differences in benefits result from decisions made by the leadership of those parts of our business as well as the competitive landscape for each.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Netflix Parental Leave Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Netflix Parental Leave Women in tech Author: Issie Lapowsky. Issie Lapowsky Business Date of Publication: 12.07.15. 12.07.15 Time of Publication: 2:08 pm. 2:08 pm IBM Ends Its Boneheaded #HackAHairDryer Campaign After Backlash Sean Gallup/Getty Images Hell hath no fury like the Internet’s response to a sexist brand tweet. The target of today’s backlash: IBM, which launched a well-intentioned, but completely tone-deaf, campaign on Twitter that urged women to get involved in STEM fields by hacking a hairdryer. Girls don't like science? Nonsense. Let’s blast away the barriers to #womenintech https://t.co/rrEFwjiBXD pic.twitter.com/eSiJ0UGsjB — IBM (@IBM) December 4, 2015 For obvious reasons—namely, the fact that IBM tried to combat gender stereotypes by perpetuating gender stereotypes—the tweet backfired. The company was flooded with a wave of sarcastic responses from female technologists and scientists, as well as the public at large: How to make progress in equality: start treating women like modern human beings instead of the 1950s housewife trope. #HackAHairDryer — Sage Franch (@theTrendyTechie) December 7, 2015 #HackAHairDryer into a flamethrower with which to set fire to gender clichés in the tech industry. — Simon Parkin (@SimonParkin) December 7, 2015 I don't even own a hairdryer! I'm doomed forever from entering the realms of STEM. #HackAHairDryer — Kris Jingle (@propertyofKJ) December 7, 2015 @IBM shame I don't use a hairdryer. I guess that's the end of my career in STEM. Brb quitting my astrophysics PhD. #HackAHairDryer — Jessica V (@ThatAstroKitten) December 7, 2015 The good news is IBM knows it messed up, and has already decided to discontinue the misguided campaign. “The videos were part of a larger campaign to promote STEM careers,” the company told WIRED in a statement. “It missed the mark for some and we apologize.” What makes this specific screw-up all the more unfortunate is that it belies IBM’s historically aggressive support of workplace diversity in the tech industry, from its female CEO Ginni Rometty to its innovative school model P-TECH, which aims to bring low-income high school students into the STEM field. It’s hard to imagine how a company that’s been at this for so long could make such a rookie mistake. If nothing else, it proves just how far we still have to go before tech’s entrenched gender bias is a thing of the past. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. IBM Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email IBM Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 11.20.15. 11.20.15 Time of Publication: 8:23 pm. 8:23 pm Mark Zuckerberg Will Take Two Months of Parental Leave Mark Zuckerberg said today that he will be taking two months off when his first daughter is born. “Priscilla and I are starting to get ready for our daughter’s arrival,” the Facebook founder said, referring to his wife, Priscilla Chan, in a post on his Facebook page. “We’ve also been thinking about how we’re going to take time off during the first months of her life. This is a very personal decision, and I’ve decided to take 2 months of paternity leave when our daughter arrives.” This news is, of course, great for Zuckerberg and his family. We wish them the best. But this is a big deal for the rest of us, too. Zuckerberg is perhaps the most prominent chief executive of a major public tech company to take this much time off following the birth of his child. That’s important, because executives set the tone for a company (and, in some ways, the country) when it comes to balancing work and family. Like some other major tech companies, Facebook already offers new parents a parental leave plan considered very generous by US standards. New parents at Facebook can take four paid months off. They receive benefits such as $4,000 for each child born or adopted. As we’ve written before, however, employees may feel reluctant to take advantage of such plans if their companies don’t have a culture that encourages taking time off. And company culture typically comes from the top. “Every day things are getting a little more real for us, and we’re excited to start this next stage in our lives,” Zuckerberg wrote. Let’s hope more companies will offer new parents more leave, and that dads will be able to follow his lead. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Parental Leave Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Facebook Mark Zuckerberg Parental Leave Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 11.10.15. 11.10.15 Time of Publication: 5:07 pm. 5:07 pm Ellen Pao Says Silicon Valley Is Making Progress on Sexism Ellen Pao. Jason Henry/The New York Times/Redux A few weeks ago, actress Jennifer Lawrence took a stand against gender pay gaps in Hollywood—in a newsletter. To be clear, this is not just any newsletter. Lena Dunham’s Lenny Letter has become a must-read, in part as a platform for high-profile feminists. The latest is one-time venture capitalist Ellen Pao, who spoke out in Lenny Letter today about sexism in Silicon Valley. In her piece—”Silicon Valley sexism is getting better. Slowly”—Pao describes her career and the ways in which the industry’s biases began to themselves “crack by crack.”  Still, she says, Silicon Valley has started to make meaningful progress. “The biggest positive difference over the past 20 years is how women and minorities are sharing others’ bad behavior, data, and their own experiences publicly,” Pao writes. Pao has been relatively quiet in the weeks since she said she would not pursue an appeal in her failed gender discrimination lawsuit against her former employer, marquee venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins. In July, Pao stepped down as interim CEO of Reddit after facing intense backlash when a popular employee was abruptly fired and new anti-harassment policies introduced. That same month, she penned an op-ed in The Washington Post in which she said she had “endured one of the largest trolling attacks in history.” In Lenny Letter, Pao looks back at the longer arc of her career in the Valley: It was easier in her early work life, especially in her 20s. Then things started to get tougher. Fresh out of Harvard Law School, Pao says she felt she was doing well—and other women, including women of color, seemed to be succeeding, too. Schools, law firms, and successful senior partners all told them they were on track to have fantastic careers. But later, “our ranks thinned and progress got harder,” Pao writes. There were inconsistencies in what people said and what they actually did. “I saw many firms talking meritocracy but ignoring great opportunities that women brought in or giving men credit for them,” she says. “Unconscious” biases and bringing up “the pipeline problem” are excuses we shouldn’t fall for. Pao argues that when tech and VC leaders throw out these justifications, they’re merely saying, “We haven’t done anything wrong, and we don’t care to fix it.” But things are changing. People can now call out others’ bad behavior publicly. They’re sharing their experiences, and they’re doing valuable research. Pao points to the decision by Silicon Valley tech giants to voluntarily release their diversity statistics as a sign of progress. Researchers are looking at hard data around how the system treats people in tech, from graduation to hiring to the upper ranks of VC firms and tech companies. People are also sharing their stories on social media. Erica Baker, an ex-Googler, made waves when she described inconsistencies in salaries by gender and race. A Fortune reporter uncovered gender bias in performance reviews. Questions are being asked and a spotlight cast on the issues. Pao’s advice for other women and members of minority groups? Be resilient. Speak up—don’t be silent. For women facing struggles in a male-dominated work culture, Pao says there’s one important thing to remember: “You are not alone.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Ellen Pao Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Ellen Pao Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 11.09.15. 11.09.15 Time of Publication: 7:41 pm. 7:41 pm Gawker’s Diversity Figures Are Typical for Tech and Media In keeping with the recent tech industry trend, Gawker Media has released its diversity figures, and the results mirror the typical ratios of tech and media companies. The company, which oversees a network of websites, including the eponymous Gawker, is mostly white and mostly male.   The numbers are also comparable to Buzzfeed, another new media company that recently released data about the composition of its workforce. “After the announcement that I was being named permanent executive editor of Gawker Media, and after Buzzfeed’s publication of its diversity statistics last month, we received renewed calls internally from editorial staff members for an accounting of the racial and gender diversity of our teams,” Gawker executive editor John Cook writes. Gawker is 43 percent female, compared to 47 percent in the overall US workforce.That’s better than most tech companies: According to data compiled by The Verge, the biggest tech companies are 29 percent female on average. The gender ratio slips when just counting edit side: Cook says women make up 38 percent of Gawker Media’s editorial staffers. When it comes to race, Gawker fares worse than most major tech companies. Overall, Gawker Media is 79 percent white. By comparison, Google said this year that 60 percent of its overall staff is white. Facebook’s overall staff is 55 percent white; Apple’s workforce is 54 percent white. Gawker’s editorial staff is 78 percent white, Cook said. Gawker’s numbers aren’t unusual for tech or media, which can be even worse than tech when it comes to diversity. As my colleague Julia Greenberg noted in a recent piece, a survey from the American Society of News Editors found that the “percentage of minority journalists in daily-newspaper newsrooms” was under 13 percent. At The New York Times, public editor Margaret Sullivan noted that of the 20 critics on its culture desk, none are black. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Gawker Gawker Media Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Gawker Gawker Media Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 11.02.15. 11.02.15 Time of Publication: 9:12 pm. 9:12 pm Amazon’s New Parental Leave Policy Is Good—And Good PR Amazon has updated its parental leave plan. The retail giant has expanded paid maternity leave to up to 20 weeks for birth moms and added six weeks of paid leave for new parents regardless of gender. As reported by The Seattle Times, this means that for the first time new dads at the company will be able to take time off following the birth (or adoption) of a child. The news comes just months after other tech giants, most notably Microsoft, Adobe, and Netflix, announced improved parental leave plans for their employees. Amazon, meanwhile, has faced public scrutiny over how it treats its employees following a scathing New York Times investigation that called its work culture into question. (Amazon and the Times later engaged in a very public back-and-forth over the fairness and accuracy of the story.) Following the Times investigation, former Amazon employee Julia Cheiffetz publicly called for the company to reevaluate its parental leave policies, claming she was effectively forced out following her maternity leave and cancer diagnosis. As Amazon heads into the holiday season—and kicks off Black Friday deals, well, now—it may be anxious to motivate its employees, who will undoubtedly be hard at work as the company enters the busiest shopping season of the year. Notably, Amazon’s policy appears not to apply just to high-end tech workers and executives, but more than 100,000 fulfillment center and customer service workers. Amazon may also be hoping to contain any damage that the Times story did to its public image. It will need to keep shoppers (and future prospective hires) happy, and it certainly doesn’t hurt if they feel good about how the company seems to treat new parents. No matter the motive, improved parental leave policies are good for new parents and their children. But as we’ve written before, experts say that it’s not enough for a company to have such policies in place. It also needs to have the supportive environment where employees are comfortable to take the time off that they need, knowing that they’ll be able to come back and pick up where they’ve left off. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon maternity leave Parental Leave paternity leave Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Amazon maternity leave Parental Leave paternity leave Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 10.20.15. 10.20.15 Time of Publication: 7:35 pm. 7:35 pm Intel Is Quadrupling Its Fertility Benefits Intel is quadrupling its fertility benefit coverage, providing employees looking to start a family with some of the most generous perks in all of Silicon Valley. On Tuesday, with a blog post, the company said it would increase its fertility benefit coverage from $10,000 to $40,000 for medical services and from $5,000 to $20,000 for prescription services by 2016. It also removed the medical diagnosis requirement for employees to get fertility benefits, which apparently left out same-sex couples. All employees will soon be able to get conception services. The move adds Intel to the roster of high-profile companies who are offering egg-freezing perks, including Facebook and Apple—no small perk considering a round of treatment can be as high as $12,000, plus storage and drug fees that can cost another four grand annually. Doctors also recommend at least two rounds of treatment—but the good news is this is still within the new coverage limits Intel plans to implement. Additionally, the chip-making company is tripling its adoption benefit coverage to $15,000 per adoption. And beginning next year, there will be no limit to the number of children for which an employee can seek adoption assistance. “While Intel is lucky to add such great new talent, we know that our existing employees have different experiences when trying to expand theirs,” Ogden Reid,  VP of human resources, said in a statement. “To help with that process, we are committed to being a leader in offering a broad range of benefits for employees and their families.” Intel already has one of the most radically transparent plans for improving corporate diversity, and this only adds to it. Offering generous pregnancy, egg-freezing, and adoption benefits could make the company more appealing to women and the LGBT community. Such perks help companies attract top talent, as we’ve written—to the end, of course, of having tech workers be as productive as possible for their employers. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity employees Intel Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity employees Intel Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 10.20.15. 10.20.15 Time of Publication: 3:34 pm. 3:34 pm For BuzzFeed, Diversity Remains an ‘Ongoing Priority’ While the gender split amongst BuzzFeed’s employees overall remains relatively even, the company’s staff remains predominantly white. In a diversity report released today, the company revealed that 69 percent of its employees are white. BuzzFeed BuzzFeed isn’t just a news and entertainment company after all—it’s also a tech company. And like many Silicon Valley tech giants, it touts its diversity by periodically releasing its latest diversity numbers in reports like the one it released today. For the second year in a row, Buzzfeed emphasized to its employees and the world at large that improving diversity is an “ongoing priority.” Founder and chief executive Jonah Peretti says the company is sharing its numbers “in an effort to track our progress and hold ourselves accountable to each other and the public.” But while BuzzFeed has been able to seemingly close the gender divide unlike some tech companies, it has room to improve when it comes to diversity. Google, for example, said this year that 60 percent of its overall staff is white. At Facebook, only 55 percent of the overall staff is white. Microsoft says 59.5 percent of its overall staff is white. However, in newsrooms across the US, it’s a somewhat different story. A recent survey from the American Society of News Editors found that the “percentage of minority journalists in daily-newspaper newsrooms” was around 12.76 percent. Earlier this year The New York Times’ public editor Margaret Sullivan noted that “there certainly are areas of The Times that could use more diversity, including its culture critics, where on a staff of 20, there are no black critics.”  “We care about diversity for moral reasons,” explains Peretti in a public note, “but we also know a diverse staff is a competitive advantage that allows us to recruit from the broadest possible pool of talent and have team members with a wide range of experiences and perspectives.” BuzzFeed To show its commitment to diversity, the company shared several graphs today that highlight its effort to continue building a more diverse staff. In addition to having more women than men at the company, one notable revelation is that BuzzFeed has more women global managers than male ones. When it comes to gender, its tech division, however, remains the starkest uneven split. Unlike last year, the company did not share today any specific targets for continuing to improve diversity in the next year nor did it offer any plans for how it will continue to improve diversity amongst its employees. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. BuzzFeed diversity Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email BuzzFeed diversity Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 10.14.15. 10.14.15 Time of Publication: 1:46 pm. 1:46 pm Google Backs Groups That Help Women Network in Tech Anita Borg Institute One of the barriers facing many women seeking to advance in the tech industry is the lack of a good network. Not the digital kind, the “foot in the door” kind. Companies all too often hire from pools of job candidates who already have connections, and in an industry that’s predominantly male, that means more men have easier entrée. For everyone else, especially women, they’re left depending on luck. Now Google is backing a way to change this. The nonprofit Anita Borg Institute today is unveiling its ABI.Local program in conjunction with the first day of its annual Grace Hopper Celebration—the world’s largest event for women in computing. The idea is to help women technologists in cities around the world connect with each other locally to build the networks that will help build their ranks in the tech industry. “Establishing and growing a strong community of women who share our interests and career goals is imperative to keeping women in the field and broadening the appeal of a technical career to young women,” says Telle Whitney, the Anita Borg Institute’s CEO. In the run-up to its official launch today, ABI.Local has quietly reached nearly 1,300 people around the world in New York and Delhi. Today, the nonprofit says, ABI.Local launches in eight more metro areas, including Boston, Washington D.C., and Silicon Valley, thanks in part to donations from Google and an anonymous donor. In the coming year, the plan is to expand to the Middle East, Africa, Singapore, and elsewhere. The group has also launched a beta version of its ABI.Local website, which it hopes can serve as an online networking hub for women in tech. Aside from the female-centric focus, the ABI.Local groups will mostly deal in standard tech-networking fare, organizing technical talks, networking receptions, panels, hackathons, and workshops featuring local women technologists. Groups are gathering this week to watch the livestream of the Grace Hopper Celebration taking place in Houston. (Among other things, they may be watching for a repeat of a gaffe like the one from last year’s conference, where Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella slipped and said he believed women should “have faith” that they would get the “right raises as you go along.” Nadella quickly apologized after the incident.) In spite of slow progress revealed by the dismal workforce statistics at tech companies, the groundswell of public discussion around the very important issues of diversity in tech is gaining traction—and pushing the industry to change. In the end, it does take networks—networks in local groups, and networks at large conventions—to make that much more of a difference, and move the conversation forward. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 09.10.15. 09.10.15 Time of Publication: 5:11 pm. 5:11 pm Ellen Pao Ends Her Lawsuit Against Kleiner Perkins One of the most tumultuous cases of gender discrimination in tech has officially come to a close. One-time partner Ellen Pao has decided not to appeal the loss of her gender discrimination suit against her former employer, storied Silicon Valley venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. “I have decided to end my lawsuit against Kleiner Perkins,” Pao said in a statement sent to tech news site Re/code on Thursday. “I feel gratified that my actions have encouraged others to speak up about discrimination in venture capital and technology more broadly.” In late March, a jury denied Pao’s claims that Kleiner Perkins discriminated against her because of her gender, and retaliated against her for reporting gender bias at the firm. The six-week sex bias trial had captivated Silicon Valley and the larger tech industry, where women are still in the minority in spite of efforts to increase diversity. In the venture capital industry, the gender gap is even more prominent: in 2014, only 6 percent of partners at venture capital firms were women, according to a Babson College study. And though Pao ultimately lost the case, supporters lauded her efforts to draw attention to the ongoing battle to create a level playing field for women in tech. After KPCB successfully defended itself at trial, the venture capital firm demanded that Pao reimburse the $1 million or so it spent on legal costs—which Pao argued she shouldn’t have to pay. Instead, to resolve the suit completely, Pao told Re/code, she agreed to pay Kleiner the legal costs ordered by the judge in the case: a total of $275,966. Pao also emphasized, in her statement, that she and Kleiner did not reach an agreement to settle the matter with a payment to Pao, which she claims would have required her silence. “Settlement might have provided me with financial benefits, but only at the great cost of silence,” she said. “I refuse to be silent on these important issues.” The past year has been a rocky one for the former venture capitalist, who recently stepped down as interim CEO of online community Reddit after facing an all-out revolt over how to handle harassment and controversial content on the site. But Pao has made it clear that she is ready to turn over a new leaf. “I have been reengaging with friends and colleagues,” she told Re/code. “It’s over.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Ellen Pao gender discrimination kleiner perkins caufield & byers KPCB Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email Ellen Pao gender discrimination kleiner perkins caufield & byers KPCB Women in tech Author: Davey Alba. Davey Alba Business Date of Publication: 09.09.15. 09.09.15 Time of Publication: 8:16 pm. 8:16 pm Slack Is Trying To Be More Diverse By Starting Early Slack Following in the footsteps of so many others, Silicon Valley darling Slack, which makes a much-loved chat app for businesses, released its first diversity report today. Also following in the footsteps of so many others in tech, the results aren’t good: A vast majority of Slack’s employees—70 percent—are white. And 61 percent of the company is male. Still, you have to give Slack some credit. The company at least appears to be trying, and trying from the start instead of waiting years or decades into its existence to recognize that diversity is a serious issue. “It’s relatively easy for us to move the lever a small bit right now to make a significant change in our trajectory,” said Anne Toth, vice-president of people and policy, and Stewart Butterfield, Slack’s CEO, in a blog post describing the company’s diversity efforts. “If us doing this sooner rather than later yields a better result that alone will be a good thing for us to have done at Slack and, hopefully, for the industry at large.” Slack says it made the issue of diversity a priority while the company was still in its infancy, hiring an outside diversity consultant back when it employed only 75 people. It also says it’s begun examining its compensation data to make sure pay gaps don’t exist among its male and female workers. And it is making a concerted effort to be vigilant in its data collection and analysis to make real-time adjustments when recruiting new employees or updating its workplace policies. Doing Better by Starting Sooner Today, less than two years after introducing its app to the world, Slack employs about 250 people. And, digging into the numbers, it does appear to be doing better than many other tech companies. Seven percent of its technical workforce is African-American—which is actually saying something in a world where the combined black workforces of Google, Facebook and Twitter can fit on a single jumbo jet. But its overall workforce is still just 4 percent Black. Less than 1 percent of Slack employees, meanwhile, identified as Hispanic or Latino. And while only 39 percent of workers overall at Slack are women at a time when women outnumber men in the US population, 45 percent of Slack managers are female. The company says that 41 percent of all people working at Slack report to a female manager. That’s way ahead of the industry average of 18 percent, according to data compiled by The Verge. (An interesting tidbit: Erica Baker, the ex-Google employee who tweeted about pay inequality at Google, now works at Slack as an engineer.) Slack, of course, has much work ahead of it before it achieves true workforce equality. It could stand to make its goals more transparent and hold itself accountable to the public the way Pinterest, Intel, and Twitter have done. Its employees are still overwhelmingly white, and it could stand to hire more women engineers—18 percent of its engineers are female, better than Facebook, Twitter, and Microsoft, according to data gathered by The Wall Street Journal, but not as good as Intel (20 percent) and Apple (22 percent). Still, starting early has its advantages: It means Slack can stay light-footed before it becomes too big to change. Now, it just has to double down and really make those changes. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity slack Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity slack Author: Issie Lapowsky. Issie Lapowsky Business Date of Publication: 09.09.15. 09.09.15 Time of Publication: 2:17 pm. 2:17 pm Despite Diversity Push, Intel Ends Science Award Sponsorship Intel has decided not to renew its contract as sponsor of the Science Talent Search, a high school math and science competition that the company has backed since 1998. The decision is an odd one for the company, which has recently made a highly publicized push to diversify the STEM field, pledging $300 million to the cause. The Science Talent Search, which has seen a massive increase in the number of female finalists over the years, according to one study, would appear to be an effective way to foster that diversity. But Intel spokesperson Gail Dundas says the company views those initiatives as distinct. “We’re doing a lot of work in the diversity space, which is wide ranging, but it’s separate from this,” she says. Intel’s contract with the Talent Search is set to expire in 2017, and that, Dundas says, is the reason the sponsorship won’t continue. Asked why Intel isn’t renewing that contract, Dundas declined to elaborate. “It’s a long term sponsorship,” she said. “It’s 20 years. That’s really all I have to say on that.” Which doesn’t really clear up anything about this weird move. All of this raises more questions than it answers, chief among them being whether this was an ill-conceived cost-cutting measure that’s now turned into a public relations failure. But since the sponsorship cost Intel only about $6 million a year, even that explanation makes little sense, considering the company brought in $55.6 billion last year, according to the New York Times. On the bright side, there’s now room for a younger, dare we say more relevant, tech player to take on the job. Any takers? Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Intel STEM Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Intel STEM Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.28.15. 08.28.15 Time of Publication: 4:25 pm. 4:25 pm Twitter Wants to Be (Slightly) More Diverse by 2016 Twitter announced new goals today to reinforce its commitment to becoming a more diverse company. But if you look at the numbers, their goals aren’t all that, well, progressive. “We want the makeup of our company to reflect the vast range of people who use Twitter,” Janet Van Huysse, Twitter’s vice president of diversity and inclusion, explains in a blog post. “Doing so will help us build a product to better serve people around the world.” Twitter Twitter says it wants to increase the number of women in the company overall to 35 percent, with women in tech roles reaching 16 percent and those in leadership roles reaching 25 percent. Similarly, the company wants to increase the number of underrepresented minorities on its staff in the US to 11 percent overall, with underrepresented minorities reaching at least 9 percent in tech roles and 6 percent for leadership roles. While the company’s efforts will hopefully lead to more transparency when it comes to the number of women and underrepresented minorities it hires and promotes, the goals themselves are pretty incremental. As it stands now, the company already has 34 percent women on its staff, with 13 percent in tech roles and 22 percent in leadership roles—not too far off from its goals. With 4,100 employees worldwide currently, the difference would be adding at least 41 women to reach its overall gender goal (though it would depend on the company’s growth). And yet it does seem that, when it comes to diversity at tech companies, change happens slowly. Despite their efforts, both Google and Facebook only saw incremental improvements in the diversity of their staff in the past year. Google, for example, only increased the number of women in technical roles by 1 percent. Facebook saw the number of women at the company increase by 1 percent overall, but it saw no change in the percentage of black employees. Twitter may be playing it safe, by setting goals it actually hopes it can keep. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity twitter Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity twitter Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.28.15. 08.28.15 Time of Publication: 12:42 pm. 12:42 pm Netflix Hit With House of Cards Spoof Over Parental Leave The national women’s advocacy group UltraViolet is demanding Netflix expand its paid parental leave program to include all of its employees. The group’s latest effort? A House of Cards spoof comparing Netflix’s discriminatory policies to, well, the ruthless manipulation and politics of series protagonist Frank Underwood. Earlier this month, Netflix announced that it would offer new moms and dads a full-year of paid parental leave. The decision was met with cheers from parents and the press, but it soon became clear that the new policy does not apply to all employees. Only the company’s more highly paid “salaried streaming employees” could take the time off. For UltraViolet, this is discriminatory. “People are taking notice that Netflix is expecting praise for extending parental leave to its higher-paid employees, yet it doesn’t extend those benefits to the hourly employees who need it most,” Nita Chaudhary, cofounder of UltraViolet, said in a statement. “It’s important that Netflix set an example for the rest of employers and companies nationwide… by giving all employees equal benefits.” Netflix, on the other hand, defends its policies. “Across Netflix, we compare salary and benefits to those of employees at businesses performing similar work,” a company spokesperson said in a statement. “Those comparisons show we provide all of our employees with comparable or better pay and benefits than at other companies.” After Netflix announced its new policy, other tech companies, like Microsoft and Adobe, chimed in with their own expanded parental leave offerings. These polices can serve as a way to attract more diverse talent. But sometimes, at least publicly, they can backfire. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. House of Cards maternity leave Netflix paternity leave Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email House of Cards maternity leave Netflix paternity leave Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.05.15. 08.05.15 Time of Publication: 2:57 pm. 2:57 pm Microsoft Offers Big Upgrade to Paid Leave for New Parents Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg /Getty Images A day after Netflix said it was offering new parents up to one year of paid leave, Microsoft announced a major upgrade to its own maternity and paternity leave policies. The company said today it will now provide new parents with 12 weeks of paid leave. Birth mothers will also keep the eight weeks of paid maternity disability leave they already have, for a total of 20 weeks, Microsoft executive vice president of human resources Kathleen Hogan said in a blog post. Microsoft will also allow birth mothers to take two weeks off prior to their due dates. The company says all new parents can choose whether to take their leave in one continuous chunk or split the time into two separate periods. New parents will also be able to phase back into work on a half-time basis. “As we ask our employees to bring their ‘A’ game to work every day to achieve our mission, we believe it’s our responsibility to create an environment where people can do their best work. A key component of this is supporting our employees with benefits that matter most to them,” Hogan writes. Microsoft also said it was adding paid holidays for all employees as well as increasing 401(k) deferred matches. The extended parental leave announcement comes one day after Netflix said it will offer new moms and dads “unlimited leave” for one year after the birth of a new child or adoption. Both plans show an apparent commitment to offering more fair and equitable benefits to their employees as top tech companies vie to attract top talent. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity microsoft Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity microsoft Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 08.04.15. 08.04.15 Time of Publication: 6:42 pm. 6:42 pm Netflix Will Let New Moms And Dads Take A Year of Leave Netflix wants new moms and dads to take time off. In fact, it now says they can take as much time as they want. The video streaming giant announced a new policy today that offers unlimited maternity and paternity leave to employees for the first year after a child’s birth or adoption. “We want employees to have the flexibility and confidence to balance the needs of their growing families without worrying about work or finances,” Netflix’s chief talent officer Tawni Cranz explains in a statement. “Parents can return part-time, full-time, or return and then go back out as needed. We’ll just keep paying them normally, eliminating the headache of switching to state or disability pay.” The new policy is consistent with Netflix’s larger mandate that employees should be free to figure out their own work-life balance as responsible and accountable adults. The company already offers unlimited time off to all employees; now it’s explicitly adding unlimited maternity and paternity leave. Unlimited leave, however, can come with its own complications. Without a clear policy, employees may feel they need to take less time off in order to work the same hours as their colleagues or to appeal to their managers. Others might opt not to take any at all. At the same time, US law only requires that eligible new parents who have been at a company for a certain time be provided 12 weeks of unpaid leave. Compared to companies that offer limited time off to new mothers or no paid paternity leave at all to new fathers, Netflix’s policy seems to show a commitment to treating their employees equally and fairly. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity human resources Netflix Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity human resources Netflix Women in tech Author: Julia Greenberg. Julia Greenberg Business Date of Publication: 07.30.15. 07.30.15 Time of Publication: 2:46 pm. 2:46 pm Pinterest’s Bold Plan to Fix Its Diversity Problem Diversity in tech remains a problem, but Pinterest is among those working to solve it. Today, the company unveiled new programs designed to improve diversity in its ranks, and the plan looks rather promising. By next year, Pinterest hopes to have more full-time engineer positions filled by women and underrepresented ethnic backgrounds, by increasing the hiring rate for full-time engineering roles to 30% female and to 8% underrepresented minorities. It plans to increase the hiring rate for non-engineering roles to 12% for underrepresented minorities. And the company says it will work to ensure that at least one woman and one underrepresented background candidate is interviewed for every open leadership role. To get there, Pinterest plans to expand the group of universities from which it recruits and launch intern programs for students from underrepresented backgrounds. “Over the past year we learned when we double down on a particular area—like hiring women out of college—we see movement,” the company said in a statement. The company is also setting up an “Inclusion Labs” with Paradigm, a strategy firm focused on diversity, to experiment with better ways to create a more diverse staff. They will offer a workshop on unconscious bias, host events like Blacks in Tech and Future Female Founders, change hiring practices that may put some candidates at a disadvantage, and continue to collect better data. While several tech giants, such as Google, Facebook, and Microsoft, have publicly shared their diversity numbers—largely driven after Pinterest engineer Tracy Chou began collecting numbers about women in tech in 2013—not all that much has changed. But Pinterest thinks that with specific goals and programs it can finally move the needle. “Despite new initiatives tech companies are putting in to place, they have showed virtually no progress or movement,” Reverend Jesse L. Jackson, Sr., said in a statement. “Pinterest’s approach stands in stark contrast, combining aspiration with concrete measurable intention, and is one that other companies would do well to emulate.” Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity Pinterest Women in tech Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity Pinterest Women in tech Author: Issie Lapowsky. Issie Lapowsky Business Date of Publication: 07.28.15. 07.28.15 Time of Publication: 1:41 pm. 1:41 pm Facebook Publishes Its Managing Bias Course For All Facebook—like so many other tech giants—still hasn’t managed to make much progress in terms of diversifying its ranks. But the company insists it’s pushing hard for change. Today, the social network published a series of anti-bias training videos online, which it hopes will help all sorts of companies address the problem of the lack of diversity in tech. Unconscious bias training has become fashionable among tech giants like Google and Facebook. The thinking is: in order to attract diverse talent from outside the organization, it’s critical to promote and foster diversity within the organization. As Facebook chief operating officer Sheryl Sandberg wrote in a press release announcing the decision: “Managing bias can help us build stronger, more diverse and inclusive companies—and drive better business results. At Facebook, we’ve worked with leading researchers to develop a training course that helps people recognize how bias can affect them, and gives them tools to interrupt and correct for bias when they see it in the workplace.” The problem is: not all companies have the time or resources to develop this type of in-depth training. By putting their courses online, Facebook stands to make it easier for other companies to start similar programs, while also positioning itself as a leader in its diversity efforts, even though it clearly still has a lot to learn. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. diversity in tech Facebook Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share this story on Facebook Share this story on Twitter Share this story on Pinterest Share this story via Email diversity in tech Facebook Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality The Fate of the FCC This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality 14 hours Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better aviation Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better 14 hours The 10 Movies We’re Most Looking Forward to in 2017 Movies The 10 Movies We’re Most Looking Forward to in 2017 14 hours The Year in Housing: The Middle Class Can’t Afford to Live in Cities Anymore cities The Year in Housing: The Middle Class Can’t Afford to Live in Cities Anymore 3 days The Biggest Security Threats Coming in 2017 Security The Biggest Security Threats Coming in 2017 14 hours Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending TV Now That We’ve All Seen The OA, Let’s Talk About That Ending 12.28.16 The Science Behind Explosive Hangover Poops big question The Science Behind Explosive Hangover Poops 2 days How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos Telecoms How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos 12.30.16 More Stories Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business The Fate of the FCC This Is the Year Donald Trump Kills Net Neutrality 14 hours Squirrels and Sea Monkeys 2016 Was the Year Silicon Valley’s Hype Machine Sputtered 14 hours Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 cities The Year in Housing: The Middle Class Can’t Afford to Live in Cities Anymore 3 days Telecoms How Amazon, Google, and Facebook Will Bring Down Telcos 12.30.16 aviation Coming Innovations That Will Make Flying Economy (Mostly) Better 14 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 10 hours 7 "last mile" transportation solutions to get you from your office to the subway wrd.cm/2hEH1bg Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
null
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and... Happy New Year firework wallpapers The top stories of the week on iDB How to use AirPods like a pro   skip to main content skip to main menu     Intel could begin fabricating iPhone and iPad chips as early as 2018 By Christian Zibreg, Aug 26, 2016 Tweet 8 Comments Both in-house designed ‘A10’ and ‘A11’ chips for this year’s iPhone 7 and 2017 iPhones/iPads, respectively, are believed to be manufactured solely by Taiwan’s semiconductor foundry TSMC (sorry, Samsung). According to Nikkei Asian Review, Intel is now perfectly poised to give TSMC a good run for its money in as little as two years because any Apple chips after the A10/A11 should be fabricated by Intel. The recently signed licensing deal between Intel and UK-based ARM Holdings lets the former fabricate chips for smartphones based on the latter’s CPU technology. LG will become the first handset vendor to adopt Intel-fabbed chips following the ARM deal. According to Gartner’s semiconductor analyst cited in the report, Samuel Wang, A12/A13 chips for 2018/2019 iPhones are expected to be manufactured by Intel: TSMC could face tough competition as soon as 2018 or 2019 as Intel is likely to gain orders from Apple by then. Intel has begun to engage with Apple and it aims to grab one or two top-tier customers from TSMC. In addition to producing Apple’s A-series chips, Intel is also thought to be supplying LTE cellular modems for select AT&T and some international iPhone 7 models. What does all of this mean for Apple’s relationship with TSMC? Apple most likely won’t just drop TSMC for Intel—the firm isn’t foolish to rely on any single supplier for such a crucial component that the engine which powers the iPhone and iPad is. What Tim Cook & Co. are probably looking to do is pit TSMC and Intel against each other to squeeze the best deals out of them, mitigate risk and gradually reduce reliance on TSMC. A senior Taiwanese chip industry executive said: Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC. There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it’s really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington’s policy to encourage U.S. companies to make more products at home. Intel’s Zane Ball argued recently its company can offer a better foundry service than rivals, saying “We can do design, and we can do assembly and test. We have remarkable sources and we will bring these capabilities to our customers as well.” Both Intel’s and TSMC’s foundries have been gearing up to deploy ten and seven-nanometer process technologies to fabricate even smaller and power-friendlier mobile chips. It’s important to keep in mind that semiconductor foundries like Samsung, TSMC and Intel will not actually design future iPhone processors themselves—that’s Apple’s self-imposed responsibility. Since the iPhone 4’s A4 chip back in 2010, the Cupertino firm’s been designing these things in-house. They acqu-hired a bunch of fabless semiconductor experts and now have more than a thousand silicon engineers on site, thinking up new A-series chips. Once the team’s designs are finalized, blueprints are sent to companies like TSMC who then fabricate silicon wafers en masse. Summing up, I find it fascinating that Intel originally passed on the opportunity to build the iPhone’s processor because it grossly underestimated potential volumes as it thought the handset would not prove popular. Anecdotal evidence: Apple itself approached Intel with the request to build chips for the original iPhone. It’s funny that—faced with the slowly dying desktop market—Intel is now looking to boost revenues by building the chips it didn’t even design, for a client it already turned down, to power the device it overlooked a decade ago. Image via iFixit Source: Nikkei Asian Review Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Design of Apple’s ‘A11’ chip for 2017 iPhones and iPads has been finalized DigiTimes: Intel to supply at least half of iPhone 7’s faster LTE cellular modems TSMC posts record profits as iPhone 7 demand fuels orders for A10 Fusion chip TSMC to build Apple’s in-house designed AMOLED driver chips for 10th Anniversary iPhone Related Topics A10, A11, A12, Apple, Chips, Intel, iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Manufacturing, News, Rumor, Semiconductors, TSMC Rob lol I like that last paragraph, bet they were kicking themselves John Smith Pshhh, y-you know what else is fabricated? This rumor. #rekt Tony Trenkle Jr. fabricated? Lol is that right term there? Christian Zibreg Sure thing https://www.google.hr/#q=define+fabricate Xee Don’t like the sound of Intel getting involved, all their stuff is overpriced! CtKiDd78 Agreed, watch the iphone prices skyrocket if Intel is involved. mrgerbik like apple? lol Christian Zibreg Thanks. BTW, I never mention iPhone 4s, but “iPhone 4’s A10” chip but you’re right, that device shipped with the A4 chip inside 😀 I corrected the typo, thanks for giving me a heads-up, man!   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Apple Chinese New Year promo: free Beats Solo3s with Mac or iPhone Resetting AirPods fixes charging case battery woes for some users Rumor: Apple seeding first iOS 10.3 beta on January 10 with new ‘Theatre’ mode Daily Deals: $70 off Beyerdynamic headphones, 10 iTunes movies for $10, and more Beautiful iPhone 7 photos show New Year’s Eve celebrations around the world   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: CCLowPower, CCRecord, Evanesco, & more… CCLowPower adds a Low Power Mode toggle to Control Center ForceInPicture enables Picture in Picture mode on unsupported devices CCRecord: a tweak to quickly and easily record your iPhone screen Customize your iOS 10 Control Center toggle colors with Cream 2 and Creamless iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Intel Pcie 3d Data Center Storage Sunny, summery Intel slips out six flashy 3D NAND SSDs Doing Internet of Things stuff? There's one for you, too Intel E 5420s embedded (IoT) SSD 26 Aug 2016 at 16:01, Chris Mellor Intel has introduced six new SSDs using 3D NAND technology, with two client products, two data centre drives and two embedded Internet of Things drives. Chipzilla says these are the first of many utilising 3D NAND technology and we expect some of the existing 2D (planar) NAND drives to fall out of favour and be retired. The new product list is: Client PCIe NVMe 600p Series for the consumer client market Pro 6000p Series for the business client market Data Centre DC P3520 Series for read-intensive applications in cloud computing environments DC S3520 Series balances cost and performance for the data centre, and good the initial transition to SATA SSDs from HDDs. Internet of Things E 6000p Series in M.2 form factor applications such as point-of-sale devices and digital signage E 5420s Series provides additional data protection Into the detail and starting with the client drives: Intel's 600p joins its current personal client SSD products, the 540s, 750, 730, 535 and 530 series. Both use a 3rd party controller. It has 128GB, 256GB, 512GB and 1TB capacity levels, and is made from TLC (3 bits/cell) 3D NAND. Random read IOPS range from 35,000 at 128GB to 155,000 at 1TB Random write IOPS range from 91,000 at 128GB to 128,000 at 1TB Sequential reads range from 770 MB/s at 128GB to 1.8 GB/s at 1TB Sequential writes range from 450 MB/s at 128GB to 560 MB/s at 1TB The device comes in M.2 format with a PCIe Gen 3x4 NVMe interface. I has a 1.6 million hours MTBF rating but no drive writes per day (DWPD) figure is supplied and nor is its latency. The 600p has a five year warranty and AES 256-bit encryption. The Pro 6000p appears to top out the existing business client SSD range, the Pro 5400s, Pro 2500, Pro 1500 and 750 Series. The only spec-list difference we spotted between the 600P and Pro 6000p is that the latter is a 600p with added support for remote secure erase by Intel's Active Management Technology. Its performance appears to be the same as the 600p's. Data centre SSDs Intel has a mass of data centre SSDs: D3700, D3600, S3100, P3608, P3700, P3600, P3500.S3710, S3700 and S3610. The P3520 and S3520 add to this multifarious mix. The P3520 comes in U.2 and an HHHL PCIe Gen 3 x4 format. It has three capacity levels – 450GB, 1.2TB and 1.6TB – and is made from MLC 3D NAND, the two bits/cell stuff. Random read IOPSs are up to 145,000, 320,000 and 375,000 as capacity rises Random write IOPS are up to 19,000, 26,000 and 26,000 as capacity rises Sequential reads are 1.2, 1.7 and 1.71 GB/sec as capacity rises Sequential writes are 600 MB/sec, 1.3 and 1.35 GB/sec as capacity rises The S3520 is a more complicated beast, coming in 2.5-inch and M.2 6Gbit/s SATA formats. Intel says it's made from MLC 3D NAND wiith 16nm geometry, which is a surprisingly low cell size for 3D NAND. (see page 2 of this datasheet, PDF) 2.5-inch S3520 Random read IOPS are up to 67,500 Random write IOPS are up to 17,000 Sequential reads are up to 450 MB/sec Sequential writes are up to 380 MB/sec M.2 S3520 Random read IOPSs are up to 53,000 Random write IOPSs are up to 14,400 Sequential reads are up to 410 MB/sec Sequential writes are up to 320 MB/sec Intel provides latency numbers for this drive; read/write 46μs/50μs. Compared to the S3510 the S3520 needs 15 per cent lower idle power, 30 per cent lower active write power and has 35 per cent more performance/watt. Its endurance has been increased to one DWPD from the S3510's 0.3DWPD. We guess the S3510 just got replaced. Embedded SSDs Chipzilla has made SSDs for embedded system use for some time, including the E 5400s and E5410s. Now we have the E 5420s and Intel is calling this its IoT range of SSDs, with digital signage, point-of-sale terminals and ATMs in mind. The E6000p is an M.2 PCIe Gen 3 x 4 device in 128GB and 256GB capacities. It uses TLC 3D NAND with, we understand, a 348Gb die. Random read IOPSs are up to 35,000 at 128GB and 71,000 at 256GB Random write IOPSs are up to 91,500 at 128GB and 112,000 at 256GB Sequential reads are up to 770 MB/s at 128GB and 1.57 GB/sec at 256GB Sequential writes are up to 450 MB/s at 128GB and 540 MB/sec at 256GB It has a 10mW idle power rating and a five year warranty. The E5420s is built from MLC 3D NAND, not TLC, and comes in 150GB M.2 format or 240GB 2.5-inch guise; both with a 6Gbit/s SATA interface. Random read IOPSs are up to 35,000 at 128GB and 71,000 at 240GB Random write IOPSs are up to 91,500 at 128GB and 112,000 at 240GB Sequential reads are up to 770 MB/s at 128GB and 1.57 GB/sec at 240GB Sequential writes are up to 450 MB/s at 128GB and 540 MB/sec at 240GB This drive has AES 256-bit encryption, a two million hours MTBF rating and endurance of one DWPD. For brochure and spec information on these new SSDs hit this URL. The 600p is available now; think 256GB $130 and 1TB $460. The others will be along later. And if you have read this far, you deserve a cup of refreshing coffee and a biscuit. ® Sponsored: Achieving rapid delivery of high quality software with continuous delivery Tips and corrections 1 Comment More from The Register Micron wheels out 'highest density' SATA SSD on the market +Comment 3D TLC latecomer catches up 13 Comments Peglar on the hoof: Micron flash and XPoint VP legs it Exits loss-making company for pastures new Micron sets a canary to watch over its stock in case of takeover Poison pill filing sparks speculation about aggressive buy-out action 5 Comments Micron, VMware, Supermicro, Nexenta doodle array designs Cosy club comes up with flashy little reference architecture Intel and Micron's XPoint: Is it PCM? We think it is What do you think? Micron wasn't super-clear 25 Comments Micron scrambling up wall of revenues pit It's still not making profit, but at least it's losing less Whitepapers How Application Delays Affect Company Performance Revealing the impact of application performance delays on company performance and financial results. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. The value of content APIs in modern application development Platform as a service (PaaS) originally referred to programming environments that allowed the construction and operation of applications on the Web. Swisscom builds OpenStack cloud possibilities with Red Hat As a result, Swisscom can meet customer needs more effectively, embrace open source innovation and DevOps. Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Turns out there's a market for marijuana... plants' video surveillance Sphere 3D has had two offers to buy parts of its business It's a ratchet: Old storage guard face incoming tech squeeze Shrinkage!? But it's sooo big! More data won't leave storage biz proud So. A new tech upstart wants 'feedback'. Um, maybe it actually does Well, FC-NVMe. Did this lightning-fast protocol just get faster? Double-DIMMed XPoint wastes sockets I'm not having a VMware moment – there's just something in my eye Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska TBWA\Chiat\Day Awarded Global B2B Creative Duties for Intel Global assignment includes integrated campaign to launch across US, UK, Germany, China and Japan News provided by TBWA\Chiat\Day Aug 26, 2016, 11:00 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Aug. 26, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- TBWA\Chiat\Day has been named Global B2B Agency of Record for Intel Corporation, the multinational technology company and largest global computer chip maker, headquartered in Santa Clara, California. Following a three-month pitch led by the client, TBWA\Chiat\Day was awarded creative and strategic duties in a shared effort between its Los Angeles and New York offices, working in close partnership with TBWA teams in other key client markets, including TBWA\London, TBWA\Hakuhodo in Japan, TBWA\Greater China, TBWA\Düsseldorf, and Omnicom sister shop Doremus, who will operate as B2B lead generation partners on the business. TBWA, who will run the business out of Los Angeles, will be tasked with developing a platform that translates into an integrated global campaign aimed at senior business and IT decision makers around the world. "Our company strategy is about powering the billions of smart, connected computing devices across the globe," said Kathy Garchow, Intel Director of Business Marketing Strategy. "Our work with TBWA\Chiat\Day will help us better connect how our technology enables our business customers to achieve their success." Intel is transforming from a PC-centric company to one that powers the cloud and billions of smart, connected devices. While the company powers most of the world's PCs, the data center and Internet of Things (IoT) businesses are Intel's primary growth engines. These growth businesses delivered $2.2 billion in revenue growth last year, and made up 40 percent of revenue and the majority of operating profit. "We are thrilled to partner with Intel, a brand whose value, influence, and pioneering technologies continue to push the boundaries of what's possible," said TBWA\Chiat\Day LA President Erin Riley. "We look forward to working alongside our TBWA teams around the world to build an integrated brand platform that taps into culture and resonates with modern business customers."  Added TBWA\Chiat\Day Executive Creative Director Linda Knight, "Intel is a truly iconic brand that has powered incredible stories of innovation throughout its history. We're excited to create the kind of disruptive work that lives up to this spirit of breakthrough and possibility, and to bring a fresh approach to B2B communications." About TBWA Worldwide TBWA is The Disruption® Company: the cultural engine for 21st century business. One of the world's most innovative and creative companies, TBWA uses trademarked Disruption® methodologies to develop business-changing ideas for brands. A top ten-ranked global advertising agency with 11,300 employees across 305 offices in 98 countries, TBWA includes brands such as Auditoire, Digital Arts Network (DAN), eg+ worldwide, The Integer Group®, TBWA\Media Arts Lab and TBWA\WorldHealth. Global clients include adidas, Airbnb, Apple, Gatorade, GoDaddy, Henkel, McDonald's, Michelin, Nissan, Pernod Ricard, Pfizer, Standard Chartered Bank, Singapore Airlines and Vichy. Follow TBWA on Twitter and Instagram and like us on Facebook. TBWA is part of Omnicom Group (www.omnicomgroup.com), a leading global marketing and corporate communications company.  Omnicom's branded networks and numerous specialty firms provide advertising, strategic media planning and buying, digital and interactive marketing, direct and promotional marketing, public relations and other specialty communications services to over 5,000 clients in more than 100 countries. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/tbwachiatday-awarded-global-b2b-creative-duties-for-intel-300318807.html SOURCE TBWA\Chiat\Day Apr 05, 2016, 12:00 ET Preview: TBWA\Chiat\Day Taps Nancy Reyes to Lead New York Office as Managing Director My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: TBWA\Chiat\Day Awarded Global B2B Creative Duties for Intel News provided by TBWA\Chiat\Day Aug 26, 2016, 11:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
joshua stein about | projects | rss | e-mail | github | twitter OpenBSD (with encrypted softraid) on the Chromebook Pixel (2015) posted to this is not a weblog on aug 26th, 2016 with tags nerd and openbsd The Chromebook Pixel LS (2015) has an Intel Core i7 processor (Broadwell) at 2.4Ghz, 16Gb of RAM, a 2560x1700 400-nit IPS screen (239ppi), and Intel 802.11ac wireless. It has a Kingston 64Gib flash chip, of which about 54Gib can be used by OpenBSD when dual-booting with a 1Gb Chrome OS partition. This guide is rather verbose because I explain each part of the process so you can understand how it works, instead of just blindly copying random commands from mailing lists and forums (most of which are for different/older Chromebooks). The Chromebook Pixel ships with a working SeaBIOS (RW_LEGACY) ROM region from the factory, so there is no need to download or flash any other ROM images. Enabling Developer Mode Booting OpenBSD Installer Repartitioning Setting Up Encrypted softraid Dual-booting OpenBSD and Chrome OS Removing ROM write-protection to default to booting OpenBSD Removing the blinding "Developer Mode" splash screen and shortening the SeaBIOS timeout duration OpenBSD component support matrix Note: everything here can be done on a fresh Chromebook with no Google account setup. Enabling Developer Mode At the initial Chrome welcome screen, press Escape+F3(Refresh)+Power and the machine will reboot. Press Control+D then Enter at the scary warning screen, then Control+D again to transition into Developer Mode which will wipe out your locally-stored user data. After the state partition is formatted, it will reboot to the scary warning screen. Press Control+D to continue booting into Chrome OS. At the Chrome welcome screen, hit Control+Alt+F2(Forward) to get to a console, and login as chronos. Enable legacy booting (to SeaBIOS) so we can boot to OpenBSD with sudo crossystem dev_boot_legacy=1. Note: dev_boot_usb is not needed since that's for non-legacy (Chrome OS) booting from USB. If you have already unscrewed the write-protect screw to be able to change the default boot flags, you can jump ahead to do that now. Booting OpenBSD Installer Once you have enabled legacy booting, you can boot to SeaBIOS with Control+L at the boot screen which will boot the OpenBSD media from your USB stick or SD card. Since SeaBIOS only supports VGA text emulation (by drawing on the framebuffer setup by Coreboot) in 16-bit real mode, once the OpenBSD bootloader loads the kernel and switches into protected mode, you would not see any text on the screen (unless/until inteldrm is loaded, which is not on the install media). Support for drawing an early console on Coreboot's framebuffer was added to efifb (which is present on the install media) between OpenBSD 5.9 and 6.0, so make sure you install a version 6.0 or higher. Repartitioning Chrome OS uses an encrypted /home mounted from the large STATE partition mounted at /mnt/stateful_partition. Rather than just change it to an OpenBSD partition, we'll shrink it and create another OpenBSD partition. This will allow the machine to properly boot into Chrome OS for future firmware upgrades and knob twiddling. From the OpenBSD install prompt, break out to a shell and fdisk -e sd0. The first partition listed is actually the last on the disk, and it's shown as a "DOS FAT-12" disk even though it's actually formatted as ext4. Shrink it with e 0 and make its size 1G or however large you want to give up for Chrome OS. Create a new partition with e 12 (or whichever partition number is next), make its type a6, starting at partition 0's start+size, and make use the rest of the disk. Setting Up Encrypted softraid Edit the disklabel with disklabel -E sd0, add an a partition with type RAID, making sure the offset and size match what you created earlier with fdisk, then w and q. Initialize the new encrypted disk with bioctl -cC -l /dev/sd0a softraid0 and enter a new passphrase. Then install to proceed with the installation, installing to the new disk that just appeared when the softraid0 device was brought up. Note that the iwm0 wireless device won't work during installation because there is no firmware package, so try a USB ethernet device that doesn't need firmware for now. The two USB-C ethernet devices I've tried both showed up as cdce devices which work fine in OpenBSD during installation. OpenBSD Bootloader At the end of the installation, you'll probably see a message that installboot couldn't find an OpenBSD partition. This is because the Chromebook uses a GPT disk layout for Chrome OS's bootloader, but SeaBIOS requires an MBR to boot legacy disks. Since the kernel and thus installboot sees the disk as GPT, it will want to install its EFI bootloader and not re-write the MBR. (Or, it sees it as an MBR disk with just one EE partition spanning most of the disk, with no OpenBSD partition present.) To work around this, you need to edit the MBR on the disk while preserving the GPT, and define an OpenBSD partition in the MBR with the same start/size as the partition already in the GPT label. Some 3rd party tools like GPT fdisk support this by creating a "hybrid MBR". Once the MBR contains an OpenBSD partition, the OpenBSD kernel should see it as an MBR disk, allowing installboot to work. You can fetch a statically linked binary of gdisk while still at the installer root prompt (the ftp binary on the ramdisk does not support SSL): # ftp -o /mnt/sbin/fdisk http://insecure.jcs.org/fdisk
# chmod +x /mnt/sbin/fdisk
# /mnt/sbin/fdisk /dev/sd0c
 From the gdisk command prompt, r to enter recovery/transformation mode, and then h to make a hybrid MBR. Add partition 13 (your OpenBSD partition) and say y to the prompt about adding ee first. Press enter to accept a6 as the partition type, and y to be bootable. Enter n to protect more partitions. Press o to see your new hybrid MBR which should contain your a6 OpenBSD partition. w to write table and exit. Now write a new MBR with fdisk -u sd0 and then installboot -vr /mnt sd1 to target the softraid disk, which will then find the sd0 disk and hopefully write your MBR. If you see a successful /mnt/usr/mdec/biosboot will be written at sector ... line, you should be good to go. reboot and hit Control+L at the splash screen, and SeaBIOS should find the OpenBSD bootloader. Chrome OS Once OpenBSD is installed, you can go back to Chrome OS by pressing Control+D at the boot screen. Upon first boot after re-sizing the STATE partition, Chrome OS will repair itself by re-formatting that ext4 partition and re-creating the encrypted /home. You should then go back to the chronos shell and set a password with sudo chromeos-setdevpasswd since any previous password will have been erased when Chrome OS re-initialized its STATE partition. If you got a different screen saying that Chrome OS is damaged and must be restored, your GPT partition table might be screwed up, or may have just lost the proprietary attributes set on the KERN-* partitions which tell Chrome OS which kernel to boot (as only one should be active at a time). If you proceed, you will lose your OpenBSD partition. You can try to repair these attributes with the gdisk tool mentioned earlier. Use the x and a commands to set the following attributes: Partition 2 (KERN-A): set 56 and 48 for      0101000000000000
Partition 4 (KERN-B): set 52, 53, 54, 55 for 000F000000000000
Partition 6 (KERN-C): set 52, 53, 54, 55 for 000F000000000000
 After writing out the GPT label, booting back into Chrome OS should work properly. Defaulting to OpenBSD By default, the Chromebook will boot to the scary "developer mode" splash screen and wait. If you don't press Control+D to boot to Chrome OS or Control+L to boot SeaBIOS within about 30 seconds, it will beep (very loudly) at you. To boot SeaBIOS/OpenBSD by default, and do it much quicker, you can change some GBB flags in the firmware through Chrome OS (good thing you kept that Chrome OS partition). Doing this requires that flashrom have write access to the normally-write-protected area of the device, which requires physically opening your Pixel and removing the write-protect screw: Power off and unplug the Pixel Remove the rubber strips from the underside carefully (if you stretch them out, they won't go back on smoothly) and remove all 16 screws The lid should easily lift off (there are no clips) Remove the pink write-protect screw located on the right-hand side near the USB ports, along with its washer Now you can disable write protection from within Chrome OS. Open the Pixel's lid and it should power on automatically. Press Control+D at the splash screen to boot to Chrome OS, then switch to chronos. Run flashrom --wp-disable to disable flash protection. You can now set the GBB flags to enable GBB_FLAG_DEV_SCREEN_SHORT_DELAY, GBB_FLAG_FORCE_DEV_SWITCH_ON, GBB_FLAG_FORCE_DEV_BOOT_LEGACY, and GBB_FLAG_DEFAULT_DEV_BOOT_LEGACY, which will automatically boot SeaBIOS after a short time: sudo /usr/share/vboot/bin/setgbbflags.sh 0x489 Before buttoning everything back up, test that opening the Pixel's lid displays the splash screen for only a couple seconds before booting to SeaBIOS automatically. To shorten the SeaBIOS timeout, keep reading. Removing the splash screen The Chrome EC (or video BIOS?) initializes the backlight of the screen to 100% upon boot. Normally it would quickly boot to Linux which would then adjust it down to a non-blinding level, but since it now displays its scary developer mode warning for a few seconds, this bright white screen at 100% backlight can be very disorienting, especially if you were just working in the console with a black background. To avoid this, you can just remove1 the white-background bitmap from the ROM image. vboot will then fallback to displaying a simple line of text ("developer mode warning") centered on a black background which is easy on the eyes, even at 100% brightness: To do this, you'll need to boot back to the chronos shell and use gbb_utility (which is what set_gbb_flags.sh uses) to write a zero-length Bitmap FV. First read the GBB region of the ROM (which should have its flags already set previously by set_gbb_flags.sh) to a file: sudo flashrom -i GBB:/tmp/gbb.rom -r
 Then create a zero-length file and store it as the bmpfv in the GBB: touch /tmp/null-images
sudo gbb_utility -s --bmpfv=/tmp/null-images /tmp/gbb.rom
 Then write the GBB region back to the ROM: sudo flashrom -i GBB:/tmp/gbb.rom -w
 By default, SeaBIOS will wait 2.5 seconds at its "Press ESC for boot menu." screen before continuing to boot OpenBSD, which can get annoying. To shorten this timeout without recompiling SeaBIOS, you can adjust the value in the etc/boot-menu-wait virtual file in the SeaBIOS CBFS. The SeaBIOS CBFS is contained inside of the main ROM at the RW_LEGACY region (which you can see by running fmap_decode /tmp/flash.rom to dump the entire FMAP table of the ROM) and is separate from the Coreboot CBFS. To extract the SeaBIOS CBFS to a separate file: sudo flashrom -i RW_LEGACY:/tmp/rw_legacy.rom -r
 You should now have a /tmp/rw_legacy.rom file that is only 2 megabytes. Next, you'll need cbfstool from Coreboot to make changes to the CBFS file. This tool is not shipped with Chromebooks, but you can download a binary from my website or compile it yourself from coreboot. wget -O /tmp/cbfstool https://jcs.org/cbfstool
chmod +x /tmp/cbfstool
 Now run cbfstool on the rw_legacy.rom file and make sure you can see its layout, which should contain at least a few entries. /tmp/cbfstool /tmp/rw_legacy.rom print
 Most likely there will be an existing etc/boot-menu-wait entry, so you'll need to delete it first, then add a new entry with your desired timeout in milliseconds. /tmp/cbfstool /tmp/rw_legacy.rom remove -n etc/boot-menu-wait
/tmp/cbfstool /tmp/rw_legacy.rom add-int -i 1000 -n etc/boot-menu-wait
 Now you can write the rw_legacy.rom file back into the RW_LEGACY region of the ROM. sudo flashrom -i RW_LEGACY:/tmp/rw_legacy.rom -w
 For good measure, take a full backup of the entire ROM and store it somewhere safe. sudo flashrom -r /tmp/final.rom
 Note: if you should ever want to go back to the original firmware with original splash screen images and timeouts, you can just extract and re-flash the original firmware (after re-applying GBB flags to continue booting OpenBSD): sudo chromeos-firmwareupdate --sb_extract /tmp
sudo /usr/share/vboot/bin/set_gbb_flags.sh -f /tmp/bios.bin 0x489
sudo flashrom -w /tmp/bios.bin
 1. I tried modifying the bitmaps and putting them back into the ROM, but it didn't seem to work (vboot just shows the "developer mode warning" text). I'm not sure if the bitmap files need to be in any particular format (other than what GIMP produced when re-saving the img_00006430.bmp file). This can be done by extracting the bitmap block from a ROM with gbb_utility -g --bmpfv=bitmaps bios.bin, then compiling vboot, running ./build/utilty/bmpblk_utility -x bitmaps to extract the bitmap block and get a huge number of .bmp files and a config.yaml file, editing the bitmaps, then reassembling with ./build/utility/bmpblk_utility -z 2 -c config.yaml /tmp/newbitmaps, and writing the new block to the ROM with gbb_utility -s --bmpfv=/tmp/newbitmaps bios.bin. Device Support Status is relative to OpenBSD-current. Component Works? Notes Ambient light sensor Yes Supported by my new acpials driver and the lux value is readable via sysctl hw.sensors.acpials0.illuminance0. Audio No Realtek RT5677CE over I2C and an RT5677AA over SPI, not supported on OpenBSD. Bluetooth No Shows up as a ugen device, but OpenBSD does not support Bluetooth. Keyboard backlight Yes Supported by my new acpicbkbd driver, which requires a post-6.0 change to acpiec to avoid trying to enter burst mode on the Chrome EC, which does not support it. Keyboard backlight can be adjusted with wsconsctl keyboard.backlight. Lightbar Yes Supported by my new chromeec driver that is in development, which facilitates communication with the Chrome EC to talk to the lightbar (among other devices). Suspend/resume Yes Made possible by my new acpitpm driver, which is a minimal driver that tells the TPM chip to save its state upon system suspend, otherwise the system will just reboot upon resume if the TPM re-initialization fails. SD card slot Yes Device show up as a umass USB device when cards are inserted. Touchpad/touchscreen Yes Both supported by my new iatp driver for the Atmel maXTouch over i2c. Touchpad provides two-finger scrolling and other things through the xorg-input-synaptics driver. USB Yes USB 3 and USB-C ports work fine for charging (sysctl hw.sensors.acpiac0) and peripheral access. USB-C tested with a Kanex USB-C Ethernet device which works via the cdce driver. Video Yes As of OpenBSD 6.0, the efifb driver will provide an early console drawn on Coreboot's framebuffer. Once the inteldrm driver loads, it will take over as the framebuffer provider. Accelerated X is handled through Xorg's modeset driver, as OpenBSD's Broadwell support is not 100% and using the xorg-video-intel driver can display a corrupted screen. Backlight can be adjusted with wsconsctl display.brightness. Wireless Yes The Intel 7260 802.11n wireless card is supported by the iwn driver. Comments? Contact me via Twitter or e-mail. Possibly Related Reading OpenBSD (not) on the Surface Pro 4 posted to this is not a weblog on jan 2nd, 2017 and was also tagged nerd, openbsd Remotely Installing OpenBSD on a Headless Linux Server posted to this is not a weblog on sep 12th, 2014 and was also tagged nerd, openbsd Copyright © 2001-2017 joshua stein. All rights reserved.
Myce.com Latest Updates Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 2 0 0 Go Register Log In Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review HyperX Predator 480GB PCIe SSD OakGate Expandable Desktop Storage Test Platform Review and Demonstration Crucial Ballistix Sport DDR4 16GB Memory Review Netac N580 m.2 SSD review Toshiba HK4E SATA 1600GB Enterprise SSD Review Samsung 960 Pro M.2 NVMe 1TB SSD Review Toshiba Canvio Connect II 3TB USB 3.0 Hard Drive Toshiba OCZ VX500 512GB SSD Review Crucial Ballistix Elite 3000MHz and 3200MHz DDR4 RAM review Crucial Ballistix Tactical DDR4 RAM review Home News Intel reveals budget 600p series NVMe SSDs Posted 26 August 2016 16:36 CET by Jan Willem Aldershoff Intel has revealed its budget 600p NVMe SSD series that will be available in capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB and 1TB. The chip giant has posted a page on its website that shows the NVMe drives will have a maximum sequential read speed of up to 1,8GB/s and a maximum sequential read speed of up to 560MB/s. The 600p series come in a M.2 formfactor and connect to the computer over the PCIe 3.0 x4 interface. They contain 3D TLC NAND about which Intel writes in the product brief, “delivered by a proven and trusted provider”. We expect that it’s 3D NAND from the fabs of the Intel and Micron joint venture, IM Flash. Intel hasn’t disclosed any information about the used controller. The drives have a MSRP of $69 for the 128GB model, $104 for the 256GB model, $189 for the 512GB model and $359 for the 1 TB drive. This means the average price per GB for the 1TB drive is about $0.36. That is still far more expensive than a SATA-3 SSD such as e.g. the Crucial MX300 of which the average price of the 1TB drive is about $0.28 per GB. While the 1.8GB/s maximum sequential read speed is much faster than any SATA-3 SSD, the maximum sequential write speed of 560MB/s is strangely enough close to what we would expect of a SATA-3 SSD. The drives do make up the relative slow sequential writes when it comes to random read and writes, maximum random reads are specified at 155,000 IOPS and maximum random writes at 128,000 IOPS. The 600p SSDs have a typical power consumption of 100 milliwatts while active, 40 milliwatts when idle and 5 milliwatts during sleep. Related Forum: Latest News Headlines Related Tags: nvme m2 ssd intel DrageMester Retired Moderator Posted on: 26 Aug 16 17:14 Quote: the NVMe drives will have a maximum sequential read speed of up to 1,8GB/s and a maximum sequential read speed of up to 560MB/s. The possibility to write would also be useful. 0 Agree alan1476 Administrator, Software Editor and Head of Promotions Posted on: 26 Aug 16 17:55 Soon they will pay you to take an SSD, prices are almost below platter drives. They are on sale already https://www.amazon.com/Intel-SSDPEKK...rds=intel+600p 0 Agree Register Login Register to Myce.com Register in 10 seconds, pick a username, enter your mail address and proof you're human, that's all! Username required An username is required and can only contain letters and numbers E-mail required Email is required, we'll send the password there Create account Welcome back Sign in with your Myce account. Not a member yet? Create an account Username A username is required and can only contain letters and numbers Password A password is required Login Post your comment Your message: Post comment Hot Threads Lite-On SOHR-5238Sjadburner, last post: jadburner 68 Post your Plextor 716 DVD Quality scans herecrossg, last post: Two Degrees 860 Happy New Year!beef barley, last post: roadworker 4 Fastest file type to use and not lose picture qualityguyo, last post: roadworker 5 Precision, accuracy, and reliability of disc quality (PI/PO/jitter) testsmuchin, last post: Halcyon 147 You've got to read this! Bug in Sonos speakers makes that alarms can't be turned off and went off too early Fri 30 Dec 05:12 by DoMiN8ToR Users of Sonos Play smart speakers complain on the company's forums that they can't disabl... 'Facebook unclear about offline data it buys about its users' Fri 30 Dec 06:12 by DoMiN8ToR Facebook purchases additional sensitive data about members of its social network but is un... Ransomware locks LG Android TV Thu 29 Dec 05:12 by DoMiN8ToR Owners of smart TVs running Android should be warned, ransomware can also infect televisio... Lenovo reveals laptops with Intel 3D Xpoint Optane SSDs Wed 28 Dec 04:12 by DoMiN8ToR Chinese PC manufacturer Lenovo is the first to announce laptops with Intel Optane SSDs. Th... Mozilla to lose 10% of its users after ending support for Windows XP and Vista next year Tue 27 Dec 05:12 by DoMiN8ToR Mozilla will no longer release security updates for Firefox on Windows XP and Windows Vist... Latest Comments I do not wonder coz the amount of spam on an IE page is load bogging Sounds like something is fishy going on here. I do recall a posting to... I was so hoping for a nice Teal or Alien Armpit. Maybe an image of a... Quote: Originally Posted by... I know few people that actually abide by the Facebook &quot;real... Facebooks behavior like this and all the other privacy violating things... @AaronZ26593: You're absolutely right. Facebook loves to spy on everything... Oh, the apparent stupidity of modern computational devices, and the people... What's going on? jadburner added a forum post to Pioneer BDR-208 (S08XLT), 208D, 208M (208E/U/J/XJ, 2208), BDR-S08 (S08J/XLB) jadburner added a forum post to Pioneer BDR-208 (S08XLT), 208D, 208M (208E/U/J/XJ, 2208), BDR-S08 (S08J/XLB) roadworker added a forum post to Fastest file type to use and not lose picture quality Albert added a forum post to Where this white rubber ring should go? Matth added a forum post to Fastest file type to use and not lose picture quality Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Wetboeken.online Follow us
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Intel and Apple Already in Talks Over ARM-Based Chips for Future iOS Devices Friday August 26, 2016 8:55 am PDT by Joe Rossignol Intel's new licensing deal allowing it to manufacture ARM-based chips for smartphones could win over Apple as a customer in as little as two years, placing pressure on current A-series chip manufacturer TSMC, according to Nikkei Asian Review. The report cited analysts that believe Intel could supply Apple with at least a portion of tentatively named A12 chips for iPhones in 2018, following reports that TSMC will be the sole supplier of A10 and A11 chips for iPhones in 2016 and 2017 respectively. "TSMC could face tough competition as soon as 2018 or 2019 as Intel is likely to gain orders from Apple by then," Samuel Wang, a veteran semiconductor analyst at research company Gartner, told the Nikkei Asian Review. "Intel has begun to engage with Apple and it aims to grab one or two top-tier customers from TSMC."The switch to Intel may not have significant implications for iPhone users, but it provides Apple with an opportunity to secure the best manufacturing deal and technologies available. Intel's foundries will manufacture ARM-based smartphone chips based on a 10-nanometer process, which TSMC is also moving towards. The move could also shift at least a portion of A-series chip production to the United States, which could help create new jobs on the company's home turf. "Intel is definitely the most formidable challenger for TSMC,” a senior Taiwanese chip industry executive said. "There is no rivalry between Apple and Intel so it's really likely that Apple could shift some orders there. The move is also in line with Washington's policy to encourage U.S. companies to make more products at home."Intel is also expected to supply modems for select iPhone 7 models, including AT&T versions and some international models sold in other countries, as Apple lessens its dependance on existing supplier Qualcomm. Tags: TSMC, Intel, ARM [ 79 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) BeefCake 15 18 weeks ago My gut tells me this has a hint of ARM in Macs Rating: 9 Votes maflynn 18 weeks ago imagine an "intel inside" decal on your phone Why? Its not like we see that on our Macs now. Rating: 7 Votes macduke 18 weeks ago imagine an "intel inside" decal on your phone Hah, this just sent me on a trip down memory lane… I remember the first computer I built was a 1.5GHz Pentium 4 in early high school. I ordered it as an OEM tray from TigerDirect to save some money (back when you would still order computer parts through the mail from a magazine). The trays didn't come with stickers, and I was disappointed, so I found some for cheap on eBay and ordered them. I proudly stuck that on the front so I could brag to all my friends since Pentium 4s were still fairly new. That machine was such a piece though. The motherboard was glitchy as hell, and the power supply was also crap. Let's just say I've changed a lot since then—and also since 2005, when I built my second machine, which was a huge tower with an LED window, a heat sink shaped like a jet engine, and blue LEDs everywhere. *FACEPALM* However I'm still proud of that cable management though, lol. To this day I regret that it took me until 2008 to get my first Mac. I really loved using them in school, but I was so entrenched in Windows stuff. Bootcamp won me over, and eventually I didn't need it any more. Rating: 6 Votes CliftonHighgrov 18 weeks ago Intel has been one of the best things to happen to Apple mobile computers. The PowerPC days were extremely painful. Intel was far ahead of Moto and IBM in those days I don't recall it being that way myself. The only stumbling block was the lack of progress on a portable G5 that eventually led to the transition to x86. The snag was that spec-focused buyers struggled to reconcile the difference in clock speeds between Motorola and x86 chips, tending to assume the higher-clocked x86s must be better performers. Rating: 5 Votes macduke 18 weeks ago We're currently on the A9, and we're already talking about the A12. Good grief! Rating: 5 Votes XMZ-250 18 weeks ago Who knows maybe the future iPhones and especially iPads with an intel ARM-chip might someday run full desktop programs. Rating: 3 Votes soupcan 18 weeks ago Now not only Intel Macs will be delayed but the A-series cips as well. Yay! And if you don't get the sarcasm involved here what are you even doing on the internet. Rating: 3 Votes catportal 18 weeks ago My gut tells me this has a hint of ARM in Macs Your gut is wrong. Rating: 3 Votes bpcookson 18 weeks ago Smart move for Intel, and gives Apple leverage. Good news all around. Rating: 3 Votes DCINKC 18 weeks ago Let the complaining begin... :-) Rating: 2 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories AirPods Reset Fixes Charging Case Battery Issues for Some, but Issues Persist for Others 8 hours ago on iOS Blog Although the AirPods have been well-received by a majority of users after the holidays, the largest issue persisting online centers around troublesome battery drain issues with the headphones'... 48 comments TrackR Announces New Tracking Devices and Home-Mapping Smart Plug 11 hours ago on iOS Blog With CES gearing up in a few days, some companies have begun revealing new products ahead of the show, and today TrackR has unveiled new updates to its range of Bluetooth tracking devices that help... 18 comments iPhone 7 Photos Highlight New Year's Eve Festivities Around the World 13 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple partnered with 15 photographers in a number of countries around the world to capture New Year's Eve festivities with photos taken on iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus devices, according to CNN. ... 20 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a G-Drive USB-C SSD or HDD From G-Technology 3 days ago on Mac Blog For this week’s giveaway, we’ve teamed up with G-Technology to offer MacRumors readers a chance to win either a 1TB G-Drive Slim USB-C SSD or a 1TB G-Drive Mobile USB-C hard drive. The G-Drive... 20 comments Apple to Bolster Presence in India Through Tax Concessions and New Factories 3 days ago on iOS Blog Following reports this month that Apple has been in talks to manufacture its products locally in India, as well as set up a distribution center in the country, an article by Bloomberg today suggests... 30 comments Foxconn Details Three-Phase Plan to Eventually 'Automate Entire Factories' in China 3 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn is deploying a plan broken down into three phases that will eventually "automate entire factories" in China (via DigiTimes). According to the general manager of Foxconn's... 69 comments Facebook and Google Dominate 'Top Smartphone Apps of 2016' List, While Apple Music Ranks 9th 4 days ago on iOS Blog A new trend study published by Nielsen this week looks into the top smartphone apps of 2016, as well as the operating systems that the apps were downloaded on. This year within the United States,... 30 comments Kanex Announces GoPower Watch Stand and Mini Keychain Battery for Apple Watch 4 days ago on iOS Blog Kanex today announced two additional devices to its line of GoPower Apple Watch accessories: the GoPower Watch Stand and GoPower Watch Mini. The two new accessories join the GoPower Watch Portable... 34 comments • Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey Says a Form of Editing is Needed (41) • Twitter's Periscope Now Supports 360-Degree Live Videos (5) • Lenovo Announces New 'ThinkPad' Docks Equipped With Thunderbolt 3 and USB-C Ports (66) • Hulu Inks Exclusive Streaming Deal With Disney, Gains 50+ New Titles (47) • Apple Watch Owners Notified of Upcoming 'Ring In the New Year' Activity Achievement (71) • LEDVANCE Announces HomeKit-Enabled 'Sylvania Smart Multicolor Bulb' That Doesn't Need Central Hub (35) • Video Converter 'Handbrake 1.0' Released for Mac After 13 Years in Beta (95)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Snowball!' Review - Pinball in a Winter Wonderland 'Island Delta' Review - Heavy is the Hand That Wields the Gravity Gun Update Mondays: 'Daddy Long Legs', 'Subway Surfers', 'Shadowverse', 'Warp Shift', and (Not Many) More 2016 Recap, Best of and Best Stories - The TouchArcade Show #288 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Don't Starve: Shipwrecked' AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
TRENDING: Sentry acquires healthcare intelligence service provide... 2020: Digital skills to boost economic output by $2T Catapult moves beyond Microsoft Dynamics; partners with... About Us Contact Us Authors Techseen Code About Us Contact Us Authors Techseen Code Select Page BlueData raises $20M, aims to expand Big Data footprint The company has also announced to have signed a deal with Intel to design and develop its products on Intel Xenon Processor Technology Big Data Company, BlueData that designs and develops software for deployment of big data systems and applications for companies, claims to have raised $20 million in Series C funding. The investment round was led by Intel Capital along with participation from existing investors including Amplify Partners, Atlantic Bridge, and Ignition Partners. The company has also hinted at the involvement of an undisclosed, new key investor. The fresh flow of funds will be used to scale and bolster the company’s footprint in the Big Data world. The firm also plans to bolster its software development and innovation, along with expanding its engineering, sales, business development and marketing teams. As a part of the deal, Doug Fisher, Senior Vice President and General Manager, Software and Services Group, Intel will join the board of directors at BlueData. This marks the third Intel Capital investment in BlueData since 2012. “The value of Big Data is huge, and the interest among enterprises continues to grow. BlueData’s software platform complements Intel’s initiatives in Apache Hadoop and Apache Spark, as well as our technology advancements in data center virtualization and container technology on Intel architecture,” said Fisher. While, BlueData offers Big-Data-as-a-Service (BDaaS) to install Hadoop and Spark infrastructure on-premises or in the public cloud, its virtualization software, BlueData EPIC (Elastic Private Instant Clusters) claims to help companies with Hadoop and Spark adoption with data and analytical tools in virtual environments. Reportedly, it also delivers Hadoop-as-a-Service in an on-premises deployment model, with the enterprise-grade security and governance that IT teams require. Also Read:  HAE Innovations launches IoT test platform, IoPass In addition, the company has also announced to have signed a partnership with Intel which will see BlueData optimize and develop its software on Intel Xeon processor technology. This could mean good business for Intel and hiked chip sales. The agreement aims at accelerating big data adoption for enterprises by simplifying deployment. And on the other hand, the chipmaker will “focus its engineering and marketing resources on the joint engineering roadmap and joint customer acquisition.” Brian Krzanich, CEO, Intel, said: Intel architecture provides a high-performance, secure, robust foundation for big data analytics. BlueData’s innovative software delivers the simplicity, agility and efficiency of big data-as-a-service in an on-premises model. Together, we are focused on bringing big data into the mainstream and unlocking the value for our enterprise customers. Kumar Sreekanti, Co-Founder and CEO, BlueData, stated: “This strategic collaboration with Intel will help advance BlueData’s mission of making it easy to deploy big data infrastructure. Our software platform simplifies the complexity, reduces the cost and delivers faster time to value for big data initiatives.” Our go-to-market relationship and joint product development with Intel will allow enterprises to accelerate their deployment of Hadoop and Spark, and deliver on the promise of big data analytics. He also believes, while infrastructure is the foundation, it will be the apps that drive adoption of Big Data solutions. In another company blog, Sreekanti continued, “To simplify the consumption model for Big Data, enterprises need a self-service ‘app store’ experience on their infrastructure. They need a solution that can obscure the complexity of Big Data infrastructure to deploy these new apps in minutes, instead of weeks or months. This is BlueData’s vision.” Also Read:  Skyhigh raises $40M, aims to expand leadership in cloud security market Be the first to comment Author Sushri Sahu The left of all things right, Sushri Sahu is a journo of the tech-psyched world. ReadMore The left of all things right, Sushri Sahu is a journo of the tech-psyched world. Economy and Enterprise are her keen interests. She holds huge love for everything French and fine in life. PUBLISHED ON Aug 26, 2016 FILED UNDER Cloud, Data & Analytics, Investment, News TAGS BDaaS, Big Data, BlueData, BlueData EPIC, Brian Krzanich, Chip, Funding, Hadoop, Intel, Intel Capital, Kumar Sreekanti, Series C, Spark SHARE WITH Subscribe to Techseen newsletter NextRingCentral, Okta to unify business processes PreviousSoon Singapore can hail out to nuTonomy’s ‘robo-taxi’ About Us Contact Us Authors Techseen Code
null
tp:news tp:research tp:events Edition: International Nederlands Log in Register Products 0 Article Binder Edition: International Nederlands Log in Article Binder 0 Products Telecompaper Loading... 0 Sections Subscriptions Home : Wireless : Broadband : Video General IT : Industry Resources : Jobs : Calendar Subscriptions General China cybersecurity body welcomes foreigh tech companies Friday 26 August 2016 | 09:25 CET | News China has allowed Microsoft, Cisco, Intel and IBM to join its Technical Committee 260 (TC260) , part of the government's cyberspace administration and in charge of defining cybersecurity standards, the Wall Street Journal reported. The companies will now be able to take an active part in drafting rules, rather than participating only as observers, sources familiar with the discussions said. Representatives from Microsoft and Cisco confirmed the companies are members. IBM and Intel were not immediately available for comment. Over the past few months, the committee's seven working groups, which Thank you for visiting Telecompaper We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Sign up below to get access to the rest of this article and all the telecom news you need. Register free and gain access to even more articles from Telecompaper. Register here Subscribe and get unlimited access to Telecompaper’s full coverage, with a customised choice of news, commentary, research and alerts. Subscriptions Already registered? Remember me Free Headlines in your E-mail Every day we send out a free e-mail with the most important headlines of the last 24 hours. Subscribe now Categories: General Companies: Cisco / IBM / Intel / Microsoft Countries: China / World ::: add a comment Add comment 
 Register an account with Telecompaper We welcome comments that add value to the discussion. We attempt to block comments that use offensive language or appear to be spam, and our editors frequently review the comments to ensure they are appropriate. If you see a comment that you believe is inappropriate to the discussion, you can bring it to our attention by using the report abuse links. As the comments are written and submitted by visitors of the Telecompaper website, they in no way represent the opinion of Telecompaper. Related IBM invests USD 200 mln in cybersecurity Published 17 Nov 2016 08:07 CET | United States IBM Security announced a major expansion of its incident response capabilities, including new facilities, services and software ... China adopts cybersecurity law Published 07 Nov 2016 18:04 CET | China China has adopted a cybersecurity law. China says the new law will counter growing threats such as hacking and terrorism, Reuters ... Czech govt rejects Huawei technology on security grounds Published 09 Sep 2016 10:41 CET | Czech Republic The Czech Ministry of the Interior has rejected Huawei technology, after the Czech intelligence service evaluated it as a ... General 2 Jan Azerbaijan govt announces ICT development road map Azerbaijan | News 2 Jan Kike publishes guidelines for new consumer, EU rules Poland | News 2 Jan DeTe board members Nemat, Gopalan take on new functions Europe | News 2 Jan T-Systems Austria unveils 2 new board members Austria | News 2 Jan Russian telecom ministry names development director Russian Federation | News 2 Jan Teo, Omnitel B2B head resigns Lithuania | News 2 Jan Orange Spain to raise convergent plan prices in February Spain | News 2 Jan AllTele names new CEO, CFO after completing T3 deal Sweden | News 2 Jan Spanish govt gives EUR 20 mln to youth ICT job training Spain | News 2 Jan German federal minister wants creation of Digital Ministry Germany | News ::: more general Related Info IBM invests USD 200 mln in cybersecurity 17 Nov 2016 | United States | News China adopts cybersecurity law 7 Nov 2016 | China | News Czech govt rejects Huawei technology on security grounds 9 Sep 2016 | Czech Republic | News 116,000,000 German mobile Sims Germany  |  2016Q3 ::: more facts & figures Market Commentary 30 Dec 16 Main TV viewing time falling as tablet, VoD take over 30 Dec 16 T-Mobile looks to force change in net neutrality law through courts 27 Dec 16 Preview 2017: Dutch telecom market set for dramatic changes 12 Dec 16 Zero-rated data tests EU stance on net neutrality 14 Nov 16 T-Mobile NL sacrifices margin for market share in Q3 ::: more market commentary Background Articles 1 Jan Apple, Samsung and Google greatly expanded their mobile payment reach in 2016 29 Dec 16 Self-driving car market still 10 years away 29 Dec 16 Belgian operators cut opex ahead of increase in capex 19 Dec 16 Deutsche Telekom, partners on track with smart home 16 Dec 16 5G: a big step forward but still business as usual ::: more background articles Calendar   /   Industry Events 05 Jan CES 2017 ::: More Calendar Items 17 Jan 5th Annual Telecoms Fraud ::: More Industry Events Twitter ::: follow Telecompaper on Twitter ::: follow Facebook ::: like Telecompaper on Facebook ::: like LinkedIn ::: connect with Telecompaper on LinkedIn ::: connect Free Headlines ::: subscribe now Telecompaper We have been keeping professionals in the telecoms industry up-to-date since 2000. Telecompaper is a well respected, independent research and publishing company focussed on the telecommunications industry. tp:news tp:research tp:events This Site My account Alerts Subscriptions Products iPhone app Syndication FAQ / Help Advertise Press Contact Jobs Industry events Contact Information Corporate HQ Standerdmolen 20-III 3995 AA Houten The Netherlands Phone: +31 30 6349600 Fax: +31 30 6349699 Legal Information © 2000 - 2017 Telecom.paper BV. All rights reserved. Telecompaper is a trademark of Telecom.paper BV. No part of this site can be reproduced without the expressed permission of Telecom.paper BV. Our General Terms and Conditions can be found here. Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Terms and Conditions OK For optimum operation, this website makes use of cookies. For more information click here.
null
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Storage Components News 3 Intel SSD 600p Series mainstream M.2 PCIe SSDs announced by Mark Tyson on 26 August 2016, 10:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac56w Add to My Vault: Intel has announced a whole host of new SSDs. All of them use the latest 3D TLC (Tri-level cell) NAND from Micron. To address various market segments Intel has new products for mainstream consumers – the SSD 600p Series, businesses and professionals – the SSD Pro 6000p Series, Data Centre – the SSD DC P3520 Series and SSD DC S3520 Series, and for IoT – the SSD E 6000p Series and SSD E 5420s Series. It is the consumer targeted Intel SSD 600p Series storage that we will focus on in the following news report. The new Intel SSD 600p Series proudly boasts that it is bringing PCIe to the mainstream. These drives make use of the increasingly popular M.2 form factor with PCIe Gen 3 x4 NVMe interface. Intel promises that the SSD 600p Series will "take PCs to a new level of responsiveness," offering performance about 3x faster than a SATA SSD but with similar pricing (to high-end SATA SSDs). For a brief rundown of the drives in the range and their suggested pricing in US dollars check out the chart below: Capacity Sequential read (MB/s) Sequential write (MB/s) Random read (IOPS) Random write (IOPS) Suggested USD price 128 GB 770 450 35,000 91,000 $69.00 256GB 1570 540 71,000 112,000 $104.00 512GB 1775 560 128,500 128,000 $189.00 1024GB 1800 560 155,000 128,000 $359.00   The lowest capacity drive offers a cost per gigabyte of 53 cents while the largest drive brings this value metric down to 35 cents. Other key specifications of these above SSDs are; a life expectancy of 1.6 million hours (MTBF) backed by an Intel 5 year warranty, they are 80mm long and 1.5mm thick (single sided designs), weigh 40g, and consume 100mW of power when active, 40mW when idle, and 5mW when in sleep state. Intel's SSD Pro 6000p Series offer the same headline sizes, read/write, and IOPS performance figures as the SSD 600p Series but are priced an extra $10 at each capacity. The only difference seems to be some different firmware / software to specifically support client and workstation management, and features such as Intel Remote Secure Erase. Most of the above products become available starting from next week but the 1TB drives arrive later, in Q4 this year. Related Reading 14 Day 21: Win a 1TB Crucial MX300 SSD We have not one but two 1TB drives waiting to be won. 0 SK hynix to invest $1.8 billion in NAND production facility New facility construction will begin in August 2017, hoping to complete by June 2018. 15 Day 10: Win a Synology NAS and Router Bundle We have a DiskStation DS416 and an RT1900ac router up for grabs! Nvidia begins marketing a 'PC Gaming Revival Kit' Day 7: Win a Qnap TS-231+ Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz Intel seeks to adapt silicon transistors to quantum computing Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU HEXUS Forums :: 3 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by mapesdhs - Tue 30 Aug 2016 14:46 Why no comment in the article on the comparatively low sequential write numbers? And why on earth are they bothering with a 128GB model? Posted by whatif - Tue 30 Aug 2016 23:34 The 256Gb, and up, models seem like a good dollar vs performance value option with good IOP's on the 512GB and up, definitely a lot faster sequential read speeds than SATA variants. But wonder why the sequential write speeds are so slow (relatively speaking). I suppose it may be because the average mainstream user will not be doing a lot of write intensive actions, so they focused more on getting good read speeds (eg - at about 3 times the speed of a average SATA M.2, it means even faster boot times) to keep the price lower, plus the performance user will be looking more at higher spec, more expensive models anyway. Though I am not to sure about the 128GB version - it's read speed drops dramatically when compared to the others - overall it's performance does not look that much different compared to standard SATA models. Wonder how hot these get when worked hard, maybe that has something to do with the specs. I am no expert on these (I have a now old Samsung xp941 512GB with heatsinks and a tiny fan mounted on it to help stop it from overheating and throttling), but that is how I see it. Posted by uBronan - Sun 11 Sep 2016 10:26 Its easy why they sell 128 Gb ssd's think about small laptops and nuc's, bricks Why would anyone need larger drives on those, 128 Gb is enough to run the the os and some applications one needs. More is overkill and nonsense. The fact that they are slower is also normal, any ssd gets faster when they have more storage chips connected to the controller. These days storage chips are often 1 size fits them all, thats why you hardly see smaller ones these days 128,256,512 and upwards. Each step up is another chip added to the controller, history learns the more chips the controller has to write the data the faster it will be stored. Its more complicated but this gives you an idea why the larger are faster. Why the sequential writes are so much slower is beyond me, however i am glad that intel is bringing some competition on the market. But they have to matchup a bit more to get people to buy them. Because most competition drives have minimal double the sequential write speeds of these. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,247 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 309 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:15 GMT +303 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search China Invites Microsoft, Intel to Join Elaboration of Cybersecurity Standards © Photo: Pixabay Military & Intelligence 10:25 26.08.2016(updated 10:26 26.08.2016) Get short URL 133231 Chinese authorities have invited foreign hi-tech companies to participate in activities of the government committee aimed at elaboration of cybersecurity rules for such companies. MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The Wall Street Journal reported that Beijing had allowed Microsoft Corp., Intel Corp., Cisco Systems Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) to join the activities of China's Technical Committee 260 (TC260), which was responsible for defining of standards in the sphere of cybersecurity. © Flickr/ Yuri Samoilov Germany, China Working on Cybersecurity Agreement - German AmbassadorThe newspaper added that IBM and Intel had not commented the information, but Microsoft and Cisco reported that they had joined the initiative. According to the media outlet, China has been paying special attention to the issue of its technical supplies' security after US whistleblower Edward Snowden's revelations about Washington's use of US-developed products for espionage. In 2013, Snowden leaked a cache of intelligence documents revealing widespread US surveillance practices at home and abroad. Snowden is currently living in exile in Russia, and faces charges of espionage and theft of government property in the United States. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: Senior US Official Travels to Israel for Talks on Cybersecurity Russia Indicates Readiness to Resume Cybersecurity Cooperation With UK EU Launches Cybersecurity Partnership With $2Bln Investment Potential EU Commissioner VP Welcome Bloc's New Cybersecurity Rules Tags: cybersecurity, IBM, Cisco, Microsoft, Intel, Edward Snowden, China TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Jammy 12:15 26.08.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Microsoft is all about spying on users and that is why it's full of back doors and microsoft has 50 million IP-Adresses that can be used by our PC too call home. Why would China want anything to do with them is above me or does China like the NSA spying on them too.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 04:45This is What’s Wrong With Self-Driving Cars: People 04:41Turkish Army Kills 22 Daesh Militants, Destroys 111 Targets in Syria - Reports 04:11UK Police Shoot Man Dead in 'Pre-Planned Operation' in Huddersfield 03:59Trump Says He Won't Allow North Korean Missiles to Reach US Soil 03:36Bolton: For Better US-Russia Relations, Putin Must Change AttitudeAll news No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 15723 The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels 10013 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 8779 Happy New Year, America! The Message of Putin's Response to New US Sanctions 8668 How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 7400All news How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 99 Kissinger's Possible Role in US-Russia Normalization is 'Great News for Moscow' 60 No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 51 Dashed Hopes: EU Wanted to 'Break Ukraine Away From Russia, Not Integrate It' 47 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 39All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia's Largest Car Manufacturer Celebrates 85 Years of Service Hit the Road Barack 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok

Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Lanner Electronics Inc. Press Release Receive press releases from Lanner Electronics Inc.: By Email RSS Feeds: Lanner Adds NCA-1210 Into Its Expanding Compact Network Appliance Lineup NCA-1210 comes in compact desktop form factor, ideal for branch office and retail environment. As a wireless security router for such environment, NCA-1210 is built in a x86 open architecture for flexibility to run various software. New Taipei City, Taiwan, August 26, 2016 --(PR.com)-- For the wide spread adoptions of edge security gateways and virtual CPE, Lanner, a global leader in network appliance design and manufacturing, has added NCA-1210, a compact desktop network platform based on Intel Atom C2358/C2558 CPU (codenamed “Rangeley”), Intel QuickAssist Technology, four RJ-45 GbE LANs and four antenna holes. NCA-1210 is a value combination of form factor and computing processor. The compact desktop empowered by Intel Atom C2358/C2558 CPU proves to be the cost-effective network gateway for small and medium enterprises, retail, branch office and other edge security applications. The processor delivers ideal performance and power balance and is programmed with Intel QuickAssist Technology for accelerated cryptographic engine. Though in compact desktop form factor, NCA-1210 supports DDR3 1333 or 1600 MHz up to 16GB, offering high memory efficiency. Regarding the I/O interface, NCA-1210 comes with four RJ-45 GbE LAN ports, one RJ-45 console port, two USB 2.0 Type-A ports and four SMA antenna holes. The LAN ports are programmed with one pair of LAN bypass. Internally, the system integrates Marvell 88E1543 Quad PHY for improved networking capability. For wireless connectivity, NCA-1210 supports dual mini-PCIe slots. For cooling purpose, NCA-1210 supports one cooling fan. NCA-1210 Compact x86 Desktop Network Appliance with Intel Atom C2000 SoC CPU - Intel Atom C2358/2558 CPU with built-in Intel QuickAssist technology - 4x GbE RJ45, 1x RJ45 console, 2x USB and 4x antenna holes - Supports up to 16GB DDR3 memory - Marvell 88E1543 Quad PHY - Supports Gen.3 LAN bypass function (SKU A/C) - Dual Mini-PCIe Slots with SIM card support - Supports smart fan control (NCA-1210A) - Optional rack mounting kit About Lanner Electronics Inc. Lanner Electronics Inc. (TAIEX 6245) is a world-leading hardware provider in design, engineering, and manufacturing services for advanced network appliances and rugged industrial computers. With 30-year experiences, Lanner provides reliable and cost-effective computing platforms with high quality and performance. Today, Lanner has a large and dynamic manpower of over 800 well-experienced employees worldwide with the headquarters in Taipei, Taiwan and subsidiaries in the US, Canada, and China. Contact Information Lanner Electronics Inc. Tiana Wang 886286926060 Contact www.lannerinc.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Lanner Electronics Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Will There Be Any Takers for Intel Corporation’s 22-Nanometer Technology? Intel's attempts to win foundry business using older-generation manufacturing technologies may be in vain. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Aug 25, 2016 at 8:23PM Image source: Intel.  Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) went into some detail about its plans to build up its contract chip manufacturing business, known as Intel Custom Foundry. According to the company, it offers three main manufacturing technologies to prospective clients: 22-nanometer, 14-nanometer, and 10-nanometer. The smaller the number, the more advanced the technology is when comparing two technologies from the same manufacturer. Interestingly, in an interview with Semiconductor Engineering, Intel's Mark Bohr had the following to say with respect to the company's 22-nanometer offerings: Over time, our 22 [nanometer] platform may become more attractive to customers that are more at the trailing edge. As people look to move forward from 28 [nanometer] today, they may look at Intel 22 [nanometer] and 14 [nanometer] as options. There are also people on 40 [nanometer] today that are still thinking about going to 28 [nanometer] or 22 [nanometer]. Although on the surface this argument seems pretty reasonable, I don't think Intel will see many, if any, takers going forward on this technology. Here's why. The competition is quite fierce Intel faces some very stiff competition from Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) for the customers that the former would like to court to use its 22-nanometer manufacturing technology. On one hand, TSMC has continued to offer cost/performance enhanced variants of its 28-nanometer technology over time, such as 28 HPC and 28 HPC+. On the other, TSMC is also offering a cost-reduced variant of its 16-nanometer technology known as 16FFC. So, in terms of cost-optimized relatively high-performance processes, Intel's 22-nanometer technology gets squeezed in between TSMC's 28 nanometer HPC+, which I suspect offers worse performance than Intel's 22-nanometer tech but is cheaper, and TSMC's 16-nanometer FFC, which should offer more performance than Intel's 22-nanometer technology but could be more expensive. I just can't see 22-nanometer doing particularly well with fabless customers -- customers who outsource fabrication, particularly given the breadth and depth of TSMC's offerings targeted at such customers. Where Intel's foundry biz can create value In general, I don't think Intel Custom Foundry will be all that successful in winning business from customers that are looking for "yesterday's technology on the cheap." In fact, the only reason I can see Intel Custom Foundry potentially succeeding is in offering differentiated solutions for customers looking for performance that they can't get from other manufacturing partners. To that end, I can see Intel's 14-nanometer technology potentially winning away business that might have otherwise gone to TSMC's 16-nanometer technology, and Intel's 10-nanometer technology being used to lure customers who might have chosen TSMC's 10-nanometer or 7-nanometer technologies instead. That being said, aside from the recently announced deals with LG, Spreadtrum, a company in which Intel owns a partial stake, and Altera, now owned by Intel, Intel's foundry business doesn't seem to have gained a ton of traction. Before investors declare victory for Intel or doom and gloom for TSMC, I recommend waiting two to three years to see if Intel can land significant wins with its leading-edge technology. If Intel can actually drive significant volumes of third-party chips on its older 22-nanometer technology, I would be beyond surprised. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Aug 25, 2016 at 8:23PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing NYSE:TSM $28.75 down $0.38 (-1.30%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Will There Be Any Takers for Intel Corporation’s 22-Nanometer Technology? #stocks $TSM, $INTC
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Intel serves up affordable new SSDs with stacked… Intel serves up affordable new SSDs with stacked 3D NAND storage By Kevin Parrish — August 25, 2016 3:23 PM Subscribe Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Just days after the company wrapped up its developer forum in San Francisco, Intel unleashed a new set of solid state drives (SSDs) based on 3D NAND Tri-Level Cell (TLC) flash storage. Not to be confused with Intel’s upcoming Optane-branded SSDs based on 3D XPoint technology, these new units address the consumer, data center, Internet of Things, and business markets with a new cost-effective replacement for hard drives. On the consumer front, the company introduced the Intel SSD 600p series. They’re offered in a stick-like 80mm single-sided M.2 form factor that connects to an NVMe or PCIe 3.0 (x4) slot, providing capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB. The sequential read/write and random read/write speeds vary between all models, with sequential reads ranging from 770MB/s to 1,800MB/s, and sequential writes spanning 450MB/s to 560MB/s. The random reads are between 35,000 IOPS and 155,000 IOPS, and the random writes are between 91,000 IOPS and 128,000 IOPS. Related: Super-thin laptops based on Intel’s “Apollo Lake” CPUs may ditch replaceable RAM The big deal with these SSDs is that they’re based on 3D NAND instead of traditional NAND. On a whole, SSDs are better than hard drives because data is stored in stationary compartments, rather than on a spinning magnetic platter. However, 3D NAND is better than vanilla NAND because the latter spreads those compartments across a limited, flat neighborhood, while the former stacks compartments vertically like a skyscraper. Thus, if you look at those storage capacities offered in Intel’s new SSDs, the company managed to cram all that space in such a small form factor by stacking memory, not spreading it all out. 3D NAND is faster, as well, because the skyscraper floors are connected by elevator shafts that data uses to travel up and down. Regular NAND utilizes something like a city-wide grid that connects all the cells together with streets that the data must use to travel from point A to point B. “Designed for a range of devices from desktops to laptops, the Intel SSD 600p Series will effortlessly manage demanding consumer client applications and easily handle intense multi-tasking,” the company said on Thursday. “The SSD 600p Series will take PCs to a new level of responsiveness with fast application launches and file loading.” According to Intel, the new 600p series will extend battery life in a notebook thanks to several built-in low power modes. Consumers could see idle power consumption reduced by up to 90 percent when compared to a typical 2.5-inch laptop hard drive. Power is reduced from watts to milliwatts, and if customers throw a sixth-generation Intel Core processor into the mix, those milliwatts could be reduced down even further into microwatts, the company states. That said, the new 600p Series has a typical power consumption of 100 milliwatts while active, 40 milliwatts when idle, and 5 milliwatts during sleep. Other highlights outlined by Intel include AES 256-bit self-encryption, a five-year warranty, and support for the company’s Solid State Drive Toolbox with Intel SSD Optimizer software suite. For business customers, Intel now offers the SSD Pro 6000P Series with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB. Like the consumer models, they’re based on the M.2 form factor and support the PCIe 3.0 (x4) interface. Several solutions for data center applications can be found here as well, and a model for Internet of Things applications right here (SSD E 6000P Series). As for pricing, the consumer models range from $70 to $360, whereas the business-class models range from $80 to $365 in price. The difference between the consumer and business models is that the latter versions include remote management capabilities, enterprise-grade security, and more business-oriented goodies. Also watch: Share
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Software  »  Security  »  News Researchers quell Wildfire ransomware with decryption key by Robert Abel  |  Friday 26 August 2016  | Comment Now Intel and Kaspersky researchers developed a free decryption tool for victims of the Wildfire variant of ransomware. Intel and Kaspersky researchers developed a free decryption tool for victims of the Wildfire variant of ransomware. Threat actors behind the ransomware used spam emails containing macros to infect users before demanding a ransom of 1.5 bitcoin, according to a 23 August  Intel Security blog post. Wildfire is classified as a “local threat” as it targeted users in Belgium and the Netherlands with malicious emails disguised as missed package delivery notifications containing instructions on how to schedule a new delivery by filling out a “special form,” which actually contains the malware. READ NEXT: New malware campaign spreads backdoors instead of ransomware Kaspersky researchers observed more than 5,700 infections and said 236 users paid a total of almost $US78,869.00 in order to retrieve their files although researchers noted some users may have negotiated their payments down, according to an Aug. 23 Kaspersky blogpost. This article originally appeared at scmagazineuk.com Related Articles RansomFree keeps your PC safe from ransomware This ransomware will let you off the hook if you sell out your friends Review: Intel 600p SSD 512GB San Francisco public transport ticket system shut down by ransomware ESET releases Crysis ransomware decryptor tool Source: Copyright © SC Magazine, UK edition See more about:  decryption key  |  intel  |  kaspersky  |  ransomware  |  wildfire   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   The phone bed is the most ludicrous product you'll see today     SpaceX promises internet for all, with a little help from 4,425 satellites     Apple’s fancy new Mac book is $US199     Silicon Valley wants California to leave the USA after Trump win     Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016   More in Security (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Comodo Antivirus, Firewall and Internet Security 10 released << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (2 of 10 articles) NEWS RansomFree keeps your PC safe from ransomware << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (3 of 10 articles) NEWS IObit Advanced SystemCare Ultimate 10 strengthens protection, tweaks optimization tools << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (4 of 10 articles) NEWS This ransomware will let you off the hook if you sell out your friends << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (5 of 10 articles) NEWS PowerShell threats surge: 95.4% of analysed scripts were malicious << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (6 of 10 articles) NEWS Malwarebytes 3.0 aims to replace your antivirus << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (7 of 10 articles) NEWS ESET releases Crysis ransomware decryptor tool << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (8 of 10 articles) NEWS VirusTotal adds WhiteArmor to its lineup << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (9 of 10 articles) NEWS YouTubers sell phishing kits in plain view << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> More in Security (10 of 10 articles) NEWS NirSoft releases GUIPropView 1.0 << Prev Next >> View all Security articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Security News Comodo Antivirus, Firewall and Internet Security 10 released Review Labs Brief: SecuraLive Antivirus Feature The Big Question: What's the best password manager? Group Test Group Test: Switch your antivirus Gallery Photos: AusCERT 2012 day one A-list Product Kaspersky Total Security From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Gear S3: Samsung's long-lasting smartwatch reviewed Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible The best tech products of 2016 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Australian telco year in review: the 10 biggest stories A year of deals! 26 Australian reseller mergers in 2016 The top 10 data centre stories of 2016 The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Former Toll CIO lands at Essential Energy Photos: The tech that used to run the Commonwealth Bank Telcos take ACCAN to task Ex-CBA IT exec sentenced to 3.5 years in jail for bribery 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Star Wars Battlefront’s Scarif DLC fails to impress 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Tue, Jan 3, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Karlin Lillington: After 25 years, Linux’s world domination is coming along nicely Back in the 1990s, it was a major surprise when Intel and Netscape invested in the OS Thu, Aug 25, 2016, 05:05 Karlin Lillington Co-founders of Red Hat Robert Young (left) and Marc Ewing in 1998. Photograph: Candice C Cusic/AP         In 1998, while out in California, I received a press notification for what looked to be an unusually compelling panel at an annual conference of internet service providers (be still, my geek heart) in San Jose. The chief executive of Red Hat, a little company offering a supported version of the operating system Linux, was to make an announcement. Also on the panel were a top executive from Intel and one from Netscape, internet pioneer Marc Andreessen’s company which, at the time, offered the most popular internet browser. The panel would also include the Finn Linus Torvalds, the creator of Linux, which turns a mature 25 this month. Torvalds was, and remains, a geek superstar guaranteed to draw adulatory crowds of programmers and system administrators. He was not a person one expected to see seated in an on-stage semi-circle with companies such as Intel and Netscape. I signed up for a press pass immediately. I’d actually have gone along just to see Torvalds. I liked his dry sense of humour, which included his semi-joking advocacy of, as his trademark quip went, the eventual “total world domination” of his namesake operating system (OS). But looking at that panel, anyone with a news sense could sniff something else was going to be in the air besides geek chat. This curious line-up must have a purpose. And, of course, it did: a truly groundbreaking moment for Linux. Here’s what I wrote at the time. “Intel and Netscape announced they had taken an equity stake in the tiny North Carolina company Red Hat. That means that Red Hat now will get access to the same advance information on Intel’s upcoming chip technologies as Microsoft. It means two of the biggest tech heavyweights are backing Linux as an OS for the corporate market. The entry for Linux is the server market for internet and intranet applications – the kind of applications Netscape makes, while high-end chips for servers are what Intel most likes to sell. ADVERTISEMENT “All in all, an interesting little marriage.” Renegade Given the surreptitious, renegade rise and rise of Linux, it was an extraordinary breakthrough. Linux was, at the time, the dirty little secret at many of the largest companies in the world. Many sysadmins down in the basement rooms of Fortune 500 companies were running internal networks, and those newfangled websites every company was then getting, on Linux, often without anyone in the executive suite being aware of it. That’s because the C-suite would likely have freaked out. Linux didn’t come from a big company with sales representatives, support teams and liability insurance. Oh no. It was an open source OS and distributed under the GPL (General Public License) meaning all its code was public and could be worked on, debugged and improved by anyone. If someone using Linux had a problem, they could post about it in various forums, and others would step in and help. For free. By 1998, thousands of programmers all over the world had contributed to the kernel – the core code – of Linux. it was considered more stable, reliable and – in that special term of admiration used by coders – elegant than other options, such as Windows. By 1998, too, a few big tech-oriented organisations were revealing that they happily relied on Linux: Nasa, for example, and the stars of the rising young computer-special-effects industry. Notably, the movie Titanic’s special effects were powered by Linux. Red Hat was one of several small new companies building a business by offering a branded “distribution” of Linux and offering formal technical support. Now, here on stage, were two big companies – one in computing, one in the new internet sector – saying they’d invested in Red Hat. Shortly afterwards, in 2000, technology behemoth IBM surprised many by announcing a Linux strategy, a sure sign of Linux going into the corporate mainstream. Not everyone who loved Linux and open-source software was thrilled. Much debate ensued – and continues in this strongly opinionated, passionate community – over whether the OS might become too commercialised or start to “fork” (as the term goes) into too many sub-versions or even proprietary versions. Success Yet what a success Linux has become. A well-regarded 2008 Linux Foundation study valued the Linux kernel at $1.4 billion and estimated it would cost nearly $11 billion to develop the Fedora Linux distribution from scratch. Its whole ecosystem was valued at $25 billion. These days, Linux distributions (and related open-source software) are widely used across the globe. Linux is ubiquitous in the corporate world. The C-suite doesn’t panic. Thinking back to when I sat in that audience in 1998, I definitely was excited about the announcement and where things might go. But, especially in that overwhelmingly Windows-dominated time, I sure didn’t imagine Linux would be as mainstream as it is today. So now, as Linux turns 25, here’s a tip of the hat (red or otherwise) to the mighty little OS’s power, appeal and durability. In other words, its total world domination.       Topics: Linus Torvalds Marc Andreessen Linux Foundation Nasa IBM Intel Microsoft Netscape Red Hat California San Jose Read More Huge implications of technology-sector issues in coming year Meath council ‘cyberattack’ was just old-fashioned fraud Dear technology sector: please download a spine Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Transport & Tourism Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now Work Millennials start new year with old-school paper diaries and pens English Soccer Jermain Defoe double leaves Liverpool frustrated Innovation Wexford teen creates iOS app for US software giant Salesforce Sponsored Making a difficult fertility journey a lot less lonely Redbreast Lustau: an old friend with a new whiskey perspective Infertility and the workplace: one woman's experience Do you know how much you’ll save by switching health plan? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Irish property prices to increase by at least 8% in 2017 01:00 European shares lifted by positive manufacturing data 18:15 Michael ‘Kell’ Ryan, brother of Ryanair founder, dies in England 17:10 Dollar recovers from two-week lows in thin market trading 15:24 More than 2,000 jobs saved by examinership in 2016 14:22 ADVERTISEMENT Tech Tools Review: Souped-up PlayStation 4 Pro offers beautiful 4K gaming If virtual reality is important to you and your gaming future, the Pro is an obvious choice GoPro Hero5 raises the bar for action cameras Tech Tools: Cutting-edge device shoots in ultra-high quality 4k and features voice commands A smartphone magnifier for a tech lover’s stocking Tech Tools: We may have reached peak smartphone tat with this item, though it is oddly alluring Star Wars Battle Quads: drones sold as collectors’ items Tech Tools: without a camera, these drones are designed for a love of flying and battling Most Read in Business 1 Irish property prices to increase by at least 8% in 2017 2 Why Ryanair is offering package holidays now 3 New year: Five ways tech can spring clean your life 4 Braced for Brexit – and the death of Queen Elizabeth 5 AIB steps up High Court pursuit of unsecured borrowers 6 Deutsche Bank chairman rules out European merger 7 Chris Johns: Forecasts provide a buffer against inconvenient uncertainty 8 Tourism Ireland ready for ‘EastEnders’ spin-off publicity blitz 9 Jazz Pharma named as Barclays stock pick for 2017 10 What is the real purpose of the Christmas party? Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Web Log eHarmony relaunches dating app in time for new year Facebook Messenger camera gets festive makeover Search trends unveil inner Ireland Web Log: Google warns over ‘right to be forgotten’ Web Log: Mars One’s Red Planet mission delayed five years Game Reviews Pokemon Go Review   Gotta catch ‘em all? Be prepared for the long haul Gordon Ramsay Dash   If you can’t stand the heat... Preview: EA’S UFC 2   Step into the Octagon Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper eBooks Subscriber Rewards IT Sunday Email Newsletters Breaking news app My Account Newspaper Archive Crossword Club Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Tue 3/1/2017 News Year in Review State Papers Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox My Account Manage your account The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,558 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home Articles Displays & Projectors VR Intel shows Merged Reality Technologies at IDF 2016 Intel showed a full mix of new Merged Reality technologies last week at IDF 2016 that means exciting things for 2017 and beyond. By: Steven Bassiri | VR in Displays & Projectors | Posted: Aug 25, 2016 11:03 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Page 1 [Project Alloy and Windows Holographic] Page 1 [Project Alloy and Windows Holographic] Page 2 [WiGig / Thunderbolt 3] Page 3 [USB PD 3.0, Audio, and Display] Page 4 [Will the iGP be Important Again?] Project Alloy and Windows Holographic     Last week at the Intel Developer Forum (IDF 2016) in San Fransico, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveiled Intel's vision for the future of virtual and augmented reality; merged reality (MR). Virtual reality is, of course, a buzz word, but Intel's dedication to the VR/AR scene can't be overlooked. Throughout IDF 2016, multiple new and cutting edge technologies were displayed; half the time I couldn't help but realize that they are all small pieces to a much bigger puzzle.       I saw Intel's Project Alloy, which takes multiple technologies (some Intel) and merges them into a groundbreaking piece of hardware. The headset is totally self-contained with an array of RealSense cameras, battery pack, and even a 6th generation processor for onboard computing. It should come out in 2017.     Don't get the wrong idea; Intel isn't saying the upcoming future of VR is only wireless headsets, but instead they have broken up headsets into mainstream and enthusiast segments. If you think about it, we already have many wireless and totally contained VR headsets in the form of the Galaxy VR and other smartphone-based VR headsets. Intel would consider Project Alloy as a much more powerful headset that offers more versatility and horsepower than current offerings, and I think we would consider it a mainstream VR headset.     We were also teased by Windows Holographic. Over the past year, Microsoft has been touting its augmented reality HoloLens, which looks to change the way we interact with reality. Windows 10 will bring an update that includes Windows Holographic sometime next year.   Windows Holographic will offer desktop applications that we can touch and interact with in 3D. There are limitless uses for such software, but bringing it to the masses through Windows 10 will push the PC market forward. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Project Alloy and Windows Holographic] Page 2 [WiGig / Thunderbolt 3] Page 3 [USB PD 3.0, Audio, and Display] Page 4 [Will the iGP be Important Again?] Recommended for You First Impressions of HTC's Vive Virtual Reality Headset... Oculus VR Rift DK2 Unboxing #throughglass and First... Oculus Rift CV1 Unboxing & First Impressions Oculus Rift + Razer Hydra + Half-Life 2 = Gaming Nirvana... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags Project Alloy Windows Holographic Last Intel Developer Forum IDF San Fransico Intel CEO Brian Krzanich Intel MR Virtual VR AR Throughout IDF Project Alloy RealSense 6th Don VR Galaxy VR Windows Holographic. Over Microsoft HoloLens Windows Windows Holographic 3D PC Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless' Nintendo Switch to get 'lots' of Unreal Engine 4 gamesView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page


RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Video   /   Touch-Screen Glitch Affecting Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus Handsets       Touch-Screen Glitch Affecting Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus Handsets     By eWEEK Staff  |  Posted 2016-08-25 Print               DAILY VIDEO: Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus suffer from 'touch disease'; Intel, Nvidia trading shots over AI, deep learning; Microsoft: 60 percent of U.S. teens keep secret online accounts; and there's more.   Latest Videos Sponsored Videos Amazon Refuses to Give Police Echo Digital Assistant User Transcripts DAILY VIDEO: Amazon resists warrant for Echo digital assistant user transcripts; South Korea fines... Congressional Study Concludes Strong Encryption Important for Economy DAILY VIDEO: Congressional study backs strong encryption essential for U.S. economy; Container... Security Flaws Detected in Panasonic Airline Entertainment System DAILY VIDEO: Security vulnerabilities found in airline entertainment systems; Akamai acquires... Facebook to Hire 'Head of News' to Help Rein in Phony Articles DAILY VIDEO: Facebook strategy to halt fake news includes a 'Head of News'; Google releases test set... Red Hat Extends OpenStack Cloud Platform 10 Support for Up to 5 Years DAILY VIDEO: Red Hat OpenStack Platform 10 extends cloud support; Google releases National Security... Yahoo Confirms Another Hack Affecting 1 Billion Users DAILY VIDEO: Yahoo suffers new hack; 1 Billion users impacted this time; Uber starts up self-driving... Sprint Introduces HPUE Wireless Range-Extending Technology DAILY VIDEO: Sprint’s new HPUE tech promises to extend reach of its 2.5 GHz service; Microsoft,... 34 People Arrested in Global Crackdown on DDOS Attack Service Users DAILY VIDEO: 34 people arrested in global roundup of DDoS service customers; Apple updates macOS and... New Kubernetes Release Enables Container Management on Windows Server DAILY VIDEO: Kubernetes 1.5 brings container management to Windows; Cisco Security Business Group... Samsung Readies Note7 Software Update to Disable Battery Charging DAILY VIDEO: Samsung to send out Note7 software update to totally disable charging; Microsoft... Intel Processors, Storage Enhancements Set New Dell Servers Apart Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Dell PowerEdge R630: Incredible Density Across a Range of Resources The Dell PowerEdge R630 is a mainstream 2S/1U rack server that delivers incredible density across a... Save on Operating Costs for Scale-Out Workloads With the introduction of the Dell PowerEdge FM 120x4, Dell and Intel are bringing to market a server... Dell PowerEdge R730xd: Storage Density for Clouds, Big Data and More The Dell PowerEdge R730xd, also based on Intel Xeon processors, is one of the world's densest... Dell PowerEdge T630: Versatility for ROBO Environments and More The Dell PowerEdge T630 is a mainstream 2S/5U rack-mount tower server with a versatile mix of... Introduction to the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell's latest generation of Intel-based PowerEdge servers has the power and flexibility to solve all... Meet Some of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell’s latest Intel-based PowerEdge servers bring new levels of operational efficiency and... Management Features of the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Today's businesses need to innovate to compete. If your IT talent is spending too much time... Innovative Features in the 13th Generation Dell PowerEdge Servers video Dell PowerEdge servers powered by Intel processors include a number of innovative features designed... Virtualization, Convergence and Cloud with Dell PowerEdge Servers video Agility is a competitive edge that Dell's PowerEdge servers can deliver thanks to dense, storage... Read more about the stories in today's news: Apple iPhone 6, 6 Plus Suffer From 'Touch Disease' Intel, Nvidia Trading Shots Over AI, Deep Learning Microsoft: 60 Percent of U.S. Teens Keep Secret Online Accounts Lenovo to Preinstall Microsoft Apps on Android Devices       Today's topics include iFixit's report of a widespread glitch affecting Apple iPhone 6 and 6 Plus touch-screens, the rivalry between Intel and Nvidia in the AI sector, a Microsoft-commissioned study that found that 60 percent of American teens have online accounts their parents do not know about and the deal that will allow Lenovo to preinstall Microsoft Apps on Android devices. Electronics repair website iFixit is reporting a widespread problem with Apple's iPhone 6 and, particularly, iPhone 6 Plus smartphones that repair advocates have dubbed "Touch Disease." A gray bar appears across the top of the phones' displays and the screens' performances gradually decline before users lose touch functionality completely. "What started as an unfortunate trend, now seems to be growing into an epidemic," reports iFixit's Julia Bluff, who interviewed a handful of independent electronics repair experts and micro-soldering specialists. According to Bluff, while the issue appears to be touch-screen-related, it actually comes down to two touch-screen controller chips, or Touch ICs, on the logic board. The problem is apparently caused after the relatively thin handsets bend and twist when users put them in their back pockets and then sit, lean or bend over. Artificial intelligence and machine learning are opening up another front in the sprawling competition between Intel and Nvidia that has stretched from the data center and high-performance computing environments to autonomous vehicles. Both chip makers see the nascent artificial intelligence space—and the machine learning technology that helps enable it—as key growth areas. Each sees the other as primary competitors. As Intel executives at the Intel Developer Forum last week unveiled a range of moves the company is making to address the needs in the emerging market, Nvidia officials fired off a post on the vendor's blog questioning some of the benchmark numbers Intel was using comparing its many-core Xeon Phi processors to Nvidia's GPU. Microsoft today released the findings of a new study conducted on behalf of the company by the National Cyber Security Alliance. After surveying 804 American teens, aged 13 to 17, and 810 parents of teens of those ages, Microsoft and the NCSA found that when it comes to online safety, teens and their parents aren't quite on the same page. Sixty percent of the teens admitted that they had created an an online account their parents don't know about in order to use an app, social media site or other online service. Only 13 percent said their parents were "completely aware" of their online activities. Parents, on the other hand, said they were "neutral" in terms of awareness about their kids' online activities. A mere 3 percent claimed they knew everything their children did online. Android keeps paying off for Microsoft and now a patent licensing pact between the Redmond, Wash., software giant and Lenovo is another step in that direction. The deal, announced on Aug. 23, includes a cross-licensing agreement covering Motorola devices as well as those carrying the Lenovo brand. In addition, Lenovo has agreed to ship Android mobile devices preloaded with Microsoft Office, OneDrive and Skype. Lenovo acquired Motorola Mobility from Google in 2014 in a transaction valued at $2.91 billion. Christian Eigen, head of corporate alliances at Lenovo, said in prepared remarks that the deal offers "new opportunities for our customers to take advantage of some of Microsoft's most popular apps" and offers additional value to the company's customers worldwide.       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events Purchase Tickets: Exclusive Retail Event Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit Intel’s New System Will Help Technology See And Understand The World Technology Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Joule is a tiny board for developers designed to bring powerful computer vision to cheap and easy-to-make prototypes Anna Johansson 25 august 2016 Technological advancements have truly excelled over the last two decades. They’ve brought us mobile apps for businesses that make processes easier to handle. We have entertainment systems that transport us into virtual worlds. We can talk to a machine and have them perform basic functions around the house. The technology we have at our disposal will never cease to amaze. Intel is looking to take things one step further with a new chip module called Joule that’s helping to improve the stretch of gadget intelligence. This chip is just a tiny board for developers to use to bring computer vision technology into their own prototypes. The hope is that this new concept will allow developers to make products more affordable and bring them to the market more quickly. Overall, Intel is hopeful that the device will accelerate automation in every capacity. The chip was revealed in an onstage demo at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco in the shape of smart glasses made by PivotHead. The glasses themselves were a standard pair of industrial safety glasses. There was nothing remarkable about what they did. They were simply a catalyst for Joule, which performed volt verification on a piece of aircraft in real time. The chip is a small rectangle, barely taller than a postage stamp and shorter than a stick of gum. So far, there’s only been an onstage demonstration and some brief information on the website to describe the innovation. More information will come with the product’s official release. What’s most amazing about this technology is that it has no need for wires, Wi-Fi, or a Bluetooth connection in order to analyze and compute data. You don’t need a smartphone app to track things or evaluate the information, though a screen is necessary for display. Joule can handle all the processing within the chip, giving constant power, even when there’s poor connectivity. Joule will be available in two different kits. The first will be the 550x, including a 1.5GHz quad-core Atom T5500 processor, 3GB of RAM and 8GB of storage. The other will be slightly more powerful, called the 570x. The specs: 1.7GHz quad-core Atom T5700 CPU (with burst speeds up to 2.4GHz), 4GB of RAM and 16GB of storage. To display the information collected in the chip, both models have a “laptop class” 802.11AC wireless, Intel graphics with 4K capture and display support, and a Linux-based OS. The kits and accessories will be available for purchase on sites like Newegg. With some luck, Intel will have authorized sale of the devices in more than 100 countries before 2016 closes. Intel’s main priority now is to ground themselves in the next wave of computer devices. And on its end, Joule will be primarily used in a manufacturing and development setting, helping to develop products and services at a faster, more affordable rate. Intel’s Diana Shea uses glasses that include the Joule maker board. Additionally, AR, VR, and AI technologies are beginning to emerge with real force, though they were considered “too advanced” a few years ago. Joule could be used to develop software like augmented reality glasses, VR headsets, drones, and robots. If Intel’s chip is the foundation of these devices, they’ll become leaders in the market and remain competitive in the advanced technology sector. Microsoft has already jumped on the opportunity to use Joule in its robotic companion Bamboo, the friendly device that helps kids remember to check their blood sugar. Other tech companies have also been eying the chip for use in a variety of devices, which shows that Intel has already made a good start in defining their role in the AI industry. Joule Lead Image: DJ Sures (left) with EZ-Robots talks with Intel’s La Tiffaney Williams about robots that utilizes Intel’s Joule module at the 2016 Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco on Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016. (Credit: Intel Corporation) glassesIntelIntel Developer ForumJoulemanufacturingpivotheadtechnology Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 6 Tech Shifts To Spot At CES 2017 PSFK Labs Posted August 25, 2016 Consumer Goods Health Yesterday How Consumers Are Decentralizing The Health Industry [Forecast 2020] Entertainment Yesterday Why Consumers Are Creating Their Own Entertainment [Forecast 2020] Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Future of Automotive See All Consumer Goods Yesterday 3 Insights To Look For At CES 2017 AI Yesterday Nine Technologies To Invest In When It Comes To Retail [Future Of Retail] PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Rodrigo Niño Crowdfunding Real Estate Retail december 30, 2016 Why Consumers Are Taking Production Into Their Own Hands [Forecast 2020] Customer Retention december 30, 2016 Why Training Associates To Be Advocates Is Key To Retail Success Social Media december 29, 2016 Forecast 2020: How Technology Is Empowering A New Age Of Digital Activists PSFK EVENT FUTURE OF RETAIL 2017: Conference Built Around Report Launch BUY TICKETS PSFK Op-Ed december 23, 2016 Digital Strategist: Why “Big Sensing” Is Key To Retail’s Future PSFK Labs december 30, 2016 The Future Of Retail 2017: Transformation Strategies For A Customer-First Business Travel december 29, 2016 Editorial Roundtable: Maintaining A Lasting Customer Experience In New Retail Reality AI december 29, 2016 How Artificial Intelligence Is Enabling Anytime Shopping & On-Demand Support PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Retail december 28, 2016 How Consumers Are Becoming Their Own Store [Forecast 2020] Customer Retention december 28, 2016 Editorial Roundtable: The Building Blocks Customer-First Companies Rely On PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Brand Development december 28, 2016 Why Informed Employees Are The Cornerstone Of Successful Retail TREND REPORT FORECAST 2020 The Consumer Roles That Will Shape Our Future   DOWNLOAD NOW Arts & Culture december 27, 2016 Forecast 2020: How To Prepare Your Industry For 2020 Customer Retention december 27, 2016 Editorial Roundtable: Delivering On Your Omnichannel Promise PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Retail december 27, 2016 How To Sell To The Contemporary Consumer [Future of Retail] No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Join Us For PSFK’s Future of Retail 2017 Event In NYC Media & Publishing Letter From The Founder: PSFK's Forecast 2020 Advertising Forecast 2020: How To Prepare Your Industry For 2020 Arts & Culture Become An Amateur Scientist With This $1 Foldable Microscope Design & Architecture Nine Technologies To Invest In When It Comes To Retail [Future Of Retail] Retail 3 Insights To Look For At CES 2017 Technology Editorial Roundtable: Maintaining A Lasting Customer Experience In New Retail Reality Travel Print Your Selfies Onto A Cup Of Coffee Food How Consumers Are Decentralizing The Health Industry [Forecast 2020] Health Beanie Streams Music And Calls Without All Wires Fashion Samsung's New Car Dashboard Display Responds To Hand Gestures Automotive [News] The NBA is launching its own fantasy game you can play while watching live basketball [News] Amazon has a new U.S. patent to protect its drones [News] Volkswagen teases a self-driving EV concept with retractable steering wheel [News] Encrypted messaging app Signal uses Google to bypass censorship [Insight] One barrier to diversity in tech is a culture of genius [Insight] Why 2016 was the year of autonomous driving [Insight] Futurist predicts driverless cars will kill 128 kinds of jobs [News] The Bachelor is getting its own Snapchat show [Inspiration] How Google Maps is helping track animal migration [Insight] What the rise of 4chan politics means for the future of public discourse [News] Arianna Huffington’s new store wants to help you break your phone addiction [Insight] Tesla’s big advantage is 1.3 billion miles of driver data [News] Two Google Lunar X Prize teams are going to share a ride to the Moon next year [News] Inside Instagram’s new Stickers feature [Stat] 7-Eleven delivers 77 packages via drone in first month of routine service [Insight] Uber brilliantly sets self-driving battle at permission, not existence [Insight] Google releases the top searches of 2016 [Insight] Why this agency is predicting the “Age Of Small Ideas” [Insight] Boing Boing picks their best technology products of 2016 [Stat] 53% of women made purchases due to influencer posts [Insight] Why for Nintendo, Mario is no guarantee for success [Insight] Why the Chevy Bolt could be the ugly car of the future [Inspiration] These photos explore the golden age of video arcades [News] Brower plug-in lets you fact-check Trump’s tweets in real time [Stat] Super Mario Run tops 5 million downloads on day one [Inspiration] The Best And Worst Branding Of 2016 [Insight] The explosion of e-commerce and on-demand is training consumers to be brand-specific but channel-agnostic [Inspiration] Actor recounts the creative process of director George Lucas [Infographic] See how much these 10 fast food chains dominate the American market [Stat] NES Mini sells as many units in 30 days as Wii U in six months SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
Trend Reports Consulting Experts Membership Events Purchase Tickets: Exclusive Retail Event Loading... menu Explore by Industry Industry> Automotive Beauty Consumer Goods Education Entertainment Fashion Finance Fitness & Sport Food Health Home Media Retail Technology Travel Demographic Demographic> Boomers Kids Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Location> Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Trending> Food Sports Retail Work Activity Activity> Advertising Branding CRM Design & Architecture Experiential Product Launch Research About Consulting Events Experts Membership Reports Wallkit Twitter Bot Will Warn You If You Are A Troll Mobile Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members An online tool developed out of Intel's Hack Harassment movement helps filter out or notify cyber bullies Leo Lutero 25 august 2016 Alexei Bastidas, an intern at Intel, worked on a Twitter bot that identifies bullies according to the content they post online. Recode reports the web tool uses an algorithm to give content (such as tweets) a rating based on how intimidating they are. Unlike other efforts to automatically defer harassment, this one is smarter. It doesn’t just speak English, it speaks Web. Bastidas educated the algorithm using comments from websites like the NY Times and the Wall Street Journal. For the worst examples, he scanned the darker corners of Reddit. While his work is not quite ready for public use just yet, it’s the first to sprout out of Hack Harassment, an Intel-backed movement to create tools and platforms against online abuse. Hack Harassment Featured image: Hacker using laptop via Shutterstock botcontentdigitaldigital safetyhack harassementhackingIntelmobileonline safetypasswordsPrivacysecuritySocial Mediatechnology Doc PDF PPTX Doc EMail Share Facebook Twitter Available to Premium & Purple Members Trending 6 Tech Shifts To Spot At CES 2017 PSFK Labs Posted August 25, 2016 Consumer Goods Health Yesterday How Consumers Are Decentralizing The Health Industry [Forecast 2020] Entertainment Yesterday Why Consumers Are Creating Their Own Entertainment [Forecast 2020] Trending Get PSFK's Related Report: Future of Automotive See All Consumer Goods Yesterday 3 Insights To Look For At CES 2017 AI Yesterday Nine Technologies To Invest In When It Comes To Retail [Future Of Retail] PSFK Membership Free trial: Get full access to the PSFK Creative Intelligence Portal for 30 days Related Expert Rana el Kaliouby Research Retail december 30, 2016 Why Consumers Are Taking Production Into Their Own Hands [Forecast 2020] Customer Retention december 30, 2016 Why Training Associates To Be Advocates Is Key To Retail Success Social Media december 29, 2016 Forecast 2020: How Technology Is Empowering A New Age Of Digital Activists PSFK EVENT FUTURE OF RETAIL 2017: Conference Built Around Report Launch BUY TICKETS PSFK Op-Ed december 23, 2016 Digital Strategist: Why “Big Sensing” Is Key To Retail’s Future PSFK Labs december 30, 2016 The Future Of Retail 2017: Transformation Strategies For A Customer-First Business Travel december 29, 2016 Editorial Roundtable: Maintaining A Lasting Customer Experience In New Retail Reality AI december 29, 2016 How Artificial Intelligence Is Enabling Anytime Shopping & On-Demand Support PSFK Labs Reports Learn How: Download latest trends reports and business playbooks PSFK Labs Change now: Hire trend researchers, product conceptors and innovation experts Retail december 28, 2016 How Consumers Are Becoming Their Own Store [Forecast 2020] Customer Retention december 28, 2016 Editorial Roundtable: The Building Blocks Customer-First Companies Rely On PSFK Videos Watch Now: Study hundreds of change makers sharing their insights Brand Development december 28, 2016 Why Informed Employees Are The Cornerstone Of Successful Retail TREND REPORT FORECAST 2020 The Consumer Roles That Will Shape Our Future   DOWNLOAD NOW Arts & Culture december 27, 2016 Forecast 2020: How To Prepare Your Industry For 2020 Customer Retention december 27, 2016 Editorial Roundtable: Delivering On Your Omnichannel Promise PSFK Events Attend Now: Join us at one of our innovation and trend debriefs Retail december 27, 2016 How To Sell To The Contemporary Consumer [Future of Retail] No search results found. daily weekly subscribe Saved Search {{watchlistItem.title}} daily weekly subscribe 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Saved Keywords Email Alerts Favorites 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Shared 10 20 posts ppt pdf download Join Us For PSFK’s Future of Retail 2017 Event In NYC Media & Publishing Letter From The Founder: PSFK's Forecast 2020 Advertising Forecast 2020: How To Prepare Your Industry For 2020 Arts & Culture Become An Amateur Scientist With This $1 Foldable Microscope Design & Architecture Nine Technologies To Invest In When It Comes To Retail [Future Of Retail] Retail 3 Insights To Look For At CES 2017 Technology Editorial Roundtable: Maintaining A Lasting Customer Experience In New Retail Reality Travel Print Your Selfies Onto A Cup Of Coffee Food How Consumers Are Decentralizing The Health Industry [Forecast 2020] Health Beanie Streams Music And Calls Without All Wires Fashion Samsung's New Car Dashboard Display Responds To Hand Gestures Automotive [News] The NBA is launching its own fantasy game you can play while watching live basketball [News] Amazon has a new U.S. patent to protect its drones [News] Volkswagen teases a self-driving EV concept with retractable steering wheel [News] Encrypted messaging app Signal uses Google to bypass censorship [Insight] One barrier to diversity in tech is a culture of genius [Insight] Why 2016 was the year of autonomous driving [Insight] Futurist predicts driverless cars will kill 128 kinds of jobs [News] The Bachelor is getting its own Snapchat show [Inspiration] How Google Maps is helping track animal migration [Insight] What the rise of 4chan politics means for the future of public discourse [News] Arianna Huffington’s new store wants to help you break your phone addiction [Insight] Tesla’s big advantage is 1.3 billion miles of driver data [News] Two Google Lunar X Prize teams are going to share a ride to the Moon next year [News] Inside Instagram’s new Stickers feature [Stat] 7-Eleven delivers 77 packages via drone in first month of routine service [Insight] Uber brilliantly sets self-driving battle at permission, not existence [Insight] Google releases the top searches of 2016 [Insight] Why this agency is predicting the “Age Of Small Ideas” [Insight] Boing Boing picks their best technology products of 2016 [Stat] 53% of women made purchases due to influencer posts [Insight] Why for Nintendo, Mario is no guarantee for success [Insight] Why the Chevy Bolt could be the ugly car of the future [Inspiration] These photos explore the golden age of video arcades [News] Brower plug-in lets you fact-check Trump’s tweets in real time [Stat] Super Mario Run tops 5 million downloads on day one [Inspiration] The Best And Worst Branding Of 2016 [Insight] The explosion of e-commerce and on-demand is training consumers to be brand-specific but channel-agnostic [Inspiration] Actor recounts the creative process of director George Lucas [Infographic] See how much these 10 fast food chains dominate the American market [Stat] NES Mini sells as many units in 30 days as Wii U in six months SEARCH CONTENT BY VERTICAL Industry Automotive Entertainment Fashion Fitness & Sport Food Health Retail Travel Demographic Baby Boomers Children Gen Z LGBT Infants Millennials Location Africa Asia Europe Latin America USA Trending Arts & Culture AI Cities IoT Luxury AR/VR Work Activity Advertising Branding Customer Retention Design & Architecture Media Experiential Product Launch Research Sign Up Newsletter Free Trial Membership Visit Us PSFK LLC 42 Bond Street, 6th Floor New York, NY 10012 +1 646.520.4672 Contact Us Sales & Partnerships Editorial Submissions Careers More About Staff Wallkit Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions + get the new report Transformation Strategies For Customer-First Business
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel 600P Series SSDs bring NVMe into the M.2 mainstream by Jeff Kampman  2:22 PM on August 25, 2016 Intel is pushing NVMe SSDs further into the mainstream today with its SSD 600P Series drives. These M.2 gumsticks use the same Intel-Micron 3D TLC NAND that we're starting to see in more and more SSDs of late. That NAND lets Intel deliver these drives at prices similar to that of high-end SATA storage while offering sequential read speeds far beyond what any SATA drive can achieve. Here's the full SSD 600P lineup: Intel SSD 600P series Capacity Sequential read (MB/s) Sequential write (MB/s) Random read (IOPS) Random write (IOPS) Suggested price 128 GB 770 450 35K 91K $69.00 256GB 1570 540 71K 112K $104.00 512GB 1775 560 128.5K 128K $189.00 1024GB 1800 560 155K 128K $359.00 At costs per gigabyte ranging from 53 cents for the 128GB drive to just 35 cents for the 1TB model, these drives are among the most competitively-priced NVMe SSDs we've seen so far. Samsung's 950 Pro posts much better random and sequential speeds across the board, but the $189.99 price tag on the 256GB version works out to a nosebleed-inducing 74 cents per gig, while the $318.99 512GB model demands a somewhat less insane 62 cents per gig. Even if the Samsung drives have better performance on paper, our reviews have found that real-world performance isn't significantly affected by these figures. By giving system builders and OEMs a more affordable NVMe option, Intel could help to advance the adoption of PCIe storage in a wide range of desktops and laptops. The 128GB, 256GB, and 512GB 600P drives will be available next week, while the 1TB drive and an upcoming 360GB model will arrive in the fourth quarter of this year. Tags: Storage Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... This discussion is now closed. View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center Data Storage News Intel pushes 3D NAND to inexpensive SSDs Intel's new SSDs include the consumer 600p SSDs, which are priced at $69 for a 128GB model and $359 for a 1TB drive By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Aug 25, 2016 9:01 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel's SSD P3520 has 3D NAND chips and is targeted at enterprises. Credit: Intel More like this AMD gets back into SSDs with value Radeon R3 drives Toshiba's new SSD line features rock-bottom pricing Samsung’s massive 15TB SSD can be yours -- for about $10K Video SanDisk crams 200GB onto MicroSD Intel is expanding its lineup of SSDs with its 3D NAND chips with more affordable consumer and enterprise drives. The 3D NAND chips have a structure that makes SSDs durable and fast but was only available in a handful of drives. The new SSDs support the NVMe protocol, which offers faster throughput than the SATA controller originally designed for hard drives. The new SSDs include entry-level consumer drives starting under US$100. Gamers may want to wait, however, until Intel releases its crazy-fast Optane SSDs, which the chip maker claims will be up to 10 times faster than regular SSDs. The consumer SSD 600p series for PCs starts at $69 for a 128GB drive and ranges to $359 for a 1TB drive. The SSD Pro 6000p for business laptops is slightly more expensive at $79 for a 128GB drive and up to $364 for the 1TB drive. The PC SSDs plug into m.2 slots and have similar speeds but differ on features. The SSD Pro 6000p has enterprise features like remote erase, where the disk can be wiped remotely. It also has fine-grained power management features not available with the 600p. Those features work with Intel's Core vPro processors, allowing system administrators to take control of remote PCs. The drives have sequential read speeds of 1,800 megabytes (MBps) per second and write speeds of 560MBps. They have random read speeds of 155,000 IOPS (input-output per second) and write speeds of 128,000 IOPS. On all counts, the 600p series is significantly faster than Intel's SSD 540s, which came out earlier this year. Intel's new drives also include the enterprise SSD DC P3520 series, which has storage capacities from 450GB ($294) to 2TB ($984). The SSDs plug into 2.5-inch and standard PCI-Express 3.0 slots. The 2TB drive is the fastest in the series, with random sequential read speeds of 1,700MBps and write speeds of 1,350MBps. The random read speeds are 375,000 IOPs and write speeds are 26,000 IOPS. Those speeds beat Samsung's 1.92TB PM953 enterprise SSD based on NVMe, which has a sequential read speed of 1,000MBps, write speed of 870MBps, and a random read speed of 240,000 IOPS and write speed of 19,000 IOPS. Another Intel SSD for data centers called the SSD DC S3520 Series "is ideal for those making the initial transition to SATA SSDs from hard drives," an Intel spokesperson said in an email. They come in capacities from 150GB ($89) to 1.6TB ($739). The drive comes in m.2 and 2.5-inch slot formats. The SSD DC S3520 is a kind of cache where data is stored temporarily while being processed by computers. It is used to boot systems, serve up commonly used applications or data over the internet, or to store database or analytics data being processed. It's not meant for long-term storage, and has low power-consumption and read and write speeds, making it more appropriate for storage arrays. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Data Storage Computer Hardware Data Center Windows PCs Intel Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise How hybrid infrastructure fuels IT velocity Popular Resources Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,558 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home Reviews Laptops Standard Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad P70 Mobile Workstation Notebook Review Lenovo's ThinkPad P70 mobile workstation notebook goes under the spotlight as we examine just what this beast is capable of achieving. By: Steven Bassiri | Standard Laptops in Laptops | Posted: Aug 25, 2016 5:15 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 92%Manufacturer: Lenovo Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Physical Overview] Page 3 [Physical Overview Continued] Page 4 [Software and BIOS] Page 5 [System Performance Benchmarks] Page 6 [Gaming Performance Benchmarks] Page 7 [System IO and Battery Performance] Page 8 [Thermal Performance] Page 9 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     With the launch of Intel's Skylake microarchitecture came two new types of mobile processors. Intel introduced its first mobile Xeon processor and its first overclockable processor. Today we look at one of Lenovo's ThinkPads using Intel's latest 6th generation mobile Xeon workstation processor, the E3-1505M v5. There are a few advantages that Xeon processors have over their Core series counterparts, but the two most important are ECC memory and vPro support.     Mobile workstations are designed for professionals, and in the case of the ThinkPad P70, we are talking about content creation professionals. On the display capabilities of the ThinkPad P70, it has multiple display panel options ranging from a 1080p panel with touch to a 4K along with a Pantone Colorimeter sensor for automatic panel color calibration. The notebook also offers a few of NVIDIA's mobile workstation graphics processors, in our case the Quadro M4000M. Together with smart PCB and case design, Lenovo hopes to provide a very high-end mobile workstation. Let's see how they did.     Specifications     The ThinkPad P70 we have today uses a Xeon E3-1505M v5 mobile processor with 4/8 cores/threads with a 2.8GHz base clock and 3.7GHz Turbo. The CPU has a TDP of 45W, which can be reduced depending on the vendor's implementation. It supports 64GB of RAM, our model came with 16GB of ECC enabled RAM. The CPU fully supports ECC memory and vPro. If a vendor decides to use Intel's latest mobile Xeon processors, they are also required to implement ThunderBolt 3, and Lenovo supplies two type-C USB 3.1/Thunderbolt 3 ports. Our unit also uses a NVIDIA Quadro M4000M to drive a 4K UHD IPS 300 nits monitor and comes with an X-Rite Pantone Color Calibrator. You can also have the unit include a WWAN 4G LTE-A card for on the go internet connectivity.     At 16.4"x10.8"x1.17-12" (WxDxH), the ThinkPad P70 isn't the smallest or slimmest notebook, but it is very powerful. It weighs 7.56 lbs (3.43 kg), which makes it quite heavy. The notebook does come with a wired Intel RJ-45 1Gbit NIC, as well as an Intel 8260 2x2 Wireless AC/Bluetooth 4.1 wireless networking card.     Pricing   The ThinkPad P70 comes in a wide variety of configurations ranging from $1550-3000+. Our model costs roughly $3000. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Physical Overview] Page 3 [Physical Overview Continued] Page 4 [Software and BIOS] Page 5 [System Performance Benchmarks] Page 6 [Gaming Performance Benchmarks] Page 7 [System IO and Battery Performance] Page 8 [Thermal Performance] Page 9 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You Lenovo ThinkPad W540 Mobile Workstation Laptop Review... Acer Aspire S7-392 Ultrabook Review HP Chromebook 11 with SlimPort Technology Review Acer Aspire R7 Two-in-One Ultrabook Review Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags Lenovo ThinkPad P70 P70 ThinkPad laptop notebook workstation Intel NVIDIA Xeon Quadro ECC 4K ThunderBolt 3 vPro Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless' Nintendo Switch to get 'lots' of Unreal Engine 4 gamesView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     PC Hardware   /   At IDF, PCs Take a Back Seat to Drones, VR, AI, Driverless Cars       At IDF, PCs Take a Back Seat to Drones, VR, AI, Driverless Cars     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-08-25                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... At IDF, PCs Take a Back Seat to Drones, VR, AI, Driverless Cars This year's Intel Developer Forum had a decidedly different flavor to it—with fewer PCs but more drones, cars and other connected devices on display. Virtual Reality in the Real World Krzanich introduced Project Alloy, a push to create an entirely self-contained virtual reality (VR) headset that doesn't need exterior sensors or to be tethered via a wire to a PC. All the compute, graphics, batteries and modules, as well as technologies like RealSense, are contained in the headset. Project Alloy Takes Center Stage Krzanich, left, and Intel's Craig Raymond show the VR headset. It's part of what Krzanich called "merged reality," or the ability to bring physical objects into the virtual world, and vice versa. The demonstration showed Raymond viewing a virtual world through a headset, being able to see his hands and other physical objects, and manipulating the environment using those objects. Microsoft and Intel Put Focus on VR Terry Myerson, right, executive vice president of Microsoft's Windows and Devices Group, said the software maker will update Windows 10 to enable the company's Windows Holographic software that runs on its HoloLens to also run on the Alloy headsets. In December, the companies will announce a spec for VR headsets like Alloy and Microsoft's HoloLens, and next year, Intel will open-source the Alloy hardware. The Music of Merged Reality Before Krzanich took the stage, musicians—such as this drummer—played music using Intel's VR headset and software, with drums that could be seen and played via the headset but were not physically in front of the musician. Intel Takes to the Air Krzanich continued what has become standard at Intel events by showing off drones that use such Intel products as processors and RealSense 3D camera technology. Here the CEO shows off an Aero Ready to Fly drone, a fully assembled quadcopter on which developers can launch their applications. Intel Drones On Intel's Jeff Lo demonstrates a ready-to-fly drone that uses the company's Aero Compute Board and RealSense technology, which can be used to help the system navigate environments and avoid collisions. Intel Also Stays on the Ground Autonomous cars continue to be a key focus for most chip makers, including Intel, which recently announced a partnership with BMW and Mobileye to get self-driving BMW vehicles on the road by 2021. At IDF, Intel officials said the company is building its own fleet of autonomous cars, and put two test vehicles on display. Behind the Wheel of a Self-Driving Car Software will be crucial to the development and performance of autonomous cars. Here, an IDF attendee tries out a natural human-machine interface (HMI) prototype platform for self-driving cars. It's Fun to Play With the FPGA Intel last year paid $16.7 billion to acquire Altera and its programmable chip technology. At IDF, Krzanich and other officials stressed the importance of field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) in the fast-growing digital world. Here the CEO shows off an Intel-branded 14-nanometer Stratix 10 FPGA during the inaugural Intel SoC (system-on-a-chip) FPGA Developer Forum, run in conjunction with IDF. The Power and Energy of Joule Intel introduced a chip module called Joule, a tiny board with sensors based on RealSense, that will make it easier for developers to create prototypes of devices that include computer vision capabilities. It complements other such Intel development boards like Edison, Galileo and Curie. Here Krzanich displays a Joule board. Joule in Action At IDF, there were numerous devices on display that use the Joule development board, such as safety glasses and small robots with computer vision. Here, a user looks through a helmet heads-up display by EyeLights powered by Joule. Intel Bringing Silicon Photonics to Data Centers Diane Bryant, executive vice president and general manager of Intel's Data Center Group, announced that after 16 years of development, the company was ready to bring silicon photonics products to market later this year. The technology will address the demand by cloud service providers for more network bandwidth, better scalability and faster connectivity. Keeping an Eye on 5G Venkata "Murthy" Renduchintala, president of Intel's Client and IoT Businesses and Systems Architecture Group, told IDF attendees that a key part of the vendor's IoT strategy is focusing on the development and deployment of 5G, the upcoming next-generation wireless broadband technology that promises to deliver speeds 10 to 100 times faster than average 4G LTE connections today. Many Cores and AI Artificial intelligence and machine learning is fast becoming another highly competitive field for chip makers. At IDF, Intel's Bryant said that next year, the company will introduce "Knights Mill"—a derivative of Intel's current many-core Xeon Phi "Knights Landing" chip that will compete with Nvidia's GPUs in machine learning tasks. Microsoft Hits Business Highs in 2016 with Cloud Services, Windows 10 View Slideshow » Digital Assistants, Smart Home Devices Top Amazon Holiday Sales List View Slideshow » Why Super Mario Run on iOS Faces Criticism Despite Early Success View Slideshow » Facebook First on Nielsen List of Top 10 iOS, Android Mobile Apps View Slideshow » A Look Back at 8 IBM Strategic Acquisitions in 2016 View Slideshow » 17 Security Experts Share Predictions for the Top Cyber-Trends of 2017 View Slideshow » 10 Predictions for the Data Analytics Market for 2017 View Slideshow » 10 Ways BlackBerry Is Trying to Get Back on a Sustainable Growth Path View Slideshow » How Gen Z Could Use Technology as a Catalyst to Change the Workforce View Slideshow » Dell Makes its Latitude 13 7370 Laptop Thin, Light and Tough View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   Intel, long the most dominant chip vendor for PCs, is making a high-profile transition away from them and toward such growth markets as the internet of things (IoT), drones, the cloud, artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning, virtual and augmented reality, network connectivity and the data center. Essentially, the company wants the billions of connected devices that will make up the IoT to run on Intel technology, and for its products to drive the systems that connect them to the cloud. "We are transforming into the company that is powering the cloud, connecting smart devices and making new experiences possible based on all that today," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich told the more than 6,000 people who traveled to San Francisco last week for the annual Intel Developer Forum (IDF). In the past, the show had been packed with new PCs and servers powered by the company's latest and greater processors. However, this year's IDF had a decidedly different vibe to it, with fewer PCs on display and more drones, cars and other connected devices on the floor. This slide show takes a look at some of the highlights from this year's IDF. (Photos courtesy of Intel)                       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> SSDs Intel Launches 3D NAND SSDs For Client And Enterprise by Billy Tallis on August 25, 2016 12:00 PM EST Posted in SSDs Intel 3D NAND 49 Comments | Add A Comment 49 Comments + Add A Comment Today Intel is announcing a variety of new SSDs with their 3D NAND flash memory. The new models use a mix of 3D MLC and 3D TLC, some SATA and some PCIe, and variously target the consumer, business, embedded and data center markets. While we are still awaiting details on the timing of these product releases, it is clear that Intel is eager to put planar flash behind them. The drive for this is especially strong as the models being replaced are all either based on Intel's relatively expensive 20nm flash or on 16nm flash that Intel had to buy on the open market due to their decision to not participate in the 16nm node at IMFT. Product Series Market Interface 3D NAND SSD 600p Consumer Client M.2 PCIe 3 x4 TLC SSD Pro 6000p Business Client M.2 PCIe 3 x4 TLC SSD E 6000p Embedded, IoT M.2 PCIe 3 x4 TLC SSD E 5420s Embedded, IoT 2.5" and M.2 SATA MLC SSD DC S3520 Data Center 2.5" and M.2 SATA MLC SSD DC P3520 Data Center U.2 and PCIe x4 HHHL MLC First up, we have a M.2 PCIe SSD branded three different ways for three different markets. In the consumer market we have the SSD 600p series, while the business market will get the Pro 6000p series. The specs released so far differ only in mentioning that the Pro 6000p series will be supported by the remote secure erase feature of Intel's Active Management Technology. The third variant—for the embedded and Internet of Things market—will only get the two smallest capacities, which gives us a look at how this design will perform with the limited parallelism that results from using IMFT's high-capacity 384Gb 3D TLC die. Intel Client and Embedded PCIe SSDs Model Pro 6000p 600p E 6000p 750 Capacity 128GB, 256GB, 360GB, 512GB, 1024GB 256GB 128GB 400GB, 800GB, 1.2TB NAND IMFT 32-layer 3D TLC IMFT 20nm MLC Interface M.2 2280 PCIe 3 x4 (single-sided) U.2 or PCIe 3 x4 HHHL Sequential Read up to 1800 MB/s 1570 MB/s 770 MB/s up to 2500 MB/s Sequential Write up to 560 MB/s 540 MB/s 450 MB/s up to 1200 MB/s 4kB Random Read up to 155k IOPS 71k IOPS 35k IOPS up to 460k IOPS 4kB Random Write up to 128k IOPS 112k IOPS 91.5k IOPS up to 290k IOPS Idle Power 10mW 4W Warranty 5 years 5 years The 600p and 6000p series are a much more mainstream design than Intel's previous NVMe SSD for the client market. The SSD 750 was a thinly-disguised enterprise drive, with power consumption and physical dimensions that are far too big for the M.2 form factor that has become the preferred choice for client PCIe storage. The SSD 750 was in many ways overkill from the start, and more recent M.2 drives (especially from Samsung) have caught up in peak performance to offer a much better value for typical client usage. The 600p will be going after the client PCIe storage market from the opposite end: as one of the first TLC PCIe SSDs, its performance specifications don't set any records but it will be a much more value-oriented product than any of the M.2 PCIe SSDs currently on the market. Intel has confirmed that the 600p and 6000p are using a third-party controller. UPDATE: Allyn Malventano at PC Perspective has uncovered a forum post with an uncensored picture of the 600p. The controller has "SMI" in big letters, suggesting that it is a Silicon Motion SM2260 or relative thereof, but with different markings than the samples Silicon Motion has been showing off at conventions. Intel has also used Silicon Motion controllers in drives like the 540s. SSD 600p In addition to the SSD E 6000p, there is a new series of SATA drives for the embedded market. The SSD E 5420s series consists of a 240GB 2.5" drive and a 150GB M.2 drive, both with 3D MLC and full power loss protection. The E 5420s is rated for one drive write per day, a substantial improvement over the 0.3 DWPD rating of the E 5410s or the 20GB/day of the E 5400s. Intel Embedded/IoT SATA SSDs Model E 5420s E 5410s E 5400s Capacity 240GB 150GB 80GB, 120GB 48GB, 80GB, 120GB, 180GB NAND IMFT 32-layer 3D MLC 16nm MLC 16nm TLC Interface 2.5" SATA M.2 SATA 2.5" SATA 2.5" and M.2 SATA Sequential Read 320 MB/s 165 MB/s up to 475 MB/s up to 560 MB/s Sequential Write 300 MB/s 145 MB/s up to 135 MB/s up to 475 MB/s 4kB Random Read 65k IOPS 39k IOPS up to 68k IOPS up to 71k IOPS 4kB Random Write 16k IOPS 28k IOPS up to 84k IOPS up to 85k IOPS Warranty 5 years 5 years 5 years SSD E 5420s Moving on to the data center products, the SSD DC S3520 is a new mid-range enterprise SATA SSD for read-oriented workloads and the third iteration of the S3500 series. The M.2 form factor has returned as an option after the DC S3510 series was only offered in the 2.5" form factor. As with the SATA drives for the embedded market, performance has decreased but endurance has been bumped up from 0.3 DWPD to 1 DWPD. The larger per-die capacity of the 3D MLC has caused the smallest capacity option to increase from 80GB to 150GB, but 1.6TB is still the largest option for the 2.5" form factor. Intel Enterprise SATA SSDs Model DC S3520 DC S3510 Capacity 150GB, 240GB, 480GB, 800GB, 960GB, 1.2TB, 1.6TB 150GB, 240GB, 480GB, 760GB, 960GB 80GB, 120GB, 240GB, 480GB, 800GB, 1.2TB, 1.6TB NAND IMFT 32-layer 3D MLC 16nm MLC Interface 2.5" SATA M.2 SATA 2.5" SATA Sequential Read (up to) 450 MB/s 410 MB/s 500 MB/s Sequential Write (up to) 380 MB/s 320 MB/s 460 MB/s 4kB Random Read (up to) 67.5k IOPS 53k IOPS 68k IOPS 4kB Random Write (up to) 17k IOPS 14.4k IOPS 20k IOPS Endurance 1 DWPD 1 DWPD 0.3 DWPD Warranty 5 years 5 years 5 years SSD DC S3520 (UPDATED) Finally, for the enterprise PCIe space we have the SSD DC P3520. In March the DC P3320 was announced as Intel's first 3D NAND SSD and the P3520 was mentioned but specifications were not provided at that time. Intel has since decided to only produce the P3520 and to price it close to the level of SATA SSDs. The reduced performance relative to the DC P3500 is a consequence of reduced parallelism at the same capacity that results from using the 256Gb 3D MLC rather than 128Gb 20nm MLC, and the size of this performance regression is a bit dismaying. The DC P3520 is clearly based on the same hardware platform as the rest of the PCIe data center drives, with a familiar layout for the PCB and heatsink evident in the add-in card version. Intel Enterprise PCIe SSDs Model DC P3520 DC P3320 (canceled) DC P3500 Capacity 450GB (U.2 only), 1.2TB, 2TB 450GB (U.2 only), 1.2TB, 2TB 400GB, 1.2TB, 2TB NAND IMFT 32-layer 3D MLC IMFT 32-layer 3D MLC IMFT 20nm MLC Interface U.2 and PCIe 3 x4 HHHL U.2 and PCIe 3 x4 HHHL U.2 and PCIe 3 x4 HHHL Sequential Read (up to) 1700 MB/s 1600 MB/s 2700 MB/s Sequential Write (up to) 1350 MB/s 1400 MB/s 1800 MB/s 4kB Random Read (up to) 375k IOPS 365k IOPS 430k IOPS 4kB Random Write (up to) 26k IOPS 22k IOPS 28k IOPS 4kB Random 70/30 Read/Write (up to) 80k IOPS 65k IOPS 80k IOPS Warranty 5 years 5 years 5 years SSD DC P3520 U.2 These new SSDs will have a staggered release over the rest of the year. Starting next week the DC P3520 will be shipping, as well as the 128GB, 256GB and 512GB capacities of the SSD 600p and SSD Pro 6000p. The 2.5" DC S3520 will ship in early September. The rest are planned to be available in Q4. Source: Intel Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 49 Comments View All Comments zepi - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link How come endurance is not mentioned for many of the products? Reply plopke - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link Happens more and more , because of cache structures and aimed for regular consumers the worse case scenario would show underwhelming numbers. See SSD like sandisk Ultra II . I don't agree with it but sometimes you can only get review estimates. Reply Billy Tallis - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link Intel only provided the product briefs prior to the announcement. The full spec sheets and ark.intel.com data aren't online yet. Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link And why is it that you care? Have you personally _ever_ lost any data due to an SSD's endurance being too poor? SSD endurance "mattering" is a meme. Reply Paul Tarnowski - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link I did when an old OCZ refused to take anymore writes and just outputted a bunch of errors. I was able to recover most of the data, but it's the main reason I've stuck with Samsung for the last 3-4 years. Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link You essentially just proved my point: My point is that SSD endurance isn't a problem for modern SSDs, in this case, we're talking about new 3D NAND SSD offerings branded by Intel. By your omission, the SSD which "refused to take anymore writes" is an OCZ SSD (widely reputed to be an awful distributor of SSDs ~5 years ago, declared bankruptcy in 2013, and they then got bought out by Toshiba), and as a result you've stuck with Samsung for the last 3-4 years. Therefore, you bought an OCZ SSD back when they had lots of quality issues prior to their bankruptcy (older than the last 3-4 years), experienced one of these quality issues, and have stuck with Samsung drives since then, with presumably no issues. Secondly, SSD endurance is typically measured in full drive writes per day (DWPD), and typical consumer usage of SSDs would be hard pressed to even have a single full drive full of write operations over the span of an entire month. Thirdly, even beyond the normal spec of DWPD, most drives have specs that far underestimate their current capabilities of endurance. NAND flash on even TLC drives lasted over a PetaByte each (hammered by mixed I/O workloads 24/7 for over year) for some drives in TechPowerUp's SSD Endurance Test articles, far beyond any warranty and kept working until the SSDs eventually bricked themselves. http://techreport.com/review/27909/the-ssd-enduran... To be blunt, you could be dumb about wasting endurance by scheduling 3 completely unnecessary (and stupid) defragmentations to your SSD every day, and I'd be willing to bet that the SSD would still be fine after 5 years. These days, typical consumers with typical consumer workloads shouldn't give a squat about SSD endurance metrics, as the SSD is far more likely to outlast its useful lifespan. 5 years from now, you won't care about a 128GB SATA 3 SSD bootdrive, as 512GB SSDs that are faster will be available for cheap, and who knows if manufacturers will still be bothering to include SATA 3 ports on motherboards 10 years from now. SATA is going the way of the IDE port and will disappear soon enough, but chances are, SATA 3 SSDs will keep ticking along, regardless of any "endurance" metrics you may be concerned about. Reply Samus - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link By no coincidence, the only SSD's I've ever seen "lock" themselves were Sandforce-based from OCZ (Vertex 2/3?) and ADATA (S510) which either lend to it being a bad firmware bug (most SF2281 firmware wasn't really stable until it was antiquated) or just two manufactures notorious for using shoddy binning practices. Most of the OCZ NAND should have ended up in USB flash drives, not performance SSD's. Reply FLHerne - Thursday, August 25, 2016 - link I wouldn't say it's *never* a problem - my two-year-old, 120GB SanDisk Ultra II is almost halfway to its rated write lifetime without any stupid workloads, and I don't expect to replace it for any other reason before it reaches that. Afterwards, well, I'll have to see how it behaves. Hopefully the spec is an underestimate, as most tests seem to find. Reply mdw9604 - Tuesday, August 30, 2016 - link Endurance does matter. In the datacenter and enterprise world, only certain SSD's qualify for hard compatiabilty list's if they have certain DWPD's. Database applications and other applications that are write intensive can burn through a consumer rated SSD. Reply bug77 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Because endurance gets worse with every node shrink. 3D NAND mitigates some of that, but it's useful to have some numbers available. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
  Articles & News Forum Graphics & Displays CPU Components Motherboards Games Storage Overclocking Tutorials All categories GPU HIERARCHY CPU HIERARCHY Brands Tutorials Other sites Tom's Guide Tom's IT Pro Login | Sign Up The authority on tech Search Tags: Builds Cases Cooling CPUs Graphics Laptops Memory Monitors Motherboards more Peripherals PSUs Storage VR CPUs News Everything Zen: AMD Presents New Microarchitecture At HotChips by Paul Alcorn August 25, 2016 at 10:25 AM 71 Comments AMD timed its recent revelation of the Zen microarchitecture and Bristol Ridge CPUs at an offsite location during IDF perfectly to steal a bit of Intel's thunder during the former's own show. AMD pulled the veil back on its newest chips, but it painted its achievements only in broad strokes, though it did throw in a Blender rendering benchmark that appeared to put Zen's IPC on par with Intel's beefy Broadwell-E Core i7-6900K. In either case, the picture was enough for investors and enthusiasts alike to catch AMD fever for the first time in years. The rise of Zen brings the promise of a competitive AMD, but the true test lies in the virtues of silicon, and not the promises of a company. Frankly, on the CPU side of things, AMD has left many enthusiasts disappointed for quite some time, so there is justified skepticism on many fronts. AMD dove further into the details of its core microarchitecture at the aptly named HotChips conference, which is a yearly industry event that attracts the best and brightest of the processor world. AMD disclosed more of the core engine details, but it is still holding some basic AM4 and SoC particulars close to the chest, such as memory channel configuration and PCIe support. If it’s any consolation, we had a meeting with AMD Fellow and lead Zen architect Michael Clark, and he informed us that the company would divulge more AM4 details soon. This makes sense, because OEM systems with Bristol Ridge, and thus AM4 motherboards, should hit the channel soon. Sowing The Seeds Of Reduced Power Consumption During his presentation, Clark's illuminating ruminations on the design process added color to the fundamental concepts behind the Zen architecture. Clark has serious chops; he's worked on every in-house x86 processor AMD has designed, and as the lead Zen architect, he had the pleasure of naming the chip. He chose "Zen" in homage to the delicate balance the company had to strike among a multitude of factors to provide a 40% increase in performance while keeping power in check. Clark indicated that transitioning from AMD's current stratified CPU microarchitecture playbook was a challenge. The segmentation features both high-power and low-power designs, but Zen is designed to be a single scalable architecture that can address the full computing spectrum. The company not only had to start with a clean sheet to achieve Feng Shui, but it also had to rethink its entire design process. Designing a microarchitecture that can scale from low-powered fanless notebooks to the fastest supercomputers is fraught with challenges, but achieving a 40% boost in IPC at the same time is even more daunting. Defining a strict power consumption envelope only compounds the problem, so AMD shook up its design process and viewed every architectural decision, from its infancy, through the prism of power consumption. In the past, AMD instituted power refinements later in the design process, but unfortunately, the optimizations occurred after it had already laid the bulk of the architectural foundation. It's always easier to fix the wiring before you've hung the sheetrock, and AMD found a similar problem with its previous design flow. Clark stated that his goal was to "place power on equal footing with frequency and performance," which allowed his team to address power challenges at the early stages of the design process, instead of just trying to tweak a design with existing (and fundamental) inefficiencies. The power-first thinking isn't entirely new; the industry has been pounding the power drums for a decade. In fact, Intel had just presented a run-through of its power optimizations on its aging Skylake architecture (Speed Shift and the like) on the same stage. Intel has set the power efficiency bar very high, so the onus is on AMD to meet or exceed those expectations. For now, AMD has treated us to vague descriptions of a radical performance increase within the same power envelope as Excavator, but it has not released any hard data (such as TDP) to cement its claims. One could rationally assume that Intel's new process, architecture and optimize cadence gives it plenty of time to tweak its existing Skylake architecture into a more power-efficient Kaby Lake design, so the clock is ticking for AMD. Of course, a 40% IPC increase in one generation is much more impressive than Intel's comparatively unimpressive steady trickle of improvements over several generations. However, the fact that a 40% increase only brings Zen to par, or possibly slightly above, the Core i7-6900K (sprinkle grains of salt, liberally), serves to illuminate just how far AMD is behind. Everyone loves the underdog, but only if they win. Let's take a closer look at what steps AMD's taken to regain its footing. The Basics The first stop on the road to reduced power consumption consisted of discarding the 28nm process that AMD employed with the Excavator/Steamroller microarchitectures and adopting GlobalFoundries’ 14nm FinFET process. The road to 14nm FinFET is well traveled; the company began its FinFET journey with the Polaris GPUs. The 14nm FinFET provides more performance within a similar power envelope, and the performance boost is actually the key to reducing overall power consumption. Accelerated performance speeds the “race to idle.” A higher IPC allows the CPU to satisfy workloads faster and thus shutter portions of the chip quickly. AMD uses a multi-level clock gating strategy that reduces power consumption of subsections of the core when they aren’t busy. There is always a bit of a performance tradeoff associated with clock gating, and it can generate bugs as well, so striking the right balance is critical. Clark noted that his team worked hard to ensure that clock gating doesn’t affect the speed paths or critical areas of the chip. At a high level, the company focused on designing a better core engine and cache system in tandem with the aforementioned power optimizations. AMD boosted the core engine by adding an additional thread to each core (Simultaneous Multi-Threading), and also added a micro-op cache to boost ILP (Instruction Level Parallelism). AMD claims the architecture provides 75% more scheduling capacity and a 50% increase in instruction width. Improved branch prediction also steps in to improve performance. The company overhauled the cache architecture to boost performance, and it claims to have doubled the L1 and L2 bandwidth. Wider pipes also fuel a 5X improvement in L3 cache bandwidth.  The high-level block diagram illustrates the flow through the core. It all begins with branch prediction, which feeds instructions into the 64K 4-way I-Cache. Data flows into decode, which then issues four instructions per cycle to the micro-op queue. Micro-ops are also stored in the op cache, which, in turn, serves frequently encountered ops to the queue. This technique boosts performance and saves power by reducing pipeline stages. As expected, Clark declined to comment on the specific length of the pipeline but noted that the op cache scheme allows the company to shorten it. The op cache is a big advance, but the architects also devised a scheme to increase its density and magnify the performance gains. Zen employs a branch fusion technique inside of the op cache so it can hold two ops in a single-op form. The cache can fuse two instructions (a compare and a branch) into one micro-op (one schedule and one execute), and store the fused micro-op until expansion during dispatch. The micro-op queue feeds 6 ops per cycle into the integer and floating point (FP) queues, which is an improvement over the 4-op dispatch with previous architectures. The integer and FP section have their own separate execution pipes, rename, schedulers and register files, so they essentially serve as separate co-processors. The flow continues into the 32K 8-way D-Cache (Data Cache), which has a 512K 8-way L2 cache. Fetch The fetch pipe employs decoupled branch prediction. The company moved the TLB above the other units within the hierarchy to optimize prefetches from the instruction cache. AMD stores two branches per BTB (Branch Target Buffer) entry and employs an ITA (Indirect Target Array) for indirect branches. The 64K instruction cache propels 32 bytes per cycle to decode.  Decode The decode unit highlights some of the key advantages of the op cache. On the left, data flows in through the instruction byte buffer, through the pick stage, and out to the four instruction decode unit. In contrast, the op cache simply serves the micro-ops directly to the micro-op queue, which avoids the three-step process. It also employs the branch fusion technique (covered above). The shorter pipeline reduces exposure to the comparatively high-power decode unit, which reduces redirect latency by “several cycles” and saves power. The stack engine helps eliminate false dependencies, and the memory file provides store-to-load forwarding at dispatch. Dispatch serves 6 micro-ops per cycle to the integer/execute engine.  Execute The integer unit houses a total of six schedulers. Each of the four integer units (ALU) has its own scheduler, and the two AGU (Address Generation Units) have their own independent schedulers. The integer schedulers are all 14 entries deep, and the AGUs feed the load/store queues, which support two loads and one store per cycle. The execute engine has a 192 entry and retire queue. The architecture executes two branches per cycle in both SMT and single-threaded mode. Interestingly, the architecture receives six ops per cycle but can retire eight at a time, which helps restore performance during pipeline stalls. Load/Store And L2 The flow moves from the execute unit into the load/store and L2 area through the split TLB data pipe (fed by two AGU). The design can tolerate 72 out of order loads, and notably, features optimized L1 and L2 prefetchers.  Floating Point Unit The floating point unit actually has a two-level scheduler. The NSQ (non-scheduling queue) enables dispatching instructions to the integer unit through the 192 entry/retire queue. Ops can’t schedule out of the non-scheduling queue, but the load/store queue can start working even though the floating point operations aren't ready. AMD indicated that the technique assures the data is ready to schedule for the floating point side without using the instruction window, which boosts IPC. The normal SQ (Scheduling Queue) schedules ops into two MUL and two ADD units. The floating point scheduler features a 160-entry physical register file. Interestingly, the eight-wide retire option resurfaces in this unit. Also note the two encryption-boosting AES units. Cache Hierarchy The cache architecture was yet another area of drastic improvement, and it pushes 32 bytes per cycle between the different levels. The wider pipes provide enough throughput to connect all of the cores to the L3 victim cache. The architecture employs larger queues to handle L1 and L2 misses, and AMD migrated the L1 cache from a slower write-through technique to write-back. On To The Core Complex AMD arranged the CPU complex (CCX) into four cores connected to a centralized 16-way associative 8MB L3 cache that it split into four slices. All of the cores can access the entire pool of L3 cache (purportedly with the same average latency). Each core also has a private 512KB L2 cache. AMD connects multiple CCXs together to create higher core counts, such as the 8-core/16-thread (2 x CCX) Summit Ridge CPU it used for its presentations, so the Summit Ridge demo CPUs featured a total of 16MB of L3 cache. AMD used the aging HyperTransport interconnect to glue CCX together in the past but would not comment on the technique it is using with the Zen architecture. SMT Overview AMD moved to an SMT (Simultaneous Multi-Threading) design with Zen, as opposed to its old clustered multithreading technique that aimed to keep all of the structures fully available to increase single-threaded performance. The color-coded slide highlights the shared portions of the microarchitecture. Moving to SMT requires "competitive sharing" of caches, decode, execution units and schedulers between the threads. The processor competitively shares some units, but prioritizes others via an algorithmic priority technique. The branch prediction unit and dispatch interface constantly monitor the threads to ensure they get adequate throughput. Thread priorities are adjusted as needed. AMD attempted to avoid statically partitioning units on a per-thread basis, which consists of physically splitting the structure into two (one for each thread). AMD had to statically partition the store queue, retire queue and micro-op queue, but claimed that it still maintains high throughput in SMT mode.  Reaping The Fruits Of A Power-First Architecture? TBD The new architecture appears to make several huge steps forward, and it may just bring us back to the old days of a competitive CPU market. However, AMD is still holding key details out of its presentations, and it's worth noting that we aren't even sure of clock speeds, PCIe lane allocations, memory channel support and a host of other essentials. Most notably, AMD has focused on delivering the power efficiency message but has yet to provide tangible specifics. The move to 14nm FinFET is a great start, but the complexities of on-die power management, and how it plays into the entire SoC picture, are daunting.  The demo of an 8-core Summit Ridge CPU slugging it out with an Intel i7-6900K was encouraging, but it really only serves to illuminate one obviously culled workload. A broader spate of benchmarks will give us more of an indication of where the architecture stands, but there is little doubt that it provides big gains over Excavator and Bulldozer. For many, the real litmus test will be how well Zen can take an overclock, but we still have quite a bit of time before we can make that determination. The industry desperately needs something big. The desktop PC market has been in a sustained freefall for an extended period of time, but maybe a competitive AMD can pop the chute. The slow cadence of incremental performance increases by the dominant Intel has left most of us with no reason to upgrade. In fact, we still recommend the previous-generation i7-5820K over the latest Intel flagship, which says a lot about the state of the industry. That is truly the promise of Zen. AMD doesn't have to beat Intel outright in every benchmark; it just needs to bring the right blend of price and performance to market. A competitive AMD will hopefully spur Intel into action, which might reduce prices and push larger jumps in performance. Intel's extended tick-tock-tock cadence might also be the key to Zen's success. Zen+ Is Waiting In The Wings AMD has its "Zen+" slated for the future, but it will likely consist of tweaks to the same 14nm architecture. The 10nm process isn't coming anytime soon, so it will likely be a Zen versus Kaby Lake competition for some time.  AMD executives repeated the "Zen is not a destination; it's a starting point" mantra during both of the Zen presentations in an obvious ploy to tease the forthcoming Zen+. I hope that the Zen+ refrain isn't a preemptive ploy to defray possible disappointment with the first Zen generation. Designing one microarchitecture to address all market segments is a risky proposition, and AMD has to be careful with our heightened expectations; yet another disappointment could serve it a crushing blow. First, let's see what the first-gen Zen can do. About the author Paul Alcorn @PaulyAlcorn Paul Alcorn is a Contributing Editor for Tom's Hardware US. He writes news and reviews on CPUs, storage and enterprise hardware. Read more CPUs Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the US News comments forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish This thread is closed for comments 71 comments Your comment Top Comments ElGruff Aug 25, 2016, 1:27 PM @KEWLX25 Really? xD Maxwell async drivers? Bumpgate? Fermi Dx12 drivers? Woodscrews? Overstating efficiency of cards? 970 specs? What about their reviewers "guide"? Paying off system builders to drop / slate AMD (Tier 0 programme)? Gameworks (failworks, even destroys performance for their own cards) There's also an ongoing case regarding Nvidia poaching staff from AMD and those staff "stealing" internal documents before they left for team green. The list goes on. AMD doesn't always deliver on promises (they do however build tech that's well ahead of it's time and don't milk their customer base by removing instructions or completely hampering performance) but at least it is an honest company that doesn't employ underhand tactics like it's two biggest competitors. 13 Orumus Aug 25, 2016, 11:12 AM I hope AMD realizes that, considering their standing both financially and with the public, if they burn us again with a complete let down of a CPU there will be no coming back for them. I hope to heck AMD can be competitive, even if only in the high mid-range and lower, not because I love AMD but because I love choice. A healthy AMD is good for us all. 12 Other Comments ssdpro Aug 25, 2016, 10:42 AM Why would AMD already be using a Mantra that there is a Zen+ to follow right behind Zen? AMD needs to focus on Zen. We all know something will follow but specifically spelling out Zen+ will be the optimization of Zen means Zen itself has issues that can be optimized - that or the editor's concern of defraying disappointment is real (and that sucks). The worrisome point is that AMD is still holding back clock speeds, PCIe lanes, and memory support. Hope they aren't pumping the stock with cherry picked details so the management can unload at the next trading window. -5 Sojiro1 Aug 25, 2016, 11:02 AM Amd compared themselves against a downlocked 6900k lol I mean I like them, their amd hype they live on by "challenging" high tech. Lol. In the end I still, and most, buy amd for its budget price. Does anyone else notice how ridiculous these 6 cores 12 thread AMD processors are being promoted to budget gamers..? People who buy amd don't really care about i7 extreme...... more hype less case. Intel cpu, amd gpu. -13 Orumus Aug 25, 2016, 11:12 AM I hope AMD realizes that, considering their standing both financially and with the public, if they burn us again with a complete let down of a CPU there will be no coming back for them. I hope to heck AMD can be competitive, even if only in the high mid-range and lower, not because I love AMD but because I love choice. A healthy AMD is good for us all. 12 photonboy Aug 25, 2016, 11:20 AM There seems to be an assumption that Intel is capable of pumping out significant improvements but just doesn't due to financial reasons (i.e. why bother spending money when it is ahead?). I think the reality is likely that there may not be a lot that can be done to improve the architecture without breaking backwards compatibility. 1 IceMyth Aug 25, 2016, 11:27 AM I was planning to go with Zen and now you tell me there will be Zen+! 3 Brian_R170 Aug 25, 2016, 11:28 AM Yeah, talk of Zen+ is scary when you look at it like that. I am a PC enthusiast and I have hopes that Zen will help fuel a resurgence in the ever-shrinking client PC market. For that to happen, Zen needs to deliver something compelling. Not just the performance/$ game AMD has been playing. It needs to have features that allow PCs to do things they can't do today (form factor, battery life, whatever). If it just matches the features of current Intel CPUs, then the best we can hope for is for PC prices to drop a little, and we already know pricing isn't the reason the PC market is shrinking. 0 clonazepam Aug 25, 2016, 11:34 AM With all of the news about Zen, I think the benchmarks I'm most interested in seeing is the performance at different RAM speeds (and to a lesser extent, quantity, and # of sticks). It's all really exciting, but that point sticks out the most for me. -1 Kewlx25 Aug 25, 2016, 11:39 AM Anonymous said: I hope AMD realizes that, considering their standing both financially and with the public, if they burn us again with a complete let down of a CPU there will be no coming back for them. I hope to heck AMD can be competitive, even if only in the high mid-range and lower, not because I love AMD but because I love choice. A healthy AMD is good for us all. The Bulldozer was a complete miss. Felt like they lied. The Polaris is better than their last gen, but compared to Nvidia, it's a pretty big let down. I already have the feeling they're twisting the truth. Nvidia may be a greedy corp, but at least they mostly tell the truth. -9 emayekayee Aug 25, 2016, 1:26 PM I waited on Zen for a long time. I finally pulled the trigger on Skylake when I got an i5 6600k for $209 back in June. I've been an AMD user since the first Athlons. I had to ask myself, "do I believe AMD is going to release a processor that matches the i5 6600k in gaming performance at a sub $200 price point?" I wish team red all the best, but I think I made the right choice. -1 ElGruff Aug 25, 2016, 1:27 PM @KEWLX25 Really? xD Maxwell async drivers? Bumpgate? Fermi Dx12 drivers? Woodscrews? Overstating efficiency of cards? 970 specs? What about their reviewers "guide"? Paying off system builders to drop / slate AMD (Tier 0 programme)? Gameworks (failworks, even destroys performance for their own cards) There's also an ongoing case regarding Nvidia poaching staff from AMD and those staff "stealing" internal documents before they left for team green. The list goes on. AMD doesn't always deliver on promises (they do however build tech that's well ahead of it's time and don't milk their customer base by removing instructions or completely hampering performance) but at least it is an honest company that doesn't employ underhand tactics like it's two biggest competitors. 13 InvalidError Aug 25, 2016, 1:40 PM Anonymous said: I think the reality is likely that there may not be a lot that can be done to improve the architecture without breaking backwards compatibility. I think the problem is much worse than that: CPU architectures in general are simply reaching the point where any further major IPC improvements are no longer practical due to disproportionate complexity cost: if you make the instruction scheduler more complex to detect more fringe IPC extraction opportunities, it eats die space, it eats power, it makes the critical path longer (more logic involved in the instruction selection) and will reduce achievable clocks on a given process. IBM's Power architecture, Intel's x86 and Itanium, PA-RISC, Alpha, AMD's x86 and other CPU architectures have taken different paths in their CPU core designs but they all achieved comparable per-core performance. ARM is slowly catching up but will hit the same performance scaling bottlenecks as everyone else once it gets done maturing simply due to typical software instruction mixes and patterns. Regardless of what instruction set or architecture you use, there is only so much that hardware with infinite resources can do to improve IPC when every 12th or so instruction is a conditional branch in typical software. 7 bloodroses Aug 25, 2016, 1:41 PM Anonymous said: @KEWLX25 Really? xD Maxwell async drivers? Bumpgate? Fermi Dx12 drivers? Woodscrews? Overstating efficiency of cards? 970 specs? What about their reviewers "guide"? Paying off system builders to drop / slate AMD (Tier 0 programme)? Gameworks (failworks, even destroys performance for their own cards) There's also an ongoing case regarding Nvidia poaching staff from AMD and those staff "stealing" internal documents before they left for team green. The list goes on. AMD doesn't always deliver on promises (they do however build tech that's well ahead of it's time and don't milk their customer base by removing instructions or completely hampering performance) but at least it is an honest company that doesn't employ underhand tactics like it's two biggest competitors. Don't forget the 1060 3GB being a crippled form of their 6GB variant with reduced cuda cores, but still called a 1060. Also, there was the whole lawsuit about the 8600m series of laptop gpu's having faulty parts: http://www.tomshardware.com/news/nvidia-geforce-faulty-defect-gpu,7795.html * edit: After googling nvidia bumpgate, I just noticed the 8600m lawsuit was a part of it; my bad... lol * 9 George Phillips Aug 25, 2016, 2:06 PM AMD don't you fail on us this time like what Bulldozer did. We need AMD to be ACTUALLY competitive in terms of performance against Intel's offerings. 1 Discorama Aug 25, 2016, 2:10 PM AMD chose density over performance for their CP and GPUs. They will not be able to match Intel and, as we already know, NVIDIA on clock rates. Their foundry partner is suspect in being able to compete in the 14nm space as well which might be another reason they can't reach parity. I'm guessing that OCing will be pretty much a pointless topic for Zen. Sounds negative but AMD will have the best bang for the buck. NVIDIA trounces AMD in the GPU space for performance per watt but I'll be getting a 480. It is a much better deal and more future proof especially when you add in the cost benefit of Free Sync. I'll wait for Zen before my next build but frankly, I'm surrounded by older generation i5s. I doubt I'll see a reason to buy Zen (or Cabby). I think the only thing that might sway me on a newer platform is support (that the older platforms don't offer) for the new crossbar memory solutions I might be interested in AMD's new APUs for family non-gaming builds though. I think that depends if their GFX performance will be up to snuff and that will only happen if the integrate HBM as rumored. 0 Eblislyge Aug 25, 2016, 2:22 PM I believe Amd is on track. They released polaris to dominate the low and mid range market and from the look of things I believe they are on track to accomplish this task. As far as Zen goes it does not have to beat Intel in performance it simply needs to be in the ball park and then priced attractively. This will in turn force Intel to lower prices which is what all consumers want. Great tech at affordable prices. so Intel may have the faster chips but if its only 10% faster but 20% more expensive there are multitudes of people who will opt for the cheaper chips. 6 InvalidError Aug 25, 2016, 2:33 PM Anonymous said: Great tech at affordable prices. so Intel may have the faster chips but if its only 10% faster but 20% more expensive there are multitudes of people who will opt for the cheaper chips. If AMD's CPU have the same performance-per-watt deficit as their GPUs have, the other 10% in up-front cost difference may get more than made up by the $10-20/year increased power cost. -2 ElGruff Aug 25, 2016, 2:46 PM @InvalidError Efficiency is more of a concern for the server market and Nvidia cards aren't really that much more efficient anyway - their drivers are generally aware of power virus's, reviewers have to abide by strict review "guides", and, Maxwell / Pascal are gaming orientated cards (accounts for a lot of the efficiency). Another way at looking at it is that you are going to have to spend another £/$600 in a year or so when Nv finally release DX12/Vulkan cards. WRT to their CPU's I get the feeling that they will compete on efficiency (partially) at the cost of frequency (use of high density cell libraries). 1 ammaross Aug 25, 2016, 2:52 PM Anonymous said: Why would AMD already be using a Mantra that there is a Zen+ to follow right behind Zen? AMD needs to focus on Zen. We all know something will follow but specifically spelling out Zen+ will be the optimization of Zen means Zen itself has issues that can be optimized - that or the editor's concern of defraying disappointment is real (and that sucks). The worrisome point is that AMD is still holding back clock speeds, PCIe lanes, and memory support. Hope they aren't pumping the stock with cherry picked details so the management can unload at the next trading window. We know Intel has an "optimized" Kaby Lake coming out after their microarchitecture Skylake. AMD said they have Zen+ optimized CPU coming out after Zen. It's the same thing. They can only do so much in a product time window and have to defer some optimizations for the next product. It's what happens. They're not "focusing on Zen+," merely letting you know they have a future roadmap, just like Intel lets us know. 7 drchainsaw Aug 25, 2016, 3:51 PM "AMD executives repeated the "Zen is not a destination; it's a starting point" mantra during both of the Zen presentations in an obvious ploy to tease the forthcoming Zen+." Yes, yes, keep waiting. AMD will be good someday, but not this time! At this point the most impressive thing about AMD is how they aren't bankrupt yet. -6 Crystalizer Aug 25, 2016, 3:57 PM Anonymous said: Anonymous said: I hope AMD realizes that, considering their standing both financially and with the public, if they burn us again with a complete let down of a CPU there will be no coming back for them. I hope to heck AMD can be competitive, even if only in the high mid-range and lower, not because I love AMD but because I love choice. A healthy AMD is good for us all. The Bulldozer was a complete miss. Felt like they lied. The Polaris is better than their last gen, but compared to Nvidia, it's a pretty big let down. I already have the feeling they're twisting the truth. Nvidia may be a greedy corp, but at least they mostly tell the truth. They did sneaky with the 970 4gb memory thingy and they lost the lawsuit case if I remember right. AMD is under a lot of pressure. Lots of miscommunication might be happening under the hood. Who knows. 1 Display All 71 comments Display more comments Most Popular Intel Lights Up Silicon, Shipping Silicon Photonics Transceivers AMD Stock Continues To Skyrocket After Zen Unveiling, Up 330 Percent This Year AMD Unveils Zen Microarchitecture, Demos Summit Ridge Performance Tom's Hardware Around the World Tom's Hardware Around the World Russia France Germany UK Italy USA Subscribe to Tom's Hardware Search the site Ok About Tom's Hardware Advertising About us Contact Purch Privacy Policy Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Copyright © 2017 Purch Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved Tom's Hardware Guide ™ Ad choices
null
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing IBM details next-gen Power 9, will take the fight to Intel’s data center strongholds IBM details next-gen Power 9, will take the fight to Intel’s data center strongholds By Joel Hruska on August 25, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment The story of how Intel rose to dominance in the server and workstation markets was written more than a decade ago. Once upon a time (the late 1980s and early 1990s), various RISC, CISC, and SPARC architectures dominated the high-end PC industry, even as consumer PCs overwhelmingly opted for x86 designs. Intel leveraged both economies of scale and its alliance with Microsoft to push x86 processors into both data centers and workstations. By 2000, Intel had seized the majority of the market, forcing companies like IBM and Sun into smaller and smaller niches. Today, IBM wants to reverse that trend — and it thinks Power 9 is the chip to do it. The new cores will come in two flavors; a “scale-out” design meant for large HPC applications and supercomputers with support for four or more CPU sockets and a “scale-up” design with 1-2 sockets. Next Platform reports that there will be four flavors of Power 9 in total, varying in terms of total core count, direct-attached memory, the amount of simultaneous multi-threading (SMT) per-core, and support for various co-processors and other types of compute hardware (ASICS, FPGAs, and GPUs). Power 9 processors can be attached directly to various accelerators rather than communicating via the PCI Express bus. Some of the variants will also support IBM’s Centaur memory buffer technology to improve performance and implement an L4 cache. The Power 9 die. Power 9 CPUs will be built by GlobalFoundries on its 14nm process node and will be the first chips to implement Power ISA 3.0. This is the first version of the ISA to be released since IBM launched its OpenPOWER initiative and the first to support AltiVec 3 instructions. Like SSE or AVX, AltiVec is a single instruction multiple data (SIMD) instruction set, but how much additional performance it’ll deliver over its predecessor isn’t currently clear. Challenging Intel, ARM… and AMD? ARM, AMD, and IBM have all announced fresh challenges to Intel’s near-total dominance of the data center market in the past few weeks. Data centers aren’t just a lucrative market — they’re one of the only areas of computing that’s actually growing. The tablet market is shrinking, smartphone markets in the developing world are maturing rapidly, and the PC industry has been in free-fall for nearly five years. The growth of cloud computing and services like Google and Facebook means that selling to these customers has become essential to top-end server providers. Each company is making different moves to address these markets. AMD, of course, has Zen, its new architecture that it hopes will offer potent competition for its long-time rival. ARM added a flexible vector instruction set to boost performance in HPC workloads, and IBM is launching an all-new iteration of the Power architecture. Image by Next Platform “We started with a 64 bit compute building block and we coupled that with a 64 bit load store building block,” Brian Thompto, senior technical staff at IBM said in his Hot Chips presentation. “Each compute building block has a heterogeneous mix of compute, fixed and float, supporting scalar and vector. This allows us to obtain high utilization of our compute resources while also providing seamless exchange of data and shared data paths. It also serves as an efficient building block for managing instruction flow through the machine. We couple two of these 64 bit slices together to make a 128 bit superslice, and this is our physical design building block.” IBM’s new cores and their peripheral accelerators will be tied together by its custom on-chip fabric. L3 cache bandwidth is said to be 256GB/s, with support for PCI Express 4.0 (when that standard is available), multiple 25Gb/s “Bluelink” ports (these are used for the attached accelerators and for Nvidia’s NVLink 2.0 protocol). Aggregate bandwidth from all these sources is over 7TB/s, though the chip would rarely leverage all of these devices simultaneously. IBM claims that Power 9 will offer up to 2x the performance of Power 8 per socket — and it’s already courting at least one significant customer. Google has reportedly field-tested Power 8 and has said it would move to Power 9 if doing so would save it 20% power compared with using Intel hardware. Betting against Intel in this space is risky — the CPU giant is well aware of how critical data centers are to its bottom line, and its more than willing to spend big bucks to defend its market share. At the same time, Intel’s near-total dominance of the market gives its competitors nowhere to go but up. If ARM, AMD, and IBM collectively took 15% of the market away from Intel over the next few years it would be a significant achievement and revenue generator for each — and a significant loss for Intel. Tagged In google intel amd ARM ibm x86 power hpc Zen data centers power8 datacenter data center high performance computing openpower POWER9 NV Link SPARC Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
CLOSE Home News Operators MVNOs Dealers Distributors Wearable Tech Retailers Unified Comms International Irish Features Forward Features List Reviews Awards TV Contact Contact Us Events Mobile World Congress Beyond Mobile Conference IFA Trending Now EE scores well in latest test of London CCS end the year with three new additions Exertis embrace the Force with Rooftop Group BT announce mobile plans for businesses Vodafone most complained about operator for eighth consecutive quarter Follow Us Home News Operators MVNOs Dealers Distributors Wearable Tech Retailers Unified Comms International Irish Features Forward Features List Reviews Awards TV Contact Contact Us Events Mobile World Congress Beyond Mobile Conference IFA Home News Intel VirusScan software to come pre-installed on Galaxy Note7 News Manufacturers Intel VirusScan software to come pre-installed on Galaxy Note7 By Alex Yau - August 25, 2016 0 1993 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter The software is designed to protect Note7 owners fro malicious malware viruses designed to steal personal information The Samsung Galaxy Note7 will come pre-installed with Intel’s McAfee VirusScan mobile security software, which is designed to protect smartphones from malicious malware viruses. Malware is the term used to describe any virus created with the purpose of infecting a device to steal personal information or lock owners out. The South Korean hardware manufacturer claims the software has already protected millions of Galaxy owners from these dangers. Galaxy S6, S6 edge, S7 and S7 edge also have VirusScan software pre-installed. According to the latest Intel McAfee Lab Threats Report published in June, there are over 305 new malware viruses created a minute, equivalent to more than five every second. The total number of dangers has also steadily been on the rise in recent years. There were over 550 million viruses in Q1 2016, an year-on-year increase from 400 million. The same period in 2014 saw just 260 million recorded viruses. Intel Security corporate vice president John Giamatteo said: “Mobile threats continue to grow and be more sophisticated as we become increasingly connected. Now mobile devices are the tip of the spear for new hacking method. “Intel Security is combatting these growing mobile threats by collaborating with mobile device manufacturer Samsung to keep customer’s mobile devices, data and privacy safe from vulnerabilities.” Samsung Mobile security technology vice president Henry Lee added: “Security and privacy are at the core of what we do and what we think about every day. It is very important to provide a high level of protection at all times to our customers” The Note7 (£699.99) has been available for preorder from August 17, with general sale opening on September 2. TAGS Intel McAfee Samsung Samsung Galaxy Note7 VirusScan SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleGalaxy Note7 UK launch unaffected despite pre-order stock selling out Next articleIs 4G keeping up with channel expectations? Alex Yau http://www.mobilenewscwp.co.uk RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR EE scores well in latest test of London CCS end the year with three new additions Exertis embrace the Force with Rooftop Group NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply The leading news source for the mobile communications industry 8-10 Godson Street Islington London N1 9GZ Editorial Team Telephone: 020 7278 0795 Email: editorial@mobilenewscwp.co.uk Advertising Business Development Manager: Garry Wybourn – 0203 122 0872 / 07747 632 553 POPULAR POSTS Reaction: Can Huawei really overtake Apple and Samsung? June 29, 2016 News page 10 January 1, 2007 Mystery caller: mobile Wi-Fi June 3, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORIES News14332 Archive5129 Manufacturers2535 Operators2478 Distributors972 Features729 Retailers727 Dealers639 Comment601
null
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing IBM details next-gen Power 9, will take the fight to Intel’s data center strongholds IBM details next-gen Power 9, will take the fight to Intel’s data center strongholds By Joel Hruska on August 25, 2016 at 7:30 am Comment The story of how Intel rose to dominance in the server and workstation markets was written more than a decade ago. Once upon a time (the late 1980s and early 1990s), various RISC, CISC, and SPARC architectures dominated the high-end PC industry, even as consumer PCs overwhelmingly opted for x86 designs. Intel leveraged both economies of scale and its alliance with Microsoft to push x86 processors into both data centers and workstations. By 2000, Intel had seized the majority of the market, forcing companies like IBM and Sun into smaller and smaller niches. Today, IBM wants to reverse that trend — and it thinks Power 9 is the chip to do it. The new cores will come in two flavors; a “scale-out” design meant for large HPC applications and supercomputers with support for four or more CPU sockets and a “scale-up” design with 1-2 sockets. Next Platform reports that there will be four flavors of Power 9 in total, varying in terms of total core count, direct-attached memory, the amount of simultaneous multi-threading (SMT) per-core, and support for various co-processors and other types of compute hardware (ASICS, FPGAs, and GPUs). Power 9 processors can be attached directly to various accelerators rather than communicating via the PCI Express bus. Some of the variants will also support IBM’s Centaur memory buffer technology to improve performance and implement an L4 cache. The Power 9 die. Power 9 CPUs will be built by GlobalFoundries on its 14nm process node and will be the first chips to implement Power ISA 3.0. This is the first version of the ISA to be released since IBM launched its OpenPOWER initiative and the first to support AltiVec 3 instructions. Like SSE or AVX, AltiVec is a single instruction multiple data (SIMD) instruction set, but how much additional performance it’ll deliver over its predecessor isn’t currently clear. Challenging Intel, ARM… and AMD? ARM, AMD, and IBM have all announced fresh challenges to Intel’s near-total dominance of the data center market in the past few weeks. Data centers aren’t just a lucrative market — they’re one of the only areas of computing that’s actually growing. The tablet market is shrinking, smartphone markets in the developing world are maturing rapidly, and the PC industry has been in free-fall for nearly five years. The growth of cloud computing and services like Google and Facebook means that selling to these customers has become essential to top-end server providers. Each company is making different moves to address these markets. AMD, of course, has Zen, its new architecture that it hopes will offer potent competition for its long-time rival. ARM added a flexible vector instruction set to boost performance in HPC workloads, and IBM is launching an all-new iteration of the Power architecture. Image by Next Platform “We started with a 64 bit compute building block and we coupled that with a 64 bit load store building block,” Brian Thompto, senior technical staff at IBM said in his Hot Chips presentation. “Each compute building block has a heterogeneous mix of compute, fixed and float, supporting scalar and vector. This allows us to obtain high utilization of our compute resources while also providing seamless exchange of data and shared data paths. It also serves as an efficient building block for managing instruction flow through the machine. We couple two of these 64 bit slices together to make a 128 bit superslice, and this is our physical design building block.” IBM’s new cores and their peripheral accelerators will be tied together by its custom on-chip fabric. L3 cache bandwidth is said to be 256GB/s, with support for PCI Express 4.0 (when that standard is available), multiple 25Gb/s “Bluelink” ports (these are used for the attached accelerators and for Nvidia’s NVLink 2.0 protocol). Aggregate bandwidth from all these sources is over 7TB/s, though the chip would rarely leverage all of these devices simultaneously. IBM claims that Power 9 will offer up to 2x the performance of Power 8 per socket — and it’s already courting at least one significant customer. Google has reportedly field-tested Power 8 and has said it would move to Power 9 if doing so would save it 20% power compared with using Intel hardware. Betting against Intel in this space is risky — the CPU giant is well aware of how critical data centers are to its bottom line, and its more than willing to spend big bucks to defend its market share. At the same time, Intel’s near-total dominance of the market gives its competitors nowhere to go but up. If ARM, AMD, and IBM collectively took 15% of the market away from Intel over the next few years it would be a significant achievement and revenue generator for each — and a significant loss for Intel. Tagged In google intel amd ARM ibm x86 power hpc Zen data centers power8 datacenter data center high performance computing openpower POWER9 NV Link SPARC Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
null
null

null
Dienstag, 03.01.2017 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»INTEL AKTIE»QNAP Launches Enterprise ZFS NAS ES1640dc, Featuring Intel Xeon E5 Dual Active Controllers for Near-zero Downtime Reliable Services INTEL CORPORATION 35,094  Euro +0,23 +0,66 % WKN: 855681  ISIN: US4581401001 Ticker-Symbol: INL  Frankfurt | 02.01.17 | 19:51 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheHalbleiter AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 34,997 35,138 02.01. 34,97 35,10 02.01. 25.08.2016 | 10:52 (14 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire QNAP Launches Enterprise ZFS NAS ES1640dc, Featuring Intel Xeon E5 Dual Active Controllers for Near-zero Downtime Reliable Services TAIPEI, Taiwan, August 25, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- QNAP Systems, Inc. launched the new Enterprise ZFS NAS ES1640dc, a whole-new product line for mission-critical tasks and intensive virtualization applications. Representing a milestone for QNAP's step into the enterprise storage market, the ES1640dc delivers business-class cloud computing data storage with Intel® Xeon® E5 processors, dual active controllers, and full support for virtualization environments. The ES1640dc runs the new FreeBSD-based QES operating system that assists businesses in building the most cost-efficient VDI platform and storage for critical data with near-limitless snapshots, block-level data deduplication, and thin provisioning with reclaim. The ES1640dc is powered by Intel® Xeon® E5-2420 v2 processors with 32GB RAM and features dual active-active controllers, providing businesses with near-zero downtime high availability. Other features include battery-protected DRAM write cache, dual 10GbE ports, optional 40GbE NIC, redundant power supplies, and a field-replaceable design for easier maintenance. The new FreeBSD-based QES operating system also provides advanced features including flexible storage pools, simplified management, high-performance SSD cache, near-limitless snapshots, SnapSync, block-based data deduplication, in-line compression and thin provisioning with reclaim for optimized utilization in virtual machine storage. "The ES1640dc adopts dual active-active controllers to provide the utmost reliability and high availability," said Waterball Liu, Product Manager of QNAP, adding "The new QES operating system provides superior system functionality, but also provides a similar user experience as our well-reputed QTS operating system to make it easier for existing QNAP NAS users to learn the system." As QNAP's first OpenStack Ready NAS, the ES1640dc is suitable for virtualization, virtual desktop environments, and is the best choice for cloud applications. QES supports iSCSI Cinder Node drivers and provides block-level storage space to virtual machines. It accelerates the deployment of virtual machines, enhances virtual machine image access efficiency through iSCSI, and is easier to integrate into commercial cloud storage platforms. "VDI applications usually contain lots of duplicate data, and block-based data deduplication and data compression can help reduce storage usage, achieving optimal virtual desktop performance as deduplicated virtual desktops become easier to cache," added Liu. The ES1640dc is also certified for VMware® vSphere' 6.0, and is compatible with Microsoft® Hyper-V®, benefiting flexible deployment and management in virtualization environments. The ES1640dc supports VMware VAAI and Microsoft ODX to increase performance by offloading server loading for ESXi server and Hyper-V respectively. The QNAP vSphere Client plug-in, web plug-in and QNAP SMI-S provider are also supported to enhance operational and management in virtualization applications. EJ1600 expansion enclosures are also available for the ES1640dc. They connect via the dual path mini-SAS design to sustain continuous operations even if an external cable is disconnected. Key specifications Enterprise ZFS NAS ES1640dcï¼š Dual-controller, 3U rackmount model; Intel® Xeon® E5-2420 v2 6-core processor, 32GB DDR3 ECC RDIMM for main memory and 16GB write cache DIMM per controller; 16x 3.5"/2.5" SAS 6Gbps hard drives or 2.5" SAS/SATA SSDs (optional LSISS9252 SAS-to-SATA Interposer is required); mSATA SSD dedicated to NVRAM; 2x 10GbE (RJ45) LAN ports; PCIe Gen3 x8 slot: reserved for 40GbE or 10GbE LAN card, PCIe Gen2 x4 slot: reserved for dual path Mini-SAS; 2x USB 3.0 ports; 770W redundant power supplies. Expansion enclosure EJ1600: Dual-controller, 3U rackmount model; 2x Mini-SAS ports; 16x 3.5"/2.5" SAS 6Gbps hard drives or 2.5" SAS/SATA SSDs (optional LSISS9252 SAS-to-SATA Interposer is required); 450W redundant power supplies. Availability The Enterprise ZFS NAS ES1640dc and expansion enclosure EJ1600 are now available. For further details on other QNAP NAS solutions and more information on where to buy, please visithttp://www.qnap.com. About QNAP Systems, Inc. QNAP Systems, Inc., as its brand promise "Quality Network Appliance Provider", aims to deliver comprehensive offerings of cutting edge network attached storage (NAS) and network video recorder (NVR) solutions featured with ease-of-use, robust operation, large storage capacity, and trustworthy reliability. QNAP integrates technologies and designs to bring forth quality products that effectively improve business efficiency on file sharing, virtualization applications, storage management and surveillance in the business environments, as well as enrich entertainment life for home users with the offering of a fun multimedia center experience. Headquartered in Taipei, QNAP delivers its solutions to the global market with nonstop innovation. More information is athttp://www.qnap.com. Media Contact: marketing@qnap.com © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu INTEL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 00:04 We're partnering FG to boost ports investment -Andrew Dawes, CEO, Intels Nigeria Limited ► Artikel lesen Mo Dell launches XPS 13 2-in-1 laptop with Intel Kaby Lake chip, starts at $1,000 ► Artikel lesen Mo Samsung, Intel und Apple: Die Top-Produkte im Channel im dritten Quartal 2016 ► Artikel lesen Mo Microsoft, Intel era at CES gives way to rising star Nvidia ► Artikel lesen Mo Thecus Expands Its Enterprise Line-Up With Two Intel-Based Network Attached Windows Storage Servers ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff Holiday Charity The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff Holiday Charity The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 26 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 2, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 2, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 26 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Is China’s bid for chip supremacy unrealistic? By DAVID RAMLI Bloomberg News First Published Aug 25 2016 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Aug 25 2016 01:05 am Share This Article China faces an uphill battle in its push to become the global leader in computer chips because of a lack of technological know-how and talent, according to an analysis by Bain & Co. China is one of the world's largest consumers of semiconductor devices thanks to its manufacturing might, and is planning to spend more than $100 billion to become also a premier supplier to the planet. The global consultancy estimates that by 2020, almost 55 percent of the world's memory, logic and analog chips will flow to or through the country. But the vast majority of the microchips that act as the brains of products like Apple's iPhone are largely imported from companies like Intel Corp. and Samsung Electronics. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The government in 2014 moved to change this with plans to invest more than $100 billion and become a leading global player. It's also driven consolidation among domestic suppliers to maximize its investments, including the $2.8 billion merger of Tsinghua Unigroup and Wuhan Xinxin Semiconductor Manufacturing announced last month. China's effort to build a world-leading semiconductor industry is part of a broader effort to wean itself off foreign technology. But financial investment will not be enough to buy leadership of the semiconductor sector, which is worth around $1 trillion according to Singapore-based Bain partner Kevin Meehan. The country currently makes just 15 percent of the semiconductors it consumes, Bain said in a report. And by 2020, the consultancy expects Chinese-based plants to produce just 7 percent of the world's microchips, barely up from current levels. "China is coming at it in a pretty smart and intelligent way," he said. "But I don't see a path for them to own leading-edge processor technology and that is the foundation of Intel, the foundation of Samsung's success." Efforts by Chinese companies to buy rivals with intellectual property in the processor and memory markets have run afoul of regulators around the world. Plans for a $3.8 billion investment in Western Digital Corp. were scrapped amid a U.S. security review and investments in Taiwanese chip companies face regulatory obstacles and have stoked political tension. "Assuming they can spend it all, the biggest risk is that they end up with a whole bunch of fragmented and weak follower positions," Meehan said. "There's ways for them to have influence over greater than 10 percent if they're partnering well, but otherwise I think you're essentially capped there." Meehan said China's semiconductor makers could eventually learn from partnerships with global giants and become one of the larger suppliers of key components like computer memory. Both Intel and Qualcomm have agreed to build semiconductor fabrication plants there in partnership with local providers. "If you take a long view -- not five years but decades -- then certainly you'd have to believe there's some absorption," he said. "But people are careful not to put their leading edge IP in China." "I don't see a way to get there without licensing or buying."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Utah football: Utes hire Eastern Washington playcaller Troy Taylor as offensive coordinator Salt Lake City ranked as nation's second-friendliest city Bears Ears backers say work is needed to ensure designation results in protection -- not degradation Utah woman has no regrets quitting Mormon Tabernacle Choir over Trump inauguration performance Kirby: Here's my 2017 Mormon church manual ELEVATE Ririe-Woodbury to Perform ‘Wiggle-Friendly’ Family Matinée as Part of its Winter Season   Six Days and Hundreds of Reasons to Attend EVE WinterFest   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews Guru3D Rig of the Month - December 2016 Corsair Force MP500 480GB M2 NVMe SSD review ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1050 Ti MINI Review Preview: Core i5 7600K processor - Desktop Kaby Lake Crucial MX300 2TB SSD review Editorial: AMD Zen is now RYZEN processor Radeon Crimson Driver December 2016 Performance Analysis Thecus N4810 NAS review AMD Radeon Crimson ReLive Edition Driver Overview Teamgroup T-Force Night Hawk 3000 MHz 16GB Dual Channel DDR4 memory review New Downloads GeForce 376.48 Hotfix driver download HWiNFO64 Download v5.42 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 16.12.2 driver download Samsung NVMe SSD Driver Download v2.0 3DMark Download v.2.2.3509 + Time Spy GeForce 376.33 WHQL driver download GPU-Z Download 1.15.0 Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.4.0 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 16.12.1 driver download GeForce 376.19 WHQL driver download New Forum Topics AMD Ryzen Processors reach 5 GHz On Air Deus Ex: Mankind Divided? AMD Launches Countdown for Vega Architecture Preview How long will my CPU survive? High DX11 CPU overhead, very low performance. AMD Crimson ReLive 16.12.2 Download & Discussion D-link DHP-601AV Powerline Adapter F/W ViewSonic VP2771 27-inch Monitor with SuperClear IPS Panel Samsung to share the cause of the Note 7 issues this month Your worst product support experiences Guru3D.com » News » Intel Core i7 7700K and more Kaby Lake Information Intel Core i7 7700K and more Kaby Lake Information by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 08/22/2016 01:12 PM | Source | 35 comment(s) Right after IDF a lot of chatter has hit the web. As planned Intel is going to release Kaby Lake architecture based processors in the coming months. The desktop processors based on Kaby will use LGA 1151. Two processors will be an unlocked K series processor.  Kaby Lake will already be the 3rd generation processors that Intel fabs at 14nm. The Kaby Lake generation will be the successor to the current Skylake generation. That makes Kaby Lake the third step in Intel's "process-architecture-optimization' strategy. The chips are, much like Broadwell and Skylake, produced at 14nm, but should get some optimizations including support for Optane-SSD's. Intel will release three product stacks based on power utilization, LGA1151-Standard Power; LGA1151-Low Power; and LGA1151-Ultra Low Power based on the processor TDP. Information that reaches us through OCaholic shows standard Power Core i7-7700K and the Core i5-7600K. These K models obviously have unlocked multipliers.  Earlier this year the specs of Intel Core i7 7700K Kaby Lake already processor surfaced in the SiSoft SANDRA benchmark results page. The Core i7 7700K listed would be a quad-core with HyperThreading enabling 8 logical CPUs. The clock frequencies have changed towards higher numbers though. As it stands now this flagship quad-core processor is clocked at 4.2 GHz and can Boost to 4.50 GHz. To compare a little, a Core i7 6700K runs at 4.00 GHz with a boost to 4.20 GHz. The cache is the same, 256 KB per-core L2, and 8 MB shared L3 caches. Clock-for-clock and core for core you should not expect much performance differences though. The processors will use the current socket LGA1151 which means that after a motherboard firmware upgrade, you should be ready to go with your current motherboard. The second K model would be the Core i5-7600K and will get a 3.80 GHz clock that may boost towards its 4.00 GHz Turbo. It will have less L3 cache (6 MB) and also will lack hyper-threading. Lower in the stack will be lower TDP based SKUs like the i7-7700 (non-K) with a 3.60 GHz base clock and TBA turbo clock.   Processor Name Frequency (GHz) Cache C/T Turbo Boost (GHz) Intel HD Graphics Dynamic Frequency (MHz) Unlocked USD Socket 1151 Standard Power (95W) i7-7700K 4.20 8 MB 4/8 4.50 Next Gen HD Graphics TBA Yes TBA i5-7600K 3.80 6 MB 4/4 4.00 Next Gen HD Graphics TBA Yes TBA Socket 1151 Low Power (65W) i7-7700 3.60 8 MB 4/8 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA i5-7600 3.50 6 MB 4/4 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA i5-7500 3.40 6 MB 4/4 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA i5-7400 3.30 6 MB 4/4 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA Socket 1151 Ultra Low Power (35W) i7-7700T 2.90 8 MB 4/8 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA i5-7600T 2.70 6 MB 4/4 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA i5-7500T 2.40 6 MB 4/4 TBA Next Gen HD Graphics TBA No TBA K - Unlocked T - Power-optimized lifestyle Even at 35 Watt there will be a Ultra Low Power quad-core processor, the Core i7-7700T will have 2.90 GHz clocks and 8 MB of L3 cache. More SKUs can be spotted in the table, courtesy of OCaholic.  Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Review: MSI GeForce GTX 1060 Gaming X 3GB · Intel Core i7 7700K and more Kaby Lake Information · Samsung to offer GDDR6 at 14 to 16Gbps Bandwidth - Launches 2018 » Related Stories Intel Core i7-6950X Benchmarked Against i7-5960X - 05/05/2016 06:46 PM If you check out our forums, you'll notice that Silicon lottery has posted benchmark results of the Intel Core i7-6950X Tested Against a Core i7-5960X.... Intel Core i7 7700K Kaby Lake makes an appearance - it's another quad-core - 05/02/2016 01:37 PM And it's once again a quad-core processors clocked in the 3.60 GHz region with a TurboBoost frequency of 4.20 GHz. Kabi lake is the This 3rd generation processors that Intel fabs at 14nm. The desk... Intel Core i7-6950X Engineering Sample Spotted and Sells for $1950 - 05/02/2016 07:19 AM We see it often, sometimes engineering samples make their way to e-bay prior to being released. One lucky dude was able to get his hands on a Core i7-6950X, the new ten-core processor. It came at a p... Intel Core i7-6950X Broadwell-E Launches in 2nd Quarter 2016 - 11/19/2015 09:39 AM At least that's what a leaked slide says. Broadwell-E is of course the mac-daddy version of Intel's processors, much like the current Core i7 5960X the 6000 series is to launch as flashship process... Intel Core i7-6950X Broadwell-E has 10 Cores and 20 Threads - 11/13/2015 09:23 AM Asia based xfastest was able to get their hands on some new info regarding the enthusiast lineup of Broadwell, yes Broadwell-E. In their item they mention four new Broadwell-E processors, the flagship... 3 pages 1 2 3 kastriot Master Guru Posts: 458 Joined: 2008-04-23 #5324683 Posted on: 08/22/2016 01:29 PM 4004 8086 80186 80286 80386 80486 P1(P5&P6) P2+P3 P4 Core2 Corei7 2xxx,3xxx,4xxx,5xxx,6xxx,7xxx,???? Undying Ancient Guru Posts: 8884 Joined: 2008-08-28 #5324684 Posted on: 08/22/2016 01:31 PM Still 4/4 for i5 and 4/8 for i7. I really hope Zen will be competitive and Intel stop selling us overpriced quad-cores. sverek Maha Guru Posts: 2275 Joined: 2011-01-02 #5324686 Posted on: 08/22/2016 01:34 PM weird, I heard rumor Intel gonna start making true 6 cores for i5 chips. Undying Ancient Guru Posts: 8884 Joined: 2008-08-28 #5324688 Posted on: 08/22/2016 01:36 PM weird, I heard rumor Intel gonna start making true 6 cores for i5 chips. Coffee Lake or Cannonlake. As you can see Kaby Lake is another quad-core which sucks. Ziggymac Member Guru Posts: 50 Joined: 2015-01-22 #5324707 Posted on: 08/22/2016 02:25 PM They're nothing but Skylake's equivalent to Haswell's 'Devils canyon' refresh, as someone who got burned with Intel's lies about upgrade paths for Z97 owners, you'd do well to stay away from these if building a system from new. Kaarme Master Guru Posts: 429 Joined: 2013-03-10 #5324711 Posted on: 08/22/2016 02:34 PM As pitiful as ever. Unless you want an overprised Optane SSD, assuming you could somehow snatch one from the corporate channels, this is utterly worthless. Overclock a Skylake and you've got a Kaby lake. I really want Zen to succeed. Intel sucks more (money) than an industrial vacuum cleaner with a 5kW motor. Solfaur Ancient Guru Posts: 6075 Joined: 2005-08-10 #5324734 Posted on: 08/22/2016 03:14 PM Yawn... I'm starting to loose track of these releases. I too hope AMD will succeed, just to spice things up after Intel domination for like over 5 years. Though I plan to stay on my X99 system for at least another 2 years, I am looking forward to finally see significant performance bumps again. NiColaoS Master Guru Posts: 431 Joined: 2011-01-17 #5324746 Posted on: 08/22/2016 03:37 PM The funny thing would be when Intel will ask for new socket with 8xxx series. Undoubtedly, my 4690 stay as is. Focus on GPU -I hope the rumor Nvidia will build the new GPUs with Samsung and 14nm. Mannerheim Ancient Guru Posts: 4733 Joined: 2004-01-24 #5324749 Posted on: 08/22/2016 03:48 PM Dejavu since 2010... same **** different name. SeRiToNiN Member Guru Posts: 47 Joined: 2009-02-10 #5324750 Posted on: 08/22/2016 03:50 PM I'm not an overclocker, having just bought a 1151 socket and 6600 I'm interested in these for an upgrade later in. Just stinks they seem to keep rehashing technology, but then again, when you have basically zero competition, you're not needing to break boundaries. Raider0001 Master Guru Posts: 244 Joined: 2006-11-25 #5324755 Posted on: 08/22/2016 03:58 PM add 100 mhz, remove some cache, change socket - job done > sold millions When will I change my very old cpu cooler Intel ? something went wrong when it still fits S_IV Master Guru Posts: 151 Joined: 2010-04-14 #5324789 Posted on: 08/22/2016 05:44 PM meh its like upgrading from a gtx980 to 1080 for a 5% performance jump -or less with a different pci-e slot unphoto Newbie Posts: 24 Joined: 2009-11-22 #5324792 Posted on: 08/22/2016 05:54 PM meh its like upgrading from a gtx980 to 1080 for a 5% performance jump -or less with a different pci-e slot What are you talking about, 5% gain. Even the 980 vs 980TI is more then 5%. S_IV Master Guru Posts: 151 Joined: 2010-04-14 #5324801 Posted on: 08/22/2016 06:16 PM What are you talking about, 5% gain. Even the 980 vs 980TI is more then 5%. thatguy91 Ancient Guru Posts: 6034 Joined: 2010-08-27 #5324817 Posted on: 08/22/2016 06:46 PM Kaby Lake and it's successor Coffee Lake are refined versions if Skylake. They weren't part of the original planning, with Kaby Lake added a while ago and Coffee Lake recently. The only reason why they exist is because Canonlake hasn't been working out for them. Delayed, then only low power versions for the future planned release, with Coffee Lake being the performance orientated platforms. The only sugar in the coffee is a 6 core version to help compete with 8 core Zen. 3 pages 1 2 3 Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Reasons NVIDIA Corporation Stock Could Fall Can AMD, Intel, and NXP pull Nvidia’s stock back to earth after its 200% rally? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Aug 24, 2016 at 9:22PM Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) has made plenty of smart moves over the past year. The chipmaker struck back hard at AMD (NASDAQ:AMD) in the low-end GPU market with its new Pascal-based cards, forged new data center partnerships with IBM, and unveiled its next-gen autonomous driving supercomputer, Drive PX 2. Image source: Nvidia. The company has posted double digit year-over-year sales growth for three consecutive quarters, and is expected to post 22% sales growth for the full year. That growth caused Nvidia to rally nearly 200% over the past 12 months, but the stock remains fairly valued with a 5-year price/earning-growth (PEG) ratio of 1.4. While the bullish reasons for owning Nvidia are now well-known, investors should also keep an eye out for three potential pitfalls which might cause the stock to fall. 1. AMD might launch Vega this year Nvidia struck AMD pretty hard when it launched its GTX 1060 last month. The 6GB card, which cost $250, offered 50% more RAM and roughly 15% faster performance than AMD's RX 480 for just $50 more. Nvidia then launched a 3GB version of the 1060 for $200, which the company claims runs 10% faster than the 8GB version of AMD's RX 480, which costs $240. AMD's RX 480. Image source: AMD. But AMD isn't down for the count yet. In response to Nvidia's new Pascal cards, AMD might pull forward the launch of Vega, its next-gen GPU, from next year to this October. The Vega chipset will reportedly offer performance comparable with that of Nvidia's top-tier GTX 1080, which costs $600, at a lower price point. If the Vega cards arrive in time for the holidays, Nvidia's core gaming GPU business -- which generated over half its sales last quarter -- could take a big hit. 2. Intel could strike back in data centers Nvidia's data center revenue rose 110% annually last quarter and accounted for 11% of its top line. The unit's sales were boosted by robust demand for its high-end Tesla GPUs in data centers. That's because Nvidia's Tesla GPUs can process certain machine learning and AI-related tasks faster than Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) high-end Xeon Phi processors. However, Intel's Xeon is still the industry standard for data centers, and they power 99% of all servers worldwide. Intel realizes that it could lose market share in machine-learning data centers to Nvidia, so it recently announced a third-generation Xeon Phi processor, code-named Knights Mill, which will arrive next year. Intel hasn't revealed any technical details about Knights Mill yet, but it will reportedly add more floating point calculations for machine learning algorithms. If Knights Mill offers a significant performance advantage against Nvidia's Tesla GPUs, Intel can leverage its dominant market share to strike back at Nvidia in the machine learning market. 3. Plenty of competition in connected cars Nvidia did a great job pivoting its Tegra mobile CPUs toward the connected car market. The Tegra-powered VCM (visual computing module) offered better graphics and audio for infotainment systems, and the Tegra X1-powered Drive PX platform provided ADAS (advanced driver assistance systems) with robust processing power. The new Drive PX 2 platform, which will reportedly be ten times faster, is designed to power fully autonomous vehicles. Over 80 automakers, suppliers, and university research centers worldwide are already developing driverless cars based on the PX 2. Demand for these platforms boosted Nvidia's automotive revenue, which accounted for 8% of its top line, by 68% annually last quarter. Image source: Nvidia. But Nvidia also faces fierce competition in this fledgling market. NXP (NASDAQ:NXPI), which became the biggest automotive chipmaker in the world after buying Freescale last year, recently unveiled BlueBox -- a turnkey driverless platform that competes directly against Nvidia's Drive PX 2. Since NXP also supplies a wide variety of other automotive chips, it could eventually use aggressive bundling strategies to marginalize Nvidia. Other competitors include Qualcomm, which launched its Snapdragon 820 Automotive processors for infotainment centers earlier this year; Intel, which supplies Atom chips to several automakers for the same purpose; and Mobileye, which provides ADAS and computer vision chips to 90% of the top automakers in the world. These rivals could spark a fierce pricing war and reduce the margins of Nvidia's automotive business. So is Nvidia still a worthy investment? I personally believe that Nvidia is still a solid long-term investment, and that the company has a knack for establishing first-mover's advantages in growing markets. However, investors should still do their homework and carefully weigh the pros and cons before buying this stock after its massive year-long rally. Leo Sun owns shares of Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia, NXP Semiconductors, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Aug 24, 2016 at 9:22PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) NXP Semiconductors NASDAQ:NXPI $98.03 down $0.07 (-0.07%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $11.34 down $0.25 (-2.16%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $106.60 down $-4.83 (-4.33%) Read More How Risky Is NVIDIA Corporation? Why NVIDIA, Yelp, and First Majestic Silver Jumped Today Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks Citron Knocks NVIDIA Down a Notch The Best Video Game Stocks of 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Reasons NVIDIA Corporation Stock Could Fall #stocks $INTC, $NXPI, $AMD, $NVDA
null
Tech News Downloads Software Store Search for: BetaNews Hot Topics: Windows 10 Microsoft Apple Cloud Tablets Android Security Reviews Follow Us: Twitter Facebook Linked-in RSS Intel Joule SOM runs Ubuntu Core Linux and makes Raspberry Pi look like garbage By Brian Fagioli Published 5 months ago 98 Comments Tweet The original Raspberry Pi sparked the creativity of many developers and students, but it was woefully underpowered. Through several iterations, however, it slowly became more powerful. While the most recent version -- the Raspberry Pi 3 -- has a much more capable processor, some developers will still want even more horsepower. Today, Intel announces a maker board that puts the Raspberry Pi 3 to shame. The Joule system-on-module mini-computer features RealSense camera support and runs Ubuntu Linux Core. Best of all, its specs are very impressive for what it is. "We're happy to welcome a new development board in the Ubuntu family! The new Intel Joule is a powerful board targeted at IoT and robotics makers and runs Ubuntu for a smooth development experience. It's also affordable and compact enough to be used in deployment, therefore Ubuntu Core can be installed to make any device it’s included in secure and up to date … wherever it is", says Canonical. ALSO READ: How to: Install Google Chrome web browser on Ubuntu Linux (and uninstall Firefox) Intel explains, "Joule enables people to take a concept into a prototype and then into production at a fraction of the time and development cost. The Intel Joule platform is a high performance system-on-module (SOM) in a tiny, low-power package thus making it ideal for computer vision, robotics, drones, industrial IoT, VR, AR, micro-servers and other applications that require high-end edge computing". You can see a robot powered by Intel Joule in the video below. Intel shares the following specs. The Intel Joule 570x • High-performance, 64-bit, 1.7 GHz quad-core Intel Atom T5700 processor with burst up to 2.4 GHz • 4GB LPDDR4 RAM and 16GB eMMC memory • Intel HD Graphics with 4K video capture and display • 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO and Bluetooth 4.1 • USB 3.0, MPI CSI and DSI interfaces, and multiple GPIO, I2C, UART interfaces • Linux-based OS tailored for IoT and smart devices • Enhanced support for the Intel RealSense cameras and libraries The Intel Joule 550x • High-performance, 64-bit, 1.5 GHz quad-core Intel Atom T5500 processor • 3GB LPDDR4 RAM and 8GB eMMC memory • Intel HD Graphics with 4K video capture and display • 802.11ac Wi-Fi with MIMO and Bluetooth 4.1 • USB 3.0, MPI CSI and DSI interfaces, and multiple GPIO, I2C, UART interfaces • Linux-based OS tailored for IoT and smart devices • Support for the Intel RealSense cameras and libraries ALSO READ: [Giveaway] Win my Raspberry Pi 3 and Kodi Edition case! While both versions of the Joule handily destroy the Raspberry Pi 3, it is important to note that Intel's board will not cost $35 like the Pi. Pricing is not official, but according to Engadget, the 570x will retail for $369. In other words, Intel's offering could be more than ten times the cost of the Pi! What projects would you make with the Intel Joule? Tell me in the comments. 98 Comments Tweet Got News? Contact Us Recent Headlines Netrunner Desktop 17.01 'Baryon' Debian 9 Stretch-based KDE Linux distro now available My favorite tech items of 2016 [Joe] System Ninja 3.1.6 adds Duplicate File Finder Dell unveils 27-inch Ultrathin monitor with super-slim profile How hybrid clouds and legacy apps will evolve in 2017 How to protect your company against a potential encryption backdoor policy Update side-loaded Android apps with APKUpdater Most Commented Stories Windows 10 enters 2017 not with a bang, but a whimper 449 Comments Leaked Windows 10 Creators Update Build 14997 reveals new features 118 Comments Microsoft finally lets users pause updates in Windows 10 111 Comments Unannounced ASUS C302CA-DHM4 Chromebook hits Newegg, and it looks great 88 Comments Behold the Windows 10 GSOD -- Green Screen of Death 52 Comments © 1998-2017 BetaNews, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy.
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. OpenGL ES 3.1 Comes For Intel Haswell On Mesa Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 24 August 2016 at 08:58 PM EDT. 14 Comments For those running Intel Haswell processors, hope is not lost in seeing new versions of OpenGL extensions with the Intel Mesa driver. New patches will bring Haswell up to OpenGL ES 3.1. Intel's Jordan Justen published a set of 16 patches for enabling OpenGL ES 3.1 with Haswell hardware.The last extensions needed were ARB_stencil_texturing and ARB_texture_stencil8. Other work is still needed for GLES 3.1 support with Ivy Bridge and Bay Trail hardware. Hopefully these patches will be merged soon but for now you can find them via the Mesa mailing list. 14 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Mesa Saw More Than 10,000 Commits This Year From Record Number Of Contributors VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver Mesa Hit OpenGL 4.5, Received Vulkan Drivers, Improved Performance & More In 2016 Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Etnaviv Gallium3D Driver Revived, Render-Only Library Updated Too Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Join SVG Sponsor SVG SVG Mobile Subscribe to SVG SVG Members SVG Mobile Home News Latest News Production Technology Business College Venue Digital Events 2017 Sports Graphics Forum Past Events 2017 Calendar On Demand Initiatives Sports Broadcasting Hall of Fame Sports Broadcasting Fund College Initiative DTV Audio Group Venue Initiative Women’s Sports Media Initiative Sports Production Safety Group Veterans in Production (VIP) Blogs IBC 2016 BLOG Rio 2016 Olympics Blog NAB 2016 Blog Schubin Cafe Resources Job Board Runners Network Grass Valley K2 Dyno Operator Directory EVS Operator Directory Remote Gear Study Publications Archive Sports Media Newsletter Archive Sponsorship SVG Sponsors Become a Sponsor SVG Europe About Contact Us SVG Advisory Board Join SVG Today! Subscribe to SVG SVG Members SVG Facebook SVG Twitter SVG LinkedIn News Follow Us! ESPN Looks To Make US Open a ‘Coming-Out Party’ for Revamped National Tennis Center Network kicks off its second year of an 11-year exclusive-rights deal with USTA By Jason Dachman, Chief Editor Friday, August 26, 2016 - 2:19 pm Print This Story As ESPN returns to the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center for its second US Open as the exclusive domestic-rights holder and the host broadcaster for all international distributors, there will be a mix of both usual suspects and welcomed newcomers on hand. Although ESPN will once again have a cavalcade of familiar tech toys at its disposal — including Intel’s 360-degree replay technology, Spidercam, Rail Cam, and Hoist camera crane — it will be covering a wholly made-over Tennis Center featuring the much ballyhooed new retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium, a rebuilt Grandstand stadium, and an additional outer TV court. The new retractable roof over Arthur Ashe Stadium at the USTA Billie Jean King National Tennis Center “The way to frame this one is, this is the USTA’s coming-out party,” says ESPN VP of Production Jamie Reynolds. “If you look at their new house, the National Tennis Center, and what [COO] Danny Zausner and his group have done … this is their coming-out [party] where it’s all about the venue this year. The debut of the roof and the outer courts is pretty spectacular. So everything from our perspective [in] capturing the event, both as host broadcaster and domestic carrier, is designed to feature that.” Coming off 2015’s most viewed US Open in four years, ESPN will deliver 130 live hours of US Open coverage on television, including at least 10 hours per day on ESPN and ESPN2 throughout the first week. In addition, WatchESPN, which more than quadrupled its live-minutes-viewed total at last year’s US Open, will stream a record 1,300 hours on WatchESPN with daylong matches from as many as 12 courts — up from 11 last year. The US Open Chase Review Multicam is back this year, displaying a mosaic of three feeds from Ashe, Louis Armstrong, and Grandstand stadiums. In addition, for the first time, WatchESPN will provide a feed dedicated to the main press-conference room at the Bud Collins Media Center all day every day (beginning with Media Day today). Broadcast Center, Tech Toys Back for Year 2 In its second year of an 11-year exclusive-rights deal, ESPN returns with the streamlined broadcast and administrative facilities it erected last year. In a marked departure from previous years, when a carnival of interconnected trucks and trailers served a variety of broadcasters, ESPN has created a two-story core broadcast facility that serves both its own domestic-broadcast needs and those of international rightsholders. With an 11-year commitment in tow, ESPN has installed a variety of permanent production tools at the Tennis Center for its coverage, all returning for year 2. Rail Cam, a robotic camera that moves silently along the base of the wall on the southern end of Ashe Stadium, will also be back at the Open. The system provides a superior ground-level look versus the traditional static camera at a higher angle and is particularly useful for providing angles of a player’s footwork and action from the player’s point of view. An exclusive staple of ESPN’s US Open coverage since 2010, the Spidercam aerial camera system will be added to the world feed for the first time. The three-dimensional aerial system with pan-tilt-zoom capability will once again hover over Ashe throughout the tournament. “What did we learn last year with the hardware we brought to the dance? Spidercam is coming back. That’s part of the host-broadcast feed this year,” says Reynolds. “We’re at a point now where that ought to be not a discrete asset but a shared asset for the world. Same thing with Rail Cam on Ashe. We kept that installed on the south wall.” The Hoist camera, a 70-ft. crane that can extend as high as 150 ft., will also return to provide epic beauty of the Tennis Center grounds, but in a new location. “Rather than being on a footprint, we actually have it go onto the park’s grounds just outside the venue, shooting back. That’s on the southwest corner shooting back into the venue. It features a prominent presentation of the new Grandstand stadium in that southwest corner of the venue. That’s kind of cool.” Intel’s Voya Axis 360-degree replay technology (rebranded from FreeD when Intel acquired Replay Technologies) deploys an array of 36 cameras installed around Arthur Ashe Stadium to freeze a moment in time and virtually spin the image in a full 360-degree rotation. ESPN, the only network to use it at a major, debuted it at last year’s US Open. “We’ve committed to a three-year package with [Intel]. They’re in their second year of three with us,” says Reynolds. “That 360 technology will stay as a discrete asset for ESPN. “We’re embellishing the roster of toys,” he continues, “the Steadicams and cameras that we’ll have around the grounds to be able to move around, take advantage, display as much of what this tennis facility has to offer.”  Hawk-Eye To Cover a Quintet of Outer Courts With 12 TV courts now in play, ESPN will once again cover seven linear-TV courts with traditional manned cameras/audio and a control room; five (up from four last year) outer courts will have Sony’s Hawk-Eye SMART (Hawk-Eye’s Synchronized Multi-Angle Replay Technology) with automated robotic cameras following the action. “Hawk-Eye is a good solution where we can guarantee multicamera coverage but do it on a scale that is commensurate with action on those courts,” says Reynolds. “We’ve made a commitment to continue to increase [outer-court coverage] to get as many courts as possible … and have them available not just for ESPN or E3 and our clients but also for the world. It’s valuable for the USTA to be able to market them internationally if they have the opportunity for a discrete feed. In the global expansion of the event, it’s attractive.” ESPN’s US Open coverage begins today on WatchESPN with the singles bracket draws. Linear coverage begins Sunday at 1 p.m. ET with an expanded 60-minute SportsCenter on the Road preview show on ESPN2 at 1 p.m., followed by Arthur Ashe Kids Day on ABC at 2 p.m. Check out Sportsvideo.org for SVG’s live coverage from the 2016 US Open.  Latest HeadlinesLet’s Play Two: NBC Sports Delivers Pair of Outdoor Classics to Ring in the New YearESPN to Leverage Production Tools to Offer Multiple Viewing Options of College Football Playoff SemifinalsWireless Microphones and the FCC Incentive Auction: Key Facts For Broadcasters Leading into 2017Fox Sports Goes All-Access, Commercial-Free for Big East Women’s Hoops MatchupESPN Plans Big Sound for CFP National Championship GameRoad Warriors, Part 2: The Top Remote Production Highlights Of 2016Road Warriors, Part 1: The Top Remote Production Highlights Of 2016Behind the Mic: ESPN Inks Multi-year Extension With Bomani Jones; Cris Carter Heads to Fox SportsRatings Roundup: SNF, TNF Are Top Two Fall Primetime Shows; ABC’s NBA Finals Rematch Pulls in Big Numbers on Christmas2016 in Review, Part 4: Every SVG Story From the Year That Was Latest News Production Technology Business College Venue Digital Related NewsLet’s Play Two: NBC Sports Delivers Pair of Outdoor Classics to Ring in the New YearESPN to Leverage Production Tools to Offer Multiple Viewing Options of College Football Playoff Semifinals   Home News Events On Demand Initiatives Resources Sponsorship SVG Europe Blogs About Join Subscribe Members Contact © 2017 Sports Video Group. All rights reserved. Site by Brightgreen Design/Arturan/Sfera Interactive. Join SVG Today Become a Sponsor
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: CrossOver Android Preview brings Windows apps to Chromebooks 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Aug 26, 2016 at 18:46 GMT4 months ago Codeweavers has announced that the Tech Preview of CrossOver for Android is now available, allowing ChromeOS users with Intel processors to run Windows applications on their laptops. The app uses WINE API translation technology and supports apps as sophisticated as Office 2010, Quicken and DirectX9 and Steam, but does not support every Windows application. Minimum specs are Android 5, the Google Play store on Chrome, an Intel, not ARM processor and 2 GB of RAM. The APK is being distributed via the Google Play Store where testers can sign up to be beta testers. ChromeOS is a Google-created operating system popular in the US education environment, where much of the world is browser based, but virtually unknown elsewhere. Google has recently added support for Android apps on ChromeOS and brought the Google Play Store to a select number of ChromeOS laptops. This has brought millions of Android apps to the platform, but unfortunately most of these apps are designed for touch, and are not optimised for keyboard and mouse, unlike Windows Applications, making Crossover welcome news for dedicated ChromeOS fans. See the technology in action in a video below: Codeweaver also makes Crossover for the Mac and Linux with the same functionality, suggesting while this development is interesting it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the Windows market. Sign up for the beta here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source codeweavers.com Related chromeos codeweaver windows apps Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Super Bowl Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Biotech Giant Amgen to Review Media Account By Lindsay Stein - 47 minutes ago Array 0 Doner Wins Coke-Backed 'Nutrient-Rich Ultra-Filtered' Milk Brand Fairlife By Lindsay Stein and E.J. Schultz - 58 minutes ago Array 0 Buckle Up: Ad Fraud's Going to Take Us For a Wild Ride in 2017 By Amit Joshi - 1 hour ago Array 0 Camp & King, BBH, RGA Add Creative Directors By Melissa Heule - 1 hour ago Array 0 DDB Names Ari Weiss North American Chief Creative Officer By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago Array 0 Watch Target's Take on 'The Nutcracker' Starring John Legend and Chrissy Teigen By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Doner Wins Coke-Backed 'Nutrient-Rich Ultra-Filtered' Milk Brand Fairlife By Lindsay Stein and E.J. Schultz - 58 minutes ago 0 Maurice Levy Lists His Office on Airbnb By Emma Hall - 5 hours ago 0 DDB Names Ari Weiss North American Chief Creative Officer By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 Frito-Lay to Sit Out Super Bowl LI, Ending 10-Year Big-Game Run By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 'Alt-Right' Casting Call Puts Cadillac on Defensive By E.J. Schultz - 22 hours ago 0 A Cowboys-Patriots Super Bowl Would Level Every TV Ratings Record By Anthony Crupi - Yesterday 0 Frito-Lay to Sit Out Super Bowl LI, Ending 10-Year Big-Game Run By E.J. Schultz - 20 hours ago 0 Biggest Food Story of 2016: Chipotle's Woes By Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Liberty Mutual Stands With Its Customers in New Spots By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 Apple and Facebook Join White House Initiative to Address Gender Pay Gap Agreement Signed by 29 Companies, Including AB InBev, Coca-Cola, GM, Intel, Microsoft, Target, Unilever, Chobani Published on August 26, 2016. Most Popular Apple, Facebook and General Motors, the first U.S. automaker to have a female chief executive officer, are among more than two dozen companies that added their names to a White House pledge to study gender pay gaps among their employees. The agreement signed by 29 companies on Friday includes an annual review of pay by gender at each company, and an examination of hiring and promotion practices for unconscious bias and barriers to women reaching higher-level jobs. The pledge stops short of companies promising to pay men and women equally for equal work. "The first step is to understand whether or not there is a pay discrepancy," Valerie Jarrett, a senior adviser to President Barack Obama, said in an interview. "What we find is that employers who recognize that there is a pay discrepancy and are willing to go through that exercise also are willing to close it." Related Stories Cindy Gallop Doesn't Care What You Think Ad Age's 2016 Women to Watch Give Views on Gender Diversity Bud Light Tackles Gender Pay Equality in New Ad Saatchi Chairman Kevin Roberts Resigns After Gender Comments The gender pay initiative was rolled out at a White House women's summit in June. Friday's announcement brings the number of participating companies to 57. Companies that were among the first to sign said Friday they are forming a group independent of the White House to carry on the pay effort after Mr. Obama leaves office in January. The pledge is part of an attempt by Mr. Obama to make gender pay equity part of his legacy. The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first bill that Mr. Obama signed into law after taking office in 2009, and he talks often about the experience of the grandmother who helped raise him getting paid less than male counterparts at the bank where she worked. In 2015, women in the U.S. made 79 cents for every $1 earned by men on average, according to the Institute for Women's Policy Research. While some of the gap is because of the types of jobs women hold compared to men, the institute found that women on average earn less than men in most occupations for which there is sufficient data to calculate an earnings ratio. Other companies that signed the pledge on Friday include Akamai Technologies Inc., Anheuser-Busch InBev NV, Coca-Cola Co., CVS Health Corp., Delta Air Lines Inc., Dunkin' Brands Group Inc., Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc., International Business Machines Corp., Intel Corp., LinkedIn Corp., Microsoft Corp., Nike Inc., Target Corp., Unilever Plc, Visa Inc and Chobani. -- Bloomberg News In this article: CMO Strategy Digital Politics Regulation The CMO Guide Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> SSDs Intel’s 140GB Optane 3D XPoint PCIe SSD Spotted at IDF by Ian Cutress on August 26, 2016 12:01 PM EST Posted in SSDs Intel Enterprise Enterprise SSDs 3D XPoint IDF_2016 Optane 66 Comments | Add A Comment 66 Comments + Add A Comment As part of this year’s Intel’s Developer Forum, we had half expected some more insights into the new series of 3D XPoint products that would be hitting the market, either in terms of narrower time frames or more insights into the technology. Last year was the outing of some information, including the ‘Optane’ brand name for the storage version. Unfortunately, new information was thin on the ground and Intel seemed reluctant to speak any further about the technology that what had already been said. What we do know is that 3D XPoint based products will come in storage flavors first, with DRAM extension parts to follow in the future. This ultimately comes from the fact that storage is easier to implement and enable than DRAM, and the characteristics for storage are not as tight as those for DRAM in terms of break-neck speed, latency or read/write cycles. For IDF, Optane was ultimately relegated to a side presentation at the same time as other important talks were going on, and we were treated to discussions about ‘software defined cache hierarchy’ whereby a system with an Optane drive can define the memory space as ‘DRAM + Optane’. This means a system with 256GB of DRAM and a 768GB Optane drive can essentially act like a system with ‘1TB’ of DRAM space to fill with a database. The abstraction layer in the software/hypervisor is aimed at brokering the actual interface between DRAM and Optane, but it should be transparent to software. This would enable some database applications to move from ‘partial DRAM and SSD scratch space’ into a full ‘DRAM’ environment, making it easier for programming. Of course, the performance compared to an all-DRAM database is lower, but the point of this is to move databases out of the SSD/HDD environment by making the DRAM space larger. Aside from the talk, there were actually some Optane drives on the show floor, or at least what we were told were Optane. These were PCIe x4 cards with a backplate and a large heatsink, and despite my many requests neither demonstrator would actually take the card out to show what the heatsink looked like. Quite apart from which, neither drive was actually being used - one demonstration was showing a pre-recorded video of a rendering result using Optane, and the other was running a slideshow with results of Optane on RocksDB. I was told in both cases that these were 140 GB drives, and even though nothing was running I was able to feel the heatsinks – they were fairly warm to the touch, at least 40C if I were to narrow down a number.  One of the demonstrators was able to confirm that Intel has now moved from an FPGA-based controller down to their own ASIC, however it was still in the development phase. Click through for high resolution One demo system was showing results from a previous presentation given earlier in the lifespan of Optane: rendering billions of water particles in a scene where most of the scene data was being shuffled from storage to memory and vice versa. In this case, compared to Intel’s enterprise PCIe SSDs, the rendering reduced down from 22hr to ~9hr. It's worth noting that we can see some BGA pads on the image above. The pads seem to be in an H shape, and there are several present, indicating that these should be the 3D XPoint ICs. Some of the pads are empty, suggesting that this prototype should be a model that offers a larger size. Given the fact that one of the benefits of 3D XPoint is density, we're hoping to see a multi-terabyte version at some point in the distant future. The other demo system was a Quanta / Quanta Cloud Technology system node, featuring two Xeon E5 v4 processors and a pair of PCIe slots on a riser card – the Optane drive was put into one of these slots. Again, it was pretty impossible to see more of the drive aside from its backplate, but the onscreen presentation of RocksDB was fairly interesting, especially as it mentioned optimizing the software for both the hardware and Facebook. RocksDB is a high-performance key/store database designed for fast embedded storage, used by Facebook, LinkedIn and Yahoo, but the fact that Facebook was directly involved in some testing indicates that at some level the interest in 3D XPoint will brush the big seven cloud computing providers before it hits retail. In the slides on screen, the data showed a 10x reduction in latency as well as a 3x improvement in database GETs. There was a graph plotted showing results over time (not live data), with the latency metrics being pretty impressive. It’s worth noting that there were no results shown for storing key/value data pairs. Despite these demonstrations on the show floor, we’re still crying out for more information about 3D XPoint, how it exactly work (we have a good idea but would like confirmation), Optane (price, time to market) as well as the generation of DRAM products for enterprise that will follow. With Intel being comparatively low key about this during IDF is a little concerning, and I’m expecting to see/hear more about it during Supercomputing16 in mid-November. For anyone waiting on an Optane drive for consumer, it feels like it won’t be out as soon as you think, especially if the big seven cloud providers are wanting to buy every wafer from the production line for the first few quarters. More images in the gallery below. Gallery: Intel’s 140GB Optane 3D XPoint PCIe SSD Spotted at IDF   Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 66 Comments View All Comments tspacie - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Did they say how the "software defined cache hierarchy" was different from a paging file and OS virtual memory ? Reply Omoronovo - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link The difference is in abstraction. Paging files or swap space are explicitly advertised to software; software which knows there's 8GB of ram and an 8GB swap area/page file will likely modify its behaviour to fit within the RAM envelope instead of relying on the effective (16gb) working space. The idea of the software defined cache hierarchy is that everything below the hypervisor/driver layer only sees one contiguous space. It's completely transparent to the application. In the above example, that would mean the application would see 8GB+*size of xpoint* as ram, then whatever else on top as paging area. Reply saratoga4 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link >The difference is in abstraction. Paging files or swap space are explicitly advertised to software; software which knows there's 8GB of ram and an 8GB swap area/page file will likely modify its behaviour to fit within the RAM envelope instead of relying on the effective (16gb) working space. While you can of course query the operating system to figure out how much physical memory it has, for all intents and purposes the page file and physical memory form one unified continuous memory space (literally, that is what the virtual address space is for). Where a page resides (physical memory or page file) is NOT advertised to software. >The idea of the software defined cache hierarchy is that everything below the hypervisor/driver layer only sees one contiguous space. It's completely transparent to the application. Which is how virtual memory works right now. The question is what is actually different. Reply Omoronovo - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link The virtual address space - which has multiple definitions depending on your software environment, so lets assume Windows - is limited by the bit depth of the processor and has nothing directly to do with Virtual Memory. Applications that have any kind of realistic performance requirement - such as those likely to be used in early adopter industries of this technology - most certainly need to know how much physical memory is installed. The abstraction (and the point I was trying to make, apologies for any lack of clarity) is that right now an application can know exactly how much physical address space there is, simply by querying for it. That same query in a system with 8GB of ram and a theoretical 20GB Xpoint device configured as in the article will return a value of 28GB of ram to the application; the application does not know it's 8GB+20, and will therefore treat it completely the same as if there were 28GB of physical ram. This sits above Virtual Memory in the system hierarchy, so any paging/swap space in addition to this will be available as well, and treated as such by the application. The primary benefit to this approach is that no applications need to be rewritten to take advantage of the potentially large performance improvements from having a larger working set outside of traditional storage - even if it isn't quite as good as having that entire amount as actual physical RAM. Hopefully that makes more sense. Reply saratoga4 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link >The virtual address space - which has multiple definitions depending on your software environment, so lets assume Windows - is limited by the bit depth of the processor and has nothing directly to do with Virtual Memory. Actually virtual address space and virtual memory are the same thing. Take a look at the wikipedia article. > Applications that have any kind of realistic performance requirement - such as those likely to be used in early adopter industries of this technology - most certainly need to know how much physical memory is installed. This is actually not how software works on Windows. You can query how much physical memory you have, but it is quite rare. Dumb question: have you ever done any Windows programming? I get the impression that you are not aware of how VirtualAlloc works on Windows... >The primary benefit to this approach is that no applications need to be rewritten to take advantage of the potentially large performance improvements from having a larger working set outside of traditional storage - even if it isn't quite as good as having that entire amount as actual physical RAM. This is actually how Windows has worked for the last several decades. Pages can be backed by different types of memory or none at all, and software has no idea at all about it. What you are describing isn't above or below virtual memory, it is EXACTLY virtual memory :) This is what the original question was asking, what is changing vs the current system where we have different types of memory hidden from software using a virtual address space. Reply dave_s25 - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Exactly. Windows even has a catchy marketing term for "Software Defined Cache" : ReadyBoost. Linux, the BSDs, all major server OS can do the exact same thing with the virtual page file. Reply Omoronovo - Friday, August 26, 2016 - link Sorry guys, that's about as well as I can describe it since I'm a hardware engineer, not a software engineer, and this is how it was described to me at a high level when I was at Computex earlier this year. I'm unlikely going to be able to describe in enough specificity to satisfy you, but hopefully Intel themselves can do a better job of explaining it when the stack is finalised; until now a lot of us are having to make a few assumptions (including me, and I should have made this more clear from my first post). Of particular interest is hypervisors being able to provision substantially more RAM than the system physically contains without VM contention as happens with current memory overcommitment technologies like from VMware. A standard virtual memory system cannot handle this kind of situation with any kind of granularity; deduplication can only take you so far in a multi-platform environment. Exciting times ahead for everyone, I'm just really glad the storage market isn't going to turn into the decades of stagnation we had with hard disks since SSD's are now mainstream. Reply jab701 - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link Hi, I have been reading this thread and I thought I might answer, as I have experience designing hardware working in virtual memory environments. Personally, this optane stuff fits nicely into the current virtual memory system. Programs don't know (or care) where their data is stored, provided that when they load from/store to memory that they data is where it is meant to be. Optane could behave like an extra level of the cache hierarchy or just like extra memory. The OS will have to know what to do with it, #1 if it is like a cache then it needs to ensure that it is managed properly and flushed as required. #2 If it is like normal memory then the OS can map virtual pages to the physical memory address space where optane sits, depending on what is required. Situation #1 is more suited to a device that looks like a drive where the whole drive isnt completely IO mapped and is accessed through "ports". #2 is suited to the situation where the device appears as memory usable by the OS. Software defined cache hierarchy would mean the device is like readyboost...but the cache is managed by the OS and not transparently by the hardware... Sorry a bit rambley :) Reply Klimax - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link Sorry, but Virtual Address Space is NOT Virtual Memory. See: https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/oldnewthing/20040... Reply Omoronovo - Saturday, August 27, 2016 - link This is what I was referring to in a broader context, but since I'm not any kind of software engineer (beyond implementing it of course), I didn't feel justified in trying to argue the point with someone who actually does it for a living. Thanks for clarifying. For what it's worth, I don't think much of what I said was too far off base, but when Intel releases the implementation details we'll be able to know for sure. Hopefully sooner rather than later, I doubt Western Digital or Sandisk/HP are likely to stay quiet about their own SCM products for long. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Intel Appoints TBWA\Chiat\Day as Its Global B2B Agency of Record Advertisement NEXT:Friday Morning Stir PREVIOUS:Campbell Ewald Wins Agency of Record Duties for Carfax Brands Intel Appoints TBWA\Chiat\Day as Its Global B2B Agency of Record By Erik Oster on Aug. 26, 2016 - 11:02 AMComment Intel Corporation appointed TBWA\Chiat\Day as its global B2B agency of record following a three month review led by the client. “Our company strategy is about powering the billions of smart, connected computing devices across the globe,” Intel director of business marketing strategy Kathy Garchow said in a statement. “Our work with TBWA\Chiat\Day will help us better connect how our technology enables our business customers to achieve their success.” The account will be run out of TBWA\Chiat\Day’s Los Angeles office, in collaboration with TBWA\Chiat\Day New York, while working in conjunction with TBWA teams in other markets, including TBWA\London, TBWA\Hakuhodo, TBWA\Greater China, TBWA\Düsseldorf, and Omnicom sister shop Doremus. TBWA\Chiat\Day will be tasked with developing an integrated global campaign targeting senior business and IT leaders. It is unclear when the agency’s first work is expected for the client.  For TBWA\Chiat\Day, the win follows its New York office scoring lead creative duties for Pespi’s Izze brand as the larger organization continues to rebound from losing AOR duties on Miller Lite this April.  “We are thrilled to partner with Intel, a brand whose value, influence, and pioneering technologies continue to push the boundaries of what’s possible,” said TBWA\Chiat\Day L.A. President Erin Riley, who succeeded 14-year TBWA vet Luis DeAnda in the position this May. “We look forward to working alongside our TBWA teams around the world to build an integrated brand platform that taps into culture and resonates with modern business customers.” “Intel is a truly iconic brand that has powered incredible stories of innovation throughout its history,” added TBWA\Chiat\Day L.A. executive creative director Linda Knight, who joined the agency last November. “We’re excited to create the kind of disruptive work that lives up to this spirit of breakthrough and possibility, and to bring a fresh approach to B2B communications.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Marketing Supervisor i.d.e.a. San Diego, California Senior Account Manager – Advertising Agency NYC Bandujo Advertising + Design New York Display Ad Marketing Specialist 14 West Baltimore, Maryland (US) Media Planning Supervisor The Richards Group Dallas, Texas DVD & Digital Project Manager 555 Productions Los Angeles, California See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2017 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
null
null
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Home Church & Ministries U.S. World Politics Entertainment living Opinion Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Leaks and Release Date: Rumored Top-Notch Specs Coming with 2016 Flagship Variant By Christian Ver Marcelo Aug 26, 2016 | 2:35 AM Microsoft's Surface Pro 5 leaks have been sparsely showing up on online blogs and tech sites with possible specs and release dates making the public yearn for the device. Rumored Specs With the tablet and laptop-tablet hybrid market dominated by Apple and Android devices, Microsoft is slowly making waves through its Surface Pro lineup. Currently on its 4th iteration released last year, fans of the device have been hotly anticipating the release of the new Surface Pro. Factoring in both the scarce leaks pertaining to the Surface Pro 5's specifications and market predictions, the device is anticipated to come with a 12.3-inch display with PixelSense technology, much like its predecessor. The upcoming 2-in-1 tablet is also rumored to sport two variants, with display resolutions of either 2K (usually coming at 1440 x 2560 pixels, but may still vary) and 4K Ultra HD (which then usually comes at 3840 x 2160 pixels). Yes, I want Breaking Christian News Submit Tech sites are also teeming with rumors that the flagship variant of the new Surface Pro 5 will sport a whopping 16 GB of RAM natively. Graphics may also be powered either by AMD or the Nvidia Pascal GPU. The device will run on Windows 10 Redstone 2 update, which in itself is rumored to be released on Spring 2017. It is also anticipated to pack a hugely improved battery with USB-C support for charging, or even quick charging. Lastly, the device is rumored to house Intel's new seventh-generation processor, Kaby Lake. As per usual, the tablet is said to come with an upgrade for the Surface Pen. The pen could now be packing a battery setup that supports wireless charging through a magnetic attachment either to the tablet body or a dock. These were hinted by a patent for the new features from Microsoft. Improving on the Surface Pro 4 The Surface Pro 4 has been highly praised by tech critics and reviewers since its release last year. Coming in with Windows 10 Pro, a similar 12.3-inch PixelSense display, an Intel m3 processor for the base model up to Intel Core i7 for the highest model, an SSD storage of up to 1 terabyte, and Intel HD graphics, nothing much could be said about the device. However, critics then found the short battery life amiss, along with slow performance of the base model, and finally, the keyboard cover (which essentially allows a 2-in-1 device to work) was a separate purchase. These are the things that the Surface Pro 5 is expected to either improve on or totally fix altogether. Rumored Release Date Rumors on the release date of the device are a bit inconsistent. Previous reports of a June 2016 are clearly now thrown off. Some leaks point to a Fall 2016 release to potentially compete with the new rumored iPad models. Other sources, however, point out to a Spring 2017 release, allowing Microsoft to further perfect the device ahead of its release. Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today Most Popular Stories ISIS Lone Wolf Suspect Arrested in Arizona Searched Google for 'Midnight Mass,' 'Most Powerful Gun' Denzel Washington: 'I'm in the Service Business Now ... I'm Here to Serve God' (Watch) Denzel Washington says he identifies himself as something more than just a two-time Academy Award-winning actor. The star of the brand new motion picture "Fences" is making it known that he is a servant of God. Russell Moore Congratulates Chick-fil-A for Being America's Most Popular Fast Food Chain Evangelical Christian leader Russell Moore congratulated Chick-fil-A for being America's most popular fast-food chain, according to the Foursquare app check-ins. North Korean Dictator Bans Christmas, Orders Nation to Worship His Grandmother Communist North Korean dictator Kim Jung-Un reportedly replaced Christmas this year with an observance celebrating his late grandmother. Franklin Graham: All Celebrity Deaths Have One Thing in Common The Rev. Franklin Graham says regardless of who a person is, whether they are a celebrity, cultural icon or someone unknown, everyone has one thing in common: death. 2016 'Ebenezer Award' Going to Secular Group Suing to Stop Operation Christmas Child Drive A secular legal organization that is suing to stop school children from sending Christmas gifts and messages of hope to impoverished children in need around the world is the recipient of the annual "Ebenezer Award" handed out by the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty. Terms of Service Privacy Full Site © 2016 The Christian Post Company Swipe to read previous / next sections. Don't show this again! Got it!
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / PC Component News / Intel Kaby Lake benchmarks leak promises speedy performance Intel Kaby Lake benchmarks leak promises speedy performance by Joe Roberts 26 August 2016 0 shares Read Comments Intel is preparing to officially introduce its new low-power laptop processors in the form of the Kaby Lake range, and benchmarks for the chips just leaked. We already know the upcoming processors will be able to play and edit 4K video in real time, and will come with integrated graphics good enough to run Overwatch. And now, thanks to Benchlife.info, which has obtained some Kaby Lake marketing slides, we have some actual figures to go by. One slide in particular compares the upcoming seventh-generation Core chips to the current Skylake range, with the Core i7-7500U going up against the Core i7-6500. Related: iPhone 7 The chips themselves are said to run from a TDP of 4.5W up to 15W on the top-end Core i7, and It seems the 15 watt 7500U is 12% faster when it comes to productivity, based on a SYSmark 2014 test, and 19% faster for web performance, based on a WebXPRT 2015 test. Aside from the benchmarking figures, the newly revealed slides also show there will be more than 100 upcoming ultra-thin laptops and 2-in-1s before the end of the year that will come packing Kaby Lake chips. And while these improvements bode well for the slew of Kaby Lake-powered laptops about to arrive before the end of 2016, we're yet to get any information on gaming benchmarks. Related: Best UK Black Friday Deals Still, the slide does show the 7500U runs at up to 3.5GHz, another improvement over the 6500U's 3.1GHz. Intel will also offer a new budget chip this year, Apollo Lake, which will likely be used in numerous devices launching soon. With IFA set to get underway next week, we'll likely see more information about the new 14nm chips emerging so stay tuned for all the latest updates. WATCH: Head-to-Head: NVIDIA vs AMD – which is no.1 in right now? Are you looking forward to Kaby Lake's debut? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay iPhone 6s Plus Logic Board, Verizon, Space Gray - 64GB $549.95 View Item "GENUINE" Apple A1688 iPhone 6s 16GB Silver SOLD AS-IS FOR PARTS ONLY $129.99 View Item Apple iPhone 6s 16GB, MKQJ2B/A, Space Gray, United Kingdom, O2 $285.04 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications  MODWARS - Tekno Angel (Tt Core P3 Mod) by SimpleModz User Name Remember Me? Password Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications  Want to overclock that processor, videocard or even mainboard ? Wanna tweak the best out of your piece of hardware or have the means to design a killer case ? Get in here and pimp that rig man.   Thread Tools Display Modes MODWARS - Tekno Angel (Tt Core P3 Mod) by SimpleModz   (#1) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 MODWARS - Tekno Angel (Tt Core P3 Mod) by SimpleModz - 08-25-2016, 16:07 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia MWAVE MODWARS 2016 Powered By Thermaltake, ASUS, Kingston, Intel & NVIDIA Hi guys, I'm back with another case mod and I think the banner above says it all for this one I am part of a modding competition where 5 of Australia's best case modders have been chosen to compete and only one will become the MODWARS champion! For more info on the competition and to see the other modders head here - https://www.mwave.com.au/catalog/modwars-info For this build I am using the Thermaltake Core P3 chassis and I am calling it Tekno Angel and is inspired by the Japanese Gundam series. I'm actually not too familiar with Gundam so I'm not sure if I will be able to get it 100% but it will be more or less based on that. A very good friend of mine is a fan and gave me this idea, I had the angel idea however wasn't sure where to draw more inspiration from so he introduced me to Gundam. Anyways, hope you guys enjoy this one. It has to be finished by September 16th so not a long time to go. Let's have a look at the SPECS: CASE - Thermaltake Core P3 MB - ASUS Maximus VIII Hero Alpha CPU - Intel Core i7 6700K GPU - ASUS NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 Founders Edition RAM - Kingston HyperX Fury 16GB (4x4GB) 2400MHz DDR4 Black SSD - Kingston HyperX Savage 120GB x 2 PSU - Thermaltake Toughpower DPS G RGB 650W Gold Custom Cables & LEDs - CableMod Water Cooling - Thermaltake Here is a shot of all the hardware together looking very glorious! And here is an unboxing and overview video of the case and a bit of a chat about the start of this mod. At the time of filming I hadn't decided on the name just yet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4eTC13w4lok Hope you guys enjoy this one! Before I go I would like to thank MWAVE, Thermaltake, ASUS, Kingston, Intel and NVIDIA for inviting me to be part of this competition. Mwave: https://www.mwave.com.au/ Thermaltake: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/thermaltake-630 ASUS: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/asus-63 Kingston: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/kingston-356 Intel: https://www.mwave.com.au/brands/intel-325 NVIDIA: https://www.mwave.com.au/graphics-ca...graphics-cards Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu     (#2) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-04-2016, 14:49 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Okay guys, less than 2 week until I need to get this build fully finished! I've been pretty busy lately with quite a few things going on however I've been working hard on the build too. I think it's time I start rolling out all the update so stay tuned guys! As I mentioned in the video I am covering the entire Core P3 chassis with an acrylic sheet and I am also shaping it around my Tekno Angel theme. Other than the acrylic cover for the case I am also cutting out the 'angle' wings Check it out! I traced the case and all of the mounting holes needed and then designed the sheet around my vision. The wings were then first designed from cardboard before traced out onto acrylic for cutting. Stay tuned for more updates as I will be rolling them out quite fast to get the build finished in time for the competition ending on the 16th of September. Thanks for checking it out! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#3) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-05-2016, 16:15 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Okay, the acrylic sheet is cut to size and more or less finished. I need to file it down a bit more and going to cut the bottom section out further. I had originally intended for the build to be mounted onto a VESA stand however I can't find one at a decent price which is strong enough to hold the entire build. The way it is atm the feet can't really be mounted on, hence for the awkwardness of the photos So I will be trimming it down at the bottom in order to mount the feet but here's a sneak peak for now. Let me know what you guys think so far! Oh and the wings have been cut and stuck together ready for mounting. Lots of little details to be added still. Everything still mounts as it should which is what I wanted The first part of the Gundam inspired wings assembled. Thanks for checking it out! Stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#4) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-06-2016, 14:36 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here's a better look at the case with the acrylic frame and a closer look at the components. Mounting for the wings is in place GPU tray has been cut as well PCIE extender mounted Tt RGB PSU Shaping up pretty nicely I would say! Stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu     (#5) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-07-2016, 06:29 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here's the glorious GTX 1070 Founders Edition mounted it. I love the design of these new cards so much I feel bad putting a waterblock on it. But a waterblock will definitely go on. Remember this is just a test fitting for all hardware, more details will be added to everything and it will all be customised to match the colours of the wings I also added some more details to the wings and if anyone is wondering how I cut these, it's with a jig saw and with this scroll saw + lots of filing in the end And here are the Gundam inspired wings mounted They are stuck together using acrylic cement glue which pretty much bonds them together and is a really strong hold. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more. Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#6) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-07-2016, 16:32 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Here I am about to start on the water cooling loop. But first I am drilling some pass-throughs to clean up the loop and add an extra feature to the mod. I've also added an extra piece of acrylic going around the edges of where the motherboard sits for a bit of contrast. First tubes are in. A very tight fit on the right there. A piece of tube is actually in between then to connect the two fittings. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#7) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-08-2016, 09:32 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here's more progress and better photos as I start working on the water cooling loop. A nice view of the frame. I'm using 3 stand-off to set the motherboard forward a bit to allow room for the wings to mount as well as cable routing from underneath. Cables for the fans routed under the radiator. Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#8) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-09-2016, 13:16 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, I've been busy working on the tubes and they're now pretty much done. Let me know what you think about it! The tube from the GPU going up had to be off-set like that as the fittings in the top around the back are as close as they can be. They're a bit big and can't have the runs any closer than that with these fittings. In the end I think it give a nice feature to the loop Thanks for checking it out and stay tuned for more! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#9) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-11-2016, 08:36 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, I've been pretty busy working on the build over the last few days, about a week to go now before it has to be finished! I did a ton of work with vinyl as well as some painting and I shot a nice video to talk a bit about the mods as well as assemble the whole thing! Check it out below and let me know what you think! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKjJMsV8upc Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#10) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-13-2016, 08:40 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Here are the CableMod cables! I decided to shoot another quick video as I installed them! Enjoy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kHIgYNyblT4 Stay tuned as final photos are next Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#11) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-15-2016, 16:13 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Here it is guys! Final pics Hope you enjoy! Stay tuned for another video. Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#12) kx11 Maha Guru     Videocard: Titan X-Pascal Processor: i7 6900k Mainboard: ASUS Rampage V 10th ed. Memory: Corsaire Dominator Soundcard: PSU: EVGA 1000 g2 09-15-2016, 19:37 | posts: 2,028 | Location: Qatar wow beautiful     kx11 View Public Profile Find all posts by kx11   (#13) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2500k@4.6 Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 09-15-2016, 20:40 | posts: 7,394 | Location: FLA,USA Really nice work.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#14) Undying Ancient Guru     Videocard: R9 280X @ 1165/1500 Processor: Intel i5 @ 4.8Ghz 1.38v Mainboard: GA-Z68XP-UD3P Memory: HyperX-16GB @ 2133Mhz Soundcard: Onboard PSU: Tt Toughpower 775W 09-16-2016, 13:07 | posts: 8,884 | Location: Serbia, NS Ah, those wings. Build looks amazing indeed!     Undying View Public Profile Find all posts by Undying   (#15) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-16-2016, 16:48 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Really nice work. Quote: Originally Posted by Undying Ah, those wings. Build looks amazing indeed! Quote: Originally Posted by kx11 wow beautiful Thanks a lot guys! Glad you like it     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#16) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 09-18-2016, 12:32 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hi guys, Final video is here, hope you enjoy www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEwa1EtplO8 Thanks for checking it out! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu   (#17) alexciobanu Master Guru     Videocard: GTX 670 2GB SLI Processor: i7 3770k Mainboard: ASUS ROG Maximus V Gene Memory: 16GB Corsair Dominator GT Soundcard: PSU: Corsair AX860 11-30-2016, 12:35 | posts: 384 | Location: Gold Coast, Australia Hey guys, The Tekno Angel build was recently displayed at PAX AUS at the Thermaltake booth. Check out some of the pics and video. PAX AU video - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpZkb89fWsw&t Thanks for checking it out! Cheers, Alex     alexciobanu View Public Profile Find all posts by alexciobanu « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard Reviews 9 Review: Gigabyte X99 Ultra Gaming by Tarinder Sandhu on 26 August 2016, 08:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Gigabyte (TPE:2376) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qac5mh Add to My Vault: Gigabyte X99 Ultra Gaming £252.49 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing Methodology 3 - CPU Tests 4 - Gaming Tests 5 - Storage Tests 6 - Overclocking Tests 7 - Power Tests 8 - Conclusion Introduction The ultimate Intel consumer platform remains the X99. Home now to the deca-core 6950X and recently updated through a minor refresh, the X99 chipset is where manufacturers throw in the bells, whistles and kitchen sink. It kind of makes sense in this environment, too, as a base build can cost £2,000 upwards. Motherboards on this chipset range from £150 to, well, over £400. Picking a really solid option at £250 is usually the way to go, balancing out features, looks and cost, and industry veteran Gigabyte plies this area with the X99 Ultra Gaming. It's bit of a looker, isn't it? The RAM and expansion slots are supported by metal surrounds that add rigidity and enhance looks. The liberal use of white and red works well, subjectively speaking, and it looks better in the flesh than the pictures, though if you're build doesn't adhere to this colour scheme then it can appear jarring. A thick heatpipe connects the top and bottom heatsinks that are installed properly - there's no flex or give in them. Eight DIMM slots is normal fare, equally spaced on either side, but we'd prefer them to be a bit farther away from the CPU. One of the standout features on the board is the extensive use of RGB lighting: it's literally everywhere. Set by a Windows-based utility, the colour choice is almost limitless, but do be aware that you only get one choice of board-wide colour, meaning that different hues cannot be set for various areas. Colours are bright and vivid, and Gigabyte goes the whole nine yards by providing an extra RGB header, for enhanced effects, though the light-strip is purchased separately. Should you want, rather than a block of colour, the LEDs can be set to breathing and pulse modes, and both work well. The CPU socket itself is of the 'OC' variety, meaning that it has the full complement of pins for enhanced overclocking. Other useful features stack up, including Killer E2400 networking, an Intel LAN, ALC1150 codec, NVMe U.2 (not usable on a 28-lane CPU) and full-speed M.2 slot, and USB 3.1 in both Type-A and Type-C. But, of course there are compromises in order to hit the £250 price point. There's no onboard WiFi - though you can use the expansion slot for one. Onboard buttons are missing, so is a debug LED, and the clear CMOS is just two pins in the lower-middle of the board; we'd prefer it 'round back. Laying out all these features and the larger-than-normal cooling can cause boards to be too intricate. Gigabyte lays out the Ultra Gaming well. The primary PCIe x16 slot is far enough away from the CPU not to interfere with cooling - we had no problems with a Noctua NH-D15 in either orientation - and the M.2 slot, handy for super-fast storage, is between the second and third PCIe x16 slots, which are space nicely apart. Getting the most out of this board requires the use of a 40-lane CPU, paving the way for up to three-way SLI or CrossFire and that U.2 connector previously mentioned. There's no explicit Thunderbolt connector, but a board header enables an add-in card. Note the WiFi aerial housing should you choose to use an add-in card? Lots of USB 3.0 is normal these days, so is the Type-A and Type-C connectors. Audio aficionados will welcome the S/PDIF output. We'd like to see a board-mounted USB 3.1 for the few chassis that support it. Most manufacturers tend to spend a decent chunk of money and time enhancing BIOSes that are installed on whole families of boards, and that is the case here. Gigabyte has simplified the BIOS look and provides at-a-glance, live information on the system. Of particular note is the improved fan-control system - so many BIOSes expend too little effort here - and now you can simply drag various lines that strike a compromise between noise and cooling. Be careful not to have the points too close together, though. It's handy that the fans can be turned off completely, something not often seen on these motherboards. Of course, all of this functionality is replicated in the operating system through various utilities, but we're happy to see Gigabyte take a cleaner, more efficient approach for the firmware. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing Methodology 3 - CPU Tests 4 - Gaming Tests 5 - Storage Tests 6 - Overclocking Tests 7 - Power Tests 8 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,942 Forum posts: 2,563,247 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 309 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home 10:54 A.M. ET Updated Obama to give farewell address on Jan. 10 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC By Published: Aug 26, 2016 1:17 a.m. ET Share Latest Collaboration Between HP & Asetek Delivers Ground-Breaking Performance and Style OSLO, Norway, Aug 26, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Asetek (http://www.asetek.com/)® (ASETEK.OL), the world’s leading supplier of computer liquid cooling solutions, today announced that it has been selected by HP® to cool its new OMEN X Desktop Gaming PC (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html). The OMEN X Desktop marks HP’s return to ultra-high end gaming systems, boasting enthusiast [image]hardware and revolutionary thermal performance. The OMEN X builds on a long history of collaboration between Asetek and HP. From the innovative HP Blackbird 002 to the HP ENVY Phoenix 860, Asetek has worked closely with HP to deliver revolutionary performance and low noise. “It is an honor to once again work with HP to develop a gaming PC that pushes the boundaries of what is possible,” said John Hamill, Asetek Vice President of WW Sales and Marketing. “The new OMEX X delivers extreme performance that is only rivaled by its thermal management.” By utilizing Asetek liquid cooling, OMEN X’s excellent thermal management allows customers to get the highest possible performance out of their high end gaming rig without immersion breaking noise. The OMEN X includes support for up to three 120mm liquid cooling radiators with top mounted exhaust vents and a stand that lifts the case off the ground to help deliver copious amounts of active cooling. The OMEN X features the latest graphics technology with up to dual NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080s to elevate the performance of any game with stunning visuals. The liquid-cooled 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5/i7 processor with overclocking capability1 paired with a VR-ready GPU enables flawless Virtual Reality (VR) and immersive 4K experiences for even the most demanding AAA games. Factory filled and sealed for maximum reliability and ease-of-use, Asetek’s patented liquid coolers have been thoroughly tested and certified to operate without maintenance for over 50,000 hours. For more information on the HP OMEN X with Asetek liquid cooling, visit http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html. 1. Altering clock frequency and/or voltage may: (i) reduce system stability and useful life of the system, processor, and other system components; (ii) cause the processor and other system components to fail; (iii) cause reductions in system performance; (iv) cause additional heat or other damage; and (v) affect system data integrity. HP and Intel have not tested, and does not warranty, the operation of the processor beyond its specifications. HP and Intel have not tested, and do not warranty, the operation of other system components beyond their industry standard specifications. HP and Intel assume no responsibility that the processor and other system components, including if used with altered clock frequencies and/or voltages, will be fit for any particular purpose. About Asetek Asetek is the world's leading provider of energy efficient liquid cooling systems for data centers, servers, workstations, gaming and high performance PCs. Its products are used for reducing power and greenhouse emissions, lowering acoustic noise, and achieving maximum performance by leading OEMs and channel partners around the globe. Asetek’s products are based upon its patented all-in-one liquid cooling technology with more than 3 million liquid cooling units deployed in the field. Founded in 2000, Asetek is headquartered in Denmark with offices in California, China and Taiwan. For more information, visit http://www.asetek.com. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160825006439/en/ SOURCE: Asetek Media: Asetek Zack Fanning, +1-408-256-3118 Marketing Communications Manager zack.fanning@asetek.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
12,668,560 members (33,510 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Languages » C / C++ Language » General   Article Alternatives Comments (5) Add your own alternative version Tagged as CAssemblerC++LinuxWindowsWin64Win32Devmultithreadingthreads Stats 3.5K views 68 downloads 12 bookmarked Posted 25 Aug 2016 Advanced: optimized thread for making function calls, including return values T. Herselman, 26 Aug 2016 MIT    3.33 (6 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 3.33/5 - 6 votes μ 3.33, σa 3.50 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. C++11 header-only class, executes functions on a separate thread, including return values. Featuring a unique custom built, low level, lock-free double buffered queue; with a high speed data format, executes a queue of functions in only 6 CPU instructions; lea,call,mov,add,cmp,jb Download commandQ.zip - 13 KB https://github.com/therselman/CommandQueue Preface Hello World #include "CommandQueue.hpp"

CommandQueue commandQ;

void helloWorld() { printf( "Hello World" ); }

int main()
{
    commandQ( helloWorld );
    commandQ( [] { printf( "Hello World" ); } );
    commandQ( [] { printf( "Hello " ); } )( [] { printf( "World" ); } ); 
    commandQ.join();
    return 0;
} return value from thread FILE* f;
commandQ.returns( fopen, &f, "image.png", "r" );

//...
commandQ.join();

//...
fclose( f );   Origins of the code This code was originally designed as part of a high performance rendering engine, where draw commands (Command Queue) are executed on a dedicated rendering thread. Issuing rendering commands needed to be extremely optimized; where high performance and FPS (frames-per-second) is everything! It had to be flexible enough to issue any kind of graphics call; from loading and drawing models, textures and shaders, to making state changes and handling events like viewport changes etc. allowing me to queue multiple function calls for rendering in the background while other code executes in parallel, like collision detection. The design eventually became so useful and flexible that I decided to use it for all inter-thread communication, between general purpose event/message queues, networking, gui input (mouse/keyboard events), gameplay logic, ai, audio streaming etc. While doing some unrelated research, I noticed other people using std::queue/vector, ring buffers and even linked lists to do the same thing (to execute functions from a thread); and while all these techniques work, they are very slow in comparison! I decided to make my code generally available because I think it might be useful to someone.   Background I believe what you will find here, is possibly the easiest to use, most flexible, powerful and fastest thread communication code available, executing up to 10 million function calls per second, on a single Core i5 thread. This is my presentation to you, but what you will see here doesn't even scratch the surface of the full potential of this code! It's limited only by your immagination! I never thought I would share this code with anyone, because I love the elegance and simplicity of its design so much; its the result of 25 years experience, over 10 years of that experience writing different multi-threaded implementations; from events and messages, to high performance rendering and network queues; with constant improvements and refinements made to the design, flexbility, speed and ease of use, over many years. I want to believe that at least 50% of the people considering multi-threading want to do it for performance reasons, and I'll be happy if only 1% of you are willing to read and consider my implementation! There are so few articles written these days on lower level techniques like this, that I felt I might be able to contribute something meaningful to anyone willing to understand and appreciate this implementation. But please, don't read this article with the mindset to judge my method or my code. First try to fully understand it, why have a done it this way, what problem am I trying to solve; then you might come to appreciate and love the simplicity, the potential and the raw speed! Be patient and take the time to read carefully! If you don't understand it the first time, then read it again, there are gems hidden between the lines! To fully understand and appreciate the full potential of this code, you need to be reading and thinking with an open mind! As you read my code and technique, you should be thinking "how can I apply this concept to my project, my library, my application or my game". And before you flame my use of function pointers, raw pointer aritmetic and unstructured buffers, consider that this technique might be useful to someone else. This is about the evolution of an idea, a concept, a methodology, an alternative way for you to think about, and implement thread communication. Allowing threads to communicate in a more expressive, unrestricted and powerful way; with the added bonus of doing it at the speed of light! It's about writing code in a way that will unlock the untapped raw potential, power and throughput of multi-threading already at your finger tips. As far as I'm aware, this is the only article discussing this technique in relation to multi-threading. But I'm not really presenting anything new or revolutionary, especially to low-level programmers, because everything here has already been done before! What I want to do is get people thinking again, to expand their thoughts and ideas on how you go about solving the problem of thread communication. I want to show you how you can package all the knowledge you already have; on function pointers, jump-tables, templates, pointers-to-pointers, pointer dereferencing, single/double/multi/ring buffers, thread syncronization, lock-free threading, stacks and queues; and combine all that knowledge in creating your own, powerful, flexible, high performance, simple and easy to use thread communication protocol! However, nothing about this method was taken from another article written on thread communication. I'm actually very sad when I see the various techniques used by other programmers releasing their designs on this subject. In fact, I haven't found a single article or method anywhere in the world, which I would even remotely consider using myself. So not finding a suitably written article on this subject, prompted me to reconsider releasing my code. So sit back, relax, and let me take you on a magic carpet ride into the depths and magic of my command queue! This article took me over a week to write (100+ hours). I'm not a writer, I just hope you appreciate the time spent!   Target audience You are looking for a fast, flexible and easy way to execute multiple functions on a light-weight worker thread. You want to execute functions with return values on a worker thread; but you would never use `futures` and `promises`! Don't worry, I didn't use these abominations either! Your sanity is safe with me! You have some interest in lower-level C/C++ programming techniques, or you can appreciate them! This article is primarily targeted at C/C++ and possibly Assembler programmers, but I guess any language that accepts a function pointer as a valid data type can use this technique. This article is not about how inter-thread communication works; I assume you already know how to send messages to threads; and I also assume you have already successfully implemented one or more working methods before. If you have never implemented multi-threading before, then this article is probably not for you!   My personal coding philosophy I would like to say something about my personal coding style before we begin, so you understand my position! Agreement or disagreement on any of these is not a requirement, just as long as you accept that it's my rite! I come from a game engine, rendering, networking background where code performance should be appreciated. I love beautiful code. Not only the structure of the code, the layout and spacing; but also the beauty in its design! I'm an advocate of using Orthodox C++, Sane C++ and Nominal C++, or most anti-modern C++ styles! I do use templates and operator overloading in moderation, especially when they have no runtime impact. I like using nullptr! auto can be nice. I would never, ever use <span class="n">std</span><span class="o">::</span>shared_ptr or std::unique_ptr I very rarely use virtual functions. But there's nothing stopping you from building a powerful and flexible command queue with virtual functions! I never use RTTI, Exceptions or Boost! I hate them all! Don't ask me why! Just deal with it and move on! I personally never use STL containers; std::string/queue/array/vector etc. Too slow! It's just personal! I wouldn't normally use std::atomic, std::mutex, std::thread, but I made an exception for this code! I don't really mind them, I just prefer to make direct API calls, it's what I'm used to! And these are slower! Yes they are! I never use static_cast/dynamic_cast/reinterpret_cast! Too ugly! Use them if you want, but I don't! I'm an advanced Assembler programmer; and advanced Intel intrinsics developer (I'm fluent in SSE/AVX intrinsics)! I only develop on Intel/AMD 32-bit (x86) / 64-bit (x64)! I just never had the need to develop on anything else! I normally like to develop code as low-level as I can, the lower the better! But within reason! I also have layers of abstraction, but I normally build them on top of the lowest level I can, and with good reason! I normally prefer using direct kernel API calls, but I prefer using malloc/free instead of HeapAlloc! When I have a job to do, using something I detest, I first consider the implications of it's use and might protest, with valid reasons. If my protests fall on deaf ears, I just quietly use it, but at least I tried! I can always program at home the way I want! `If we never re-invented the wheel, wouldn't we still be driving horse drawn carriages?` - me If you love writing high performance code, then we share the same passion!   Dedication This code and technique stands on the shoulders of giants! I dedicate this article and technique to John Carmack, Mark J. Kilgard, Michael Abrash, Bob Jenkins and Agner Fog, you are all legends in my eyes! Will we ever see your kind again?   Introduction This article is about the function call protocol and double-buffer queues used in the Command Queue The Command Queue is an easy to use, light-weight, high performance, low overhead, low latency, header-only C++11 class. On instantiation, the object creates a lock-free double-buffered queue and spawns a single thread (the consumer thread); the thread and buffers stay active for the lifetime of the object. The term `command queue`, is used to refer to the custom designed protocol used internally for both storing and executing function calls. The double-buffers are used to store both function pointers and the input values required by the functions (commands), one buffer is used by the consumer thread (internal thread) to execute commands, while the other buffer is available to producer threads (your thread) for new commands. After the internal consumer thread has finished executing all commands (function calls) on the internal buffer, it resets and rotates buffers with the producer threads; giving them a new/clean/reset buffer while it processes any commands on the other buffer. When no more commands are available, the internal consumer thread enters a wait-state (sleeps) until new commands are added. The Command Queue is designed for maximum throughput of function calls, without particular regard for memory consumption. By throughput and low latency, I refer to both the time it takes when a new command is added to the queue and executed, and/or the time taken between executing consecutive commands on a queue, which are separate scenarios, both are designed for maximum throughput, by low level optimizations. If insufficient space is available for new commands from a producer thread, the buffer is expanded dynamically. During a typical real world scenario, the buffers shouldn't exceeds more than a few hundred bytes or KB, due to the fast execution and rotation of the buffers. However during a sustained synthetic stress test of 1 trillion function calls (10 million function calls per second vs. std::thread's 200,000), the memory consumption reached 4MB x2 RAM (8MB). Memory consumption will largely depend on how many functions are added/called and how long the function calls take to complete. Memory usage is typically 20-bytes per-function-call, which is normally freed (reused) immediately after the function is called, by buffer rotation.   Note: The code and examples are made as easy and readeable possible! I know it can be difficult to read and follow other peoples code, it sometimes takes a while to understand the concept as a whole. Some of the concepts discussed here might be `advanced` (depends entirely on your skillset, I don't know who you are or what you know), but I want to break it down and keep things as simple and easy to understand as I can! The important aspect is the overall concept, not actual code / implementation! You can implement this any way you want!   Pros and Cons Pros: Ability to return values directly from a function executed on another thread! Without futures & promises! low overhead: 8-bytes (x86) / 12-bytes (x64) + data per command, +8-bytes extra for execute() stubs low latency inner loop: 6 instructions to execute every command in the queue, this represents the `latency` between consecutive function calls, from beginning to end: lea,call,mov,add,cmp,jb zero execution overhead: the functions have the opportunity to generate no additional call overhead! For example; printf("Hello World") compiled with VS2015 64-bit Release, with stack frames disabled generated 2 instructions in total inside the callback: mov, jmp. This also depends entirely on your functions! fast allocations to consecutive memory without gaps using an internal allocator on general purpose self-managed buffers. Calls to `alloc` just reserve space on the pre-allocated buffer, only realloc() is used when necessary to expand a buffer. The buffers are just reused and rotated All input data required for a function call, including the function pointer are stored consecutively, followed directly by the next command. no memory fragmentation, no linked lists or separate allocations, no free() statements, no gaps, no temporary memory allocations scaleable: can execute millions of functions per second from multiple producers with low memory footprint no traditional push/pop on the queue, `pop` is essentially just the `add` instruction in the inner loop header-only: the compiler has all the information it needs to make all the optimizations it wants to! On a Release build, VS2015 inlined everything I hoped it would, even with default inlining! The templates were all inlined and optimized generating very acceptable code to me Compiler warnings of the templates will give you an indication of most (or all) errors, but they are cryptic! efficient sleep: the thread goes into an efficient wait-state (sleep) when no commands are present, and activated immediately when new commands are added to a queue no switch-case statements, enums, function type or jump-table lookups etc. synthetic benchmark: 10,000,000 function calls per second, in comparison to std::thread's 200,000 Cons: The allocations on the buffers are not aligned, they are packed. The unaligned memory might affect some older architectures. Aligning all the memory would require more clock cycles and more memory. Does not support functions with an unlimited number of input values, currently supports functions with up to 6 input parameters. Support for calling functions with more than 6 parameters can be added! Some compiler error messages are very cryptic, it usually looks like the Command Queue is broken, but it's actually just mismatched number of function input values or data types, it's not usually immediately apparent where the error is!   Use examples Please download the files! It's too much to put here! There are some comments in the files! files in the download examples.cpp - general examples returns.cpp - several examples of return values benchmark.cpp - synthetic benchmark between Command Queue and std::thread - not fair because I don't keep spawning new threads! Just an example of the cost of constantly spawning vs. reusing a thread, it boils down to Command Queue being able to make 500 function calls in the same time it takes for std::thread to spawn! Download commandQ.zip   Lambdas Getting lambdas working can be a pain. Firstly, lambdas cannot be used with templates, because I need a `function pointer address` from the lambda, and they don't know how to `cast` themselves to a function pointer! commandQ( [] { printf( "Hello World" ); } );    // OK This is fine, because I don't use any templates to handle a void(*)() function! void execute( void (*function)() )              // My code to handle the lambda above But I cannot do this for any other function! I need the templates, they are more important to me than lambdas Casting lambdas method 1 commandQ.returns(                    [] { return "Hello World"; }, &hw );  // Not Ok!
commandQ.returns( (const char*(*)()) [] { return "Hello World"; }, &hw );  // Ok! Must be cast! I know right! It's because lamdas CAN be automatically cast, but NOT when you use templates! Because they don't know what type of function to cast to! Nothing I can about this, unless I make functions that use fixed functions. method 2 (same thing as above!) const char* hw = "";                                    // Crazy I know! It's a const!
const char*( *test )( ) = [] { return "Hello World"; };
commandQ.returns( test, &hw );                          // Yes the lambda will replace the const!
commandQ.join();
printf( hw ); Some crazy sh*t! However, this method is a bit easier, because the compiler can help you a bit! In the method above this (method 1), the compiler giving messages about my templates, which confused the crap out of me. It looked like my templates were broken ... the problem was the `const`, yes even in the return value, I know right!     Performance & memory usage Obviously there are many levels and aspects to this subject. So I will try to break it into the various components: Total memory use: 368-bytes (excluding the double-buffers) On Windows 7, Visual Studio 2015 64-bit std::thread - 16-bytes x1 std::condition_variable = 72-bytes x2 (144-bytes) std::mutex = 80 bytes x2 (160-bytes) std::atomic = 8-bytes x2 (one atomic for each buffer) 16-bytes per buffer (8-byte address pointer, 4-bytes total size, 4-bytes used size) (32-bytes for double buffers) bool `shutdown` variable Synthetic Benchmark During synthetic tests, comparing the Command Queue to spawning and executing functions on dedicated threads with std::thread objects, the Command Queue was able to execute 10 million function calls per second, on a Core i5, compared to std::thread's 200,000 function calls. This benchmark is a purely synthetic test, only effective at describing the potential `cost` of spawning threads as the possibility to execute up to 500 (small) function calls in the same time it takes to spawn a thread to make the same call. Due to it's light-weight and extremely efficient algorithms, it's usually far more efficient to execute consecutive function calls on a single thread, compared to spawning new threads or even running thread pools, where context switching can be detrimental to performance! Create object This is fairly costly, because it has to spawn the std::thread and malloc() the double-buffers. I use malloc() because I use realloc() to expand the buffers at runtime when the buffers need more space Create thread In my original design, I used direct API calls, which are obviously faster! However, for this component I just use std::thread, because I generally don't spawn a lot of these objects, so the cost of std::thread is acceptable 16-bytes, it's slower than native API calls, but I only create one internal thread! So it's tolerable. Queues I use a custom internal `queue` implementation, using 16-bytes each. I don't use std::queue; I wrote a long story about why I don't use it, but I eventually deleted it because I don't want to offend too many people! Lets just say std::queue is slower, and I would never use it; in fact I would rather shoot myself in the leg than use std::queue, and lets leave it at that! No wait, let me just add that I have NO respect for the ability (not personal) of anyone using this abomination (std::queue) for their worker thread `tasks` or execution queues ... ok ... I'll shut up now!   std::condition_variable 72-bytes ... WHAT? I'm really sorry about that! Not my code! That's VS2015 C++11 for you! The condition variable is used for notifications during the objects `wait-state` (sleep). I at least made sure to empty both queues before entering wait-state, because it's very costly, but I tried to minimize the impact! std::mutex 80-bytes ... OMG! Again, no idea why it uses 80 bytes! I couldn't believe it either! The mutex is required by the condition variable so I can't avoid it! On native Windows API, I can use a Critical Section for the condition variable, which is a lot lighter! The std::mutex and std::condition_variable are considerably slower than native API calls! But I need them for C++11 `cross platform` support. I would actually rather implement a native Windows API AND Linux API calls than use these monstrosities! std::atomic Thank god at least this compiles to an xchg instruction! I could sleep peacefully!   Terminology command A command is the combination of a function call (pointer address) and input values (data) required to execute it! command queue A command queue is a binary safe, sequentialy packed FIFO queue of commands on a pre-allocated buffer. Two queues exits in a double-buffered configuration. commands are added to one of the command queues by producer threads, while commands are executed by an internal consumer thread on the other queue. command queue protocol The command queue protocol refers to the layout, storage and execution of commands on the command queue stub function The stub functions are special internal functions to `unpack` input values for function calls from the queue. The `stub functions` are also responsible for passing the return values from functions, just like regular functions!   Internal Components (Advanced) This section is probably only relevant to people interested in the development of similar components, or interested in knowing how I solved some of the challenges like handling `return values`. Knowledge at this level is not necessary or required to use the component! I recommend that most people should just skip this section and go directly to the `Code Analysis` below! It's not necessary to read/understand this! It's marked `advanced` because I don't think most people are aware of the challenges, level of difficulty or skill set involved in creating a component like this (this is not a normal queue/buffer/thread!), so unless you've tried to make something similar, I hope you don't mind the distinction; and because I imagine most programmers might not be interested in the low level technical details. So if you're still reading ... I'll try to make the details as `user friendly` as possible, for an advanced audience! I try to make things simple, because even I struggle to follow some articles and concepts, just because they are not presented in a simple way. The concepts here are not that difficult ...   command pseudo structure struct command_t
{
    void (*command)(void*);     //   function (pointer) to execute on remote thread
    uint size;                  //   sizeof( command* ) + sizeof( uint ) + sizeof( data )
    char data[0..n];            //   (optional) input data for function call
}; command = command handler (function by address) + (optional) input values A command is the combination of a function (by address) and the input values required to execute it! Note: I don't actually use this structure, I write this structure directly with pointers! It's simple, and only done once command layout in x64 memory   command handler (lowest level) typedef void ( *PFNCommandHandler ) ( void* data ); It looks very simple on the outside, it's just a `function pointer` typedef, but it's probably the heart and soul of what I call the `protocol`. When I refer to the protocol, what I really mean is the execution of these functions by the consumer thread (internal thread) inner-loop. ALL functions executed by the consumer thread have the same structure; they don't return anything, and they accept a single data pointer. The data pointer is exactly that, a pointer to each commands `personal` data store on the command queue buffer. If you look at the memory structure layout of a command above, the data pointer is the pointer to the orange section. If the command required no data (zero) allocation, then this would actually be a pointer to the next command in the queue. This pointer gives the command full control over what it stored on the command queue buffer. This could literally be anything, from network packets received, raw text/strings, files loaded, raw model/texture/audio data, copies of objects and structures etc. It's actually a bit confusing to work with the raw data at this level. It requires a lot of pointer-to-pointer and pointer dereferencing to work with. Also, if your function required 2, 3 or 4 parameters, it's a bit confusing and error prone to extract the parameters. For this reason, I created the stub functions which are explained below. There is a whole section dedicated to the stub functions, but I just wanted to say something about them here; because they are actually command handlers working at this level with the raw data. They are responsible for extracting parameters from the data pointer passed here and calling the functions. If the function you call has a return value, then the stub functions extract the return address from this data pointer, and write the return value from the function to your address. They are just wrappers at this level to automate working with the data pointer! pseudo command handler examples void cmdPrintf( char** pstring )   { printf( *pstring ); }     // Note: char**, and *pstring
void cmdRender( Model** model )    { (*model)->render(); }
void cmdSetEvent( HANDLE* ev )     { SetEvent( *ev ); }
void cmdMouseMove( int* xy )       { state->mouse_move( xy[0], xy[1] ); }
void cmdTranslate( float* vec3 )   { glTranslatef( vec3[0], vec3[1], vec3[2] ); }
...
rawExecute( cmdPrintf,   "Hello World" );
rawExecute( cmdRender,    myModel );
rawExecute( cmdSetEvent,  myEvent );
rawExecute( cmdMouseMove, x, y );
rawExecute( cmdTranslate, x, y, z ); As you can see, I do make things easier to work with, by redefining `void* data` to be any pointer I want. These are `easy` examples, with just a single input data type, the situation becomes tricky when you have more than one parameter of different types. For the same kind I can just use array syntax, but for various kinds I have to do manual pointer aritmetic. So that's where the stub functions come in handy! However, at this level I can also copy raw data onto the buffer with rawExecuteWithCopy() ... you can read the code if you want to know more!   command queue command queue = binary safe, sequentialy packed FIFO queue of commands (functions with optional input data) commands are added to the command queue by producer threads (your thread), which pre-determine and set the function to call on the internal thread, and write the optional input values for the function call. Each command (function call) includes it's own optional (private) input data buffer, which is inherently thread-safe by design, and stored directly on the command queue. Once added to the queue, the producer thread (yours) notifies the internal thread that new commands are available on the queue, and the commands are executed sequentially. Its important to note, that the internal thread doesn't actually require a notification, unless it's already in a wait state, because it will first check both buffers to make sure no commands exist before entering wait-state, because going into wait-state is `expensive`! commands and their data are not `pushed on`, or `popped off` the queue in the traditional sense. After all the commands in the queue are executed, the buffer is reset (by setting a `used` index to zero), and reused/rotated with the queue avaiable to the producer thread, and looks for the next set of commands; so data allocations on this buffer are never freed, they are just temporary reserved space until the buffer is rotated I use two independent buffers, one for `producer threads` (your thread) to add commands, while the consumer thread (internal) executes commands (function calls) on the internal buffer. After all the commands are finished executing on the internal buffer, the buffers are swoped and the process begins again. All this is done lock-free! command queue layout in memory   stub functions The stub functions are special internal protected functions used to `unpack` function calls from the internal command queue protocol. They are called by the consumer thread when it's ready to call your function. I wanted to explain something about them, because they might be interesting to people wanting to know how I solved the `problem` of returning values from a thread. They are actually a very powerful `invisible man-in-the-middle` doing a lot of work behind the scenes; and essentially give the Command Queue object the `illusion` of making regular function calls; they are also responsible for writing the return values. The process starts when you call execute() and returns() on the producer thread (your thread), which write the values required to make your function call onto the command queue buffer. The values written depends on what you want to do; like: how many parameters does your function require and does it return a value? These functions also write the address to a specific stub function, which is executed on the consumer thread side before your function is called, and will handle extracting the parameters from the command queue buffer for you. Currently there are 14 stub functions, 7 functions for execute() and 7 for returns(). Each stub function handles a different case, depending on the number of parameters your function call requires, from zero to six parameters (0-6 input values). There is no provision for functions that require more than 6 parameters, I don't know any functions that need more than 6, but they can be added if you really need it ... Only execute() and returns() is called on the producer thread, they return after writing values onto the command queue, which will eventually be executed by the consumer thread. So when its finally time for the consumer thread to execute your command, it first calls the stub function! The stub function then `unpacks` the address to your function, any optional parameters and optional return value address from the command queue. The stub function then makes the call to your function, and optionally writes your return value! What is interesting to note about them, is that everything they can do, can be done `manually` by calling rawExecute(), which gives you full control over what you add to the command queue buffer, like writing network packets or raw files directly onto the buffer! The stub functions are really just convenient built-in wrappers for the most common tasks, demonstrating how flexible the command queue protocol is! 64-bit stub function layout on the command queue     Code Analysis command handler typedef typedef void ( *PFNCommandHandler ) ( void* data ); Only really used in the `internal` consumer thread in the inner-loop!   Double buffered command queue structure struct queue_buffer_t
{
    char*         commands;
    uint32_t      size;
    uint32_t      used;
};
queue_buffer_t  buffer[ 2 ];

std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  primary    = &buffer[ 0 ];
std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  secondary  = &buffer[ 1 ];

std::mutex                mtxDequeue;
std::condition_variable   cvDequeue;

std::mutex                mtxJoin;
std::condition_variable   cvJoin;

std::thread*              hThread;
bool        volatile      shutdown = false; CommandQueue()                      { this->init(  256 ); }
CommandQueue( const uint32_t size ) { this->init( size ); }

void init( const uint32_t size )
{
    this->buffer[ 0 ].commands = ( char* ) ::malloc( size );
    this->buffer[ 1 ].commands = ( char* ) ::malloc( size );
    this->buffer[ 0 ].size = size;
    this->buffer[ 1 ].size = size;
    this->buffer[ 0 ].used = 0;
    this->buffer[ 1 ].used = 0;
    this->hThread = new std::thread( &CommandQueue::thread, this );
}

~CommandQueue()
{
    this->shutdown = true;
    this->cvDequeue.notify_one();
    this->hThread->join();
    free( this->buffer[ 0 ].commands );
    free( this->buffer[ 1 ].commands );
} commands expands dynamically at runtime, I normally keep doubling the size with calls to realloc()! Each buffer is managed independently, and there is nothing stopping you from having a pool of buffers! The producer thread writes commands to one buffer, while the consumer thread executes commands on the other Lock-free std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  primary     = &buffer[ 0 ];
std::atomic< queue_buffer_t* >  secondary   = &buffer[ 1 ]; My method is really very simple and crude, and might not be the most efficient way to do this! The producer and consumer threads take ownership of the primary / secondary pointers above by replacing the values in the variables (switching/exchanging) with a nullptr (xchg). When the producer thread is finished adding a commands to the buffer, it puts the address back in primary! So if( primary == nullptr ) then ... it's being used! Wait-free These methods are wait-free in a single producer scenario, with my double buffers, the producer thread will always have a buffer available for writing new commands! However, if you had more producers, two buffers might not be sufficient for wait-free! You might need to add more buffers, or change the design to allow multiple producers to write to the same buffer. An excercise for you!   consumer thread The `internal` thread that executes the commands on a command queue void thread()
{
  queue_buffer_t* buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr );

  while ( true )
  {
     buffer = primary.exchange( buffer );

     while ( buffer == nullptr )
       buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr );

     if ( buffer->used )
     {
        char* base_addr = buffer->commands;
        const char* end = buffer->commands + buffer->used;

        do    // the inner loop - 6 CPU instructions to process a queue
        {
          (*(PFNCommandHandler*)base_addr)(base_addr+sizeof(PFNCommandHandler*)+sizeof(uint32_t));
          base_addr += ( *( uint32_t* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ) );
        }
        while ( base_addr < end );

        buffer->used = 0;
     }
     else if ( this->shutdown )
        break;
     else
     {
        std::unique_lock<std::mutex> lock( mtxDequeue );
        cvDequeue.wait( lock );
        lock.unlock();
     }
  }
}   queue_buffer_t* buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr ); The consumer thread first takes ownership of the secondary buffer (which will have no commands in it), before entering the main loop.   while ( true )
{
    buffer = primary.exchange( buffer );
    ...
} Yeah I know, an infinite loop ... shocking isn't it! And no I will not use while(!shutdown) or something similar! Since the secondary buffer we acquired before this is empty on startup, we don't have to process any commands in it. On entering the loop, we immediately exchange the it with the primary buffer, checking if any producer thread(s) have added commands to it. During the normal looping process, after processing the current buffer, it's reset/recycled and exchanged with the currently active primary buffer (we give the producer threads a clean buffer in exchange for their `used` buffers). So they can start from a new fresh buffer, while the consumer thread processes any commands added to the primary buffer they just exchanged. Note: There is actually high contention for the buffer in the primary variable! Normally the producer thread acquires this buffer, writes data to it, and puts it back. But so does the consumer thread! When the consumer thread is finished processing commands in the buffer, it resets the buffer and also swops it for the buffer in the primary variable.   while ( buffer == nullptr )
    buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr ); while ( buffer == nullptr ) then ... wait for producer thread to finish with it's buffer ... entering this loop means that the primary thread was busy adding a new command to the buffer when we executed the previous swop. Yes, this uses 100% CPU useage, it's from my rendering thread which uses 100% anyway! This is the place to put some kind of waitable event system or just Sleep( 0 ); In the line before this while statement, we put a new clean/empty buffer in the primary variable. But when we exchanged it, we got a nullptr value back, which means a producer thread is currently busy with the buffer that was supposed to be there. When the producer thread is finished writing to the buffer, and tries to write the pointer back to the variable, it will detect a non-null value there (the new clean/empty buffer), and will instead put it's buffer address in secondary. Which is what we are waiting for it! More clarification There are 2 pointers: primary and secondary. Each one holds the address to one of the buffers The presence of a nullptr in primary means the buffer is being used (locked, yes I know I said this is `lock-free`, but it's not really related). An address in the variable means the buffer is available for use! Normally, when a calling thread (producer) wants to write data to the queue, it will take ownership of the primary buffer, by removing the address (xchg) and exhcanging it with a nullptr; then write it's data to the buffer, and put the address back in the primary variable! While it has ownership, the value in the primary variable is nullptr. And when it's finished with the buffer, it just puts the pointer back in primary. However, it's possible that the consumer thread has finished reading/calling/processing all the command handlers (callbacks) in the command queue it currently owns. When it's finished, it resets the buffer, and exchanges it with the one in the primary variable, but if there was a nullptr in the primary variable, it means another thread is writing new commands.   if ( buffer->used )
{
    ...
}
else if ( this->shutdown )
    break; If there is no data in the command queue buffer, then we test the `exit thread` condition variable! We only test it during `downtime`, when the thread has nothing else to do!   char* base_addr = buffer->commands; The reason why base_addr is a char*, is because it gives us byte-size flexibility with pointer arithmetic! eg. base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ... moves over the callback*, to the next value!   const char* end = buffer->commands + buffer->used; Just store the end address for the loop! Reduces the instruction count by 2 in the inner loop!   The inner loop do
{
   (*(PFNCommandHandler*) base_addr)( base_addr + sizeof(PFNCommandHandler*) + sizeof(uint32_t));
   base_addr += ( *( uint32_t* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ) );
}
while ( base_addr < end ); (*(PFNCommandHandler*) base_addr)(base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( uint32_t )); We can finally start calling the command handlers, and pass them a pointer to their input data! Remember the structure: [command*][uint32_t][data] input void* data address = base_addr + sizeof( command* ) + sizeof( uint32_t ) base_addr += ( *( uint32_t* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) ) ); Move to the next address. The [uint32_t] value in our command structure gives us: data size + 12 bytes (x64) which is the offset to the next command! Storing the + 12 bytes (8-byte callback* + sizeof(uint32_t)) (8-bytes for 32-bit) directly in our offset index, actually reduces the instruction count of the inner loop by 1! It's pre-calculated by the producer threads, which actually already do this calculation when they write the uses value of the buffer stucture, so it's a win-win! while ( base_addr < end ); end will be the address just after our last command, this would have been the next address to `append` new commands by the producer threads if we didn't acquire the buffer for processing.   buffer->used = 0; At this point we have completed executing all the commands in the command queue. This is where we actually reset / recycle this buffer, it's just a very simple index variable we set! After this, the buffer here is rotated / exchanged with the one in the primary variable. Rinse and repeat!   producer thread This is any thread that adds commands to a command queue. command = command handler (function pointer) + (optional) input required by the function   Low-level queue management functions These are the only functions you need on the producer thread side to add commands to a command queue! acquireBuffer() Take ownership of a command queue buffer. queue_buffer_t* acquireBuffer()
{
    queue_buffer_t* result;
    while ( ( result = primary.exchange( nullptr ) ) == nullptr )
        ;   // nothing in loop
    return result;
}   releaseBuffer() void releaseBuffer( queue_buffer_t* buffer )
{
    queue_buffer_t* exp = nullptr;
    if ( !primary.compare_exchange_strong( exp, buffer ) )
        secondary = buffer;
    this->cvDequeue.notify_one();
} Called when the producer thread is finished writing commands. Scenario: The producer thread was busy writing commands to the command queue buffer, originally in primary; while this was happening, the consumer thread finished processing a queue, so it put a recycled queue in the primary variable. We detect this situation when we try to write our value back to primary, we detect the presence of a new value there because primary != nullptr. So now we need to write our value to the secondary variable because the consumer thread is waiting for it there! At the same time, on the other side, the consumer thread is waiting, this is the code on the consumer thread side: corresponding code from consumer thread loop buffer = primary.exchange( buffer );

while ( buffer == nullptr )
    buffer = secondary.exchange( nullptr ); The first line writes a new value to the primary variable, this is detected by the scenario explained above! The consumer thread will also detect that there was a nullptr value in the primary variable, and wait for the producer thread to execute releaseBuffer(), and when it does, it will write its value into the secondary variable!   allocCommand() template< typename TCB >
char* allocCommand( queue_buffer_t* buffer, const TCB function, const uint32_t size )
{
    const uint32_t base = buffer->used;
    const uint32_t reserved = sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( uint32_t ) + size;
    buffer->used += reserved;
    if ( buffer->used > buffer->size )
    {
        do buffer->size *= 2;
        while ( buffer->used > buffer->size );
        buffer->commands = (char*) ::realloc( buffer->commands, buffer->size );
    }

    char* command = &buffer->commands[ base ];
    *( ( TCB* ) command ) = function;
    *( ( uint32_t* ) ( command + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = reserved;

    return command + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( uint32_t );
} This is the command queue equivalent of malloc(), it returns a pointer to a reserved space of size bytes. commands sit on a command queue, which is a much larger pre-allocated buffer. So these allocations just reserve space on this dynamic buffer. If the buffer doesn't have enough space, it grows dynamically with realloc(). And again, similar to the internalls of malloc(), it also writes some hidden data to the memory location just before the return address. It writes the function pointer address and the total size used by the command, then returns the address to the byte immediately after the 4-bytes for the uint32_t. General structure: [function*][uint32 size][reserved data bytes][next function* ... Note: Each command can only call this function once! So the required size must be predetermined!   execute() These commands have one very long line, which I cannot format nicely, so I just broke it up into 2 lines. There are 7 of these functions, I'm not going to display all of them, they support from zero to six (0-6) parameters execute() template taking 2 parameters template< typename TCB, typename T1, typename T2 >
void execute( const TCB function, const T1 v1, const T2 v2 )
{
    queue_buffer_t* buffer = acquireBuffer();

    char* data = allocCommand( buffer, executeStubV2< TCB, T1, T2 >,
                  sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) + sizeof( T2 ) );
    *( ( TCB* ) data ) = function;
    *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = v1;
    *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ) = v2;

    releaseBuffer( buffer );
}   template< typename TCB, typename T1, typename T2 > TCB = Typename/Template Callback - just a generic name I used for the function calls void execute( const TCB function, const T1 v1, const T2 v2 ) what can I say? queue_buffer_t* buffer = acquireBuffer(); `acquires` (takes ownership) of a buffer, for exclusive use, the buffer is `acquired` for a very shot time, only a few instructions, unless the buffer has to be resized char* data = allocCommand( buffer, executeStubV2< TCB, T1, T2 >, Part 1: we call allocCommand(), one of the `low level` calls, which is like a call to malloc(), because it returns a pointer to the data section which we can write data to! executeStubV2() This is the address of a special internal handler function, which will `unpack` the values from the command queue buffer on the other side, and actually make the function call executeStubV2() is also a template function, taking the same parameters. The address to this function is written directly to the command queue buffer inside the call to allocCommand(), sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) + sizeof( T2 ) ); Part 2: We are reserving this much space on the command queue buffer. If there is not enough space to satisfy this request, then the buffer is resized with realloc() *( ( TCB* ) data ) = function; The `function` that YOU want to call, is actually the first thing written to the data section of the buffer! *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = v1;
*( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ) = v2; After writing the function, we write the input values (parameters) required for the function.   returns() The structure of `returns()` calls is almost identical to execute()! template< typename TCB, typename R, typename T1, typename T2 >
void returns( const TCB function, const R ret, const T1 v1, const T2 v2 )
{
    queue_buffer_t* buffer = acquireBuffer();

    char* data = allocCommand( buffer, returnStubV2< TCB, R, T1, T2 >, 
        sizeof( PFNCommandHandler* ) + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof(T1) + sizeof(T2) );
    *( ( TCB* ) data ) = function;
    *( ( R* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = ret;             // This line is the main difference
    *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) ) ) = v1;
    *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ) = v2;

    releaseBuffer( buffer );
} The main differences, are the use of `R` for the return address types. Also, the order of writing data is slightly different. We write the `R ret` value to the buffer directly after writing the function pointer, but before writing the parameters! This also forces us to recalculate the position of the input values, note the sizeof( R ) when writing T1 and T2! And the corresponding returnStubV2() function on the other side will `unpack` these values!   returnStubV#()   template< typename TCB, typename R, typename T1, typename T2 >
static void returnStubV2( char* data )
{
    const TCB function = *( ( TCB* ) data );
    const T1 v1 = *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) ) );
    const T2 v2 = *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) );
    **( ( R* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = function( v1, v2 );
} There are 7 of these functions, I'm just going to show the corresponding one for the returns() above! template< typename TCB, typename R, typename T1, typename T2 > Pretty much the same template as the returns() static void returnStubV2( char* data ) `should` be static, this function will be called by the internal thread Very important to note, is the char* data Since this is a `command handler`, and it will be called by the internal consumer thread, it requires a specific pre-defined structure, which includes accepting one pointer. The reason why I use char* is because it makes pointer addition (sizeof()) a lot easier! const TCB function = *( ( TCB* ) data ); We extract the function address from the data pointer const T1 v1 = *( ( T1* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) ) );
const T2 v2 = *( ( T2* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) + sizeof( R ) + sizeof( T1 ) ) ); Extract 2x parameters, since this is the `2 parameter` version **( ( R* ) ( data + sizeof( TCB* ) ) ) = function( v1, v2 ); This is where we actually make the function call, and we write the return value directly to the address stored in the buffer. This might seem a bit complicated, but it's not really. On the data buffer, after sizeof( TCB*) is the address of the return value (R) we stored.   The end   Rant Sorry, but I gotta get this off my chest! This could be an entire article by itself! Disclaimer: I just wish more programmers would be motivated to write faster executing code, but we don't all share the same goals or the same level of knowledge, and I know there are external pressures on programmers to deliver on deadlines, I just wish it wasn't so! about other multi-threaded code What really prompted me to release my code, was looking at several articles and source code on the same subject; they just made me sick! I'm sorry to say it, but there's no polite way for me to explain what I felt when I saw the vile abominations, excrement and violations of something so sacred to me! Not only does the source code look like an absolute abomination from hell, but the entire concept is a violation of everything I hold dear, especially about high performance programming! Sure, you want to use a ring-buffer to `improve performance`, and possibly reduce memory consumption, I get it! But it's not only the buffer that's the problem, your entire implementation is flawed and slow as f%#$? What's the point of trying to make something perform faster, when you only deal with half the problem, because your entire design is flawed and suffers from massive conceptual bottlenecks, on a collossal scale? If you are going to take the time to show your readers how a ring buffer works, because you think its necessary to speed up your implementation, but you are absolutely ignorant of the fact that the rest of your code is a travesty! For crying out loud, learn how to optimize the rest of it! You don't need a damn ring buffer! You need to learn how things actually work at a lower level!!! And for those implementing std::queue/std::vector for their execution queues, I just have nothing good to say about that! When you think about multi-threading, you are thinking about `performance`, aren't you? Isn't that the whole point? So why the %#$@ would you send your whole function queue through a meat grinder, piece of crap, slow as a mule, thing like an std::queue, don't you know anything about writing optimized code yourself? Have you actually looked inside the internals of that abomination? Don't you have any respect for your code? Sorry, this was aimed at other people writing articles on this subject, `promoting` concepts, ideas and code that I don't agree with! Each to their own! Not personal! about the state of programming in general Where have all the low-level programmers gone? Why are there so few articles being released about lower-level techniques these days? Have they all been discovered already? Why does it seem like everyone is jumping on the next bandwagon language or C++ revision, is it really the holy-grail? Doesn't anyone stop to think or examine what they're doing or using, or do they all just blindly accept and stay away from peeking inside those vile internals? "I need to do xyz", and the answer is: "just use Boost"! Do you know why std::string uses 40-bytes of overhead? Why do I feel the necessity to put "low-level" in the title, just so mainstream/`modern` programmers won't criticise my use of function pointers and raw pointer arithmetic, are they really that detestable? Is nobody interested in these techniques anymore? These concepts aren't even that low-level to me, and I should imagine that every professional C/C++ programmer should be comfortable with them! And why does my damn Firefox browser currenly need 80 threads and 2GB of RAM to open 6 tabs? Does Gmail and YouTube really require that much to function? And for that matter, why does Google Chrome currently need 7 processes, 99 threads and 700MB RAM to open a single Gmail tab??? I literally just counted it! And I can't even tell if my Gmail tab is running on the process with 45 threads or the one using 350MB of RAM! For crying out loud people, it's just Gmail! Do you know what I can do with 99 threads and 700MB of RAM? Does a &^$%@&ing Gmail tab really need all that??? 99 threads!!! If anyone working on Firefox or V8 actually gave a f*** about true performance, I would have a faster browsing experience! I constantly need to close tabs because Chrome and Firefox consume all 8GB of my RAM! Why is it widely perceived that Moore's law is still in effect, but it doesn't feel like it because everyone just keeps adding more and more layers of abstraction, abstraction on top of abstraction; "hey look at this, my abstraction uses another layer of abstraction!" Are these concepts really that hard to grasp and work with? Raise the bar people, and lets get back to being hackers in the original sense of the word! Ok ... rant over! Whew!   Assembler output of consumer thread loop This is from my Windows API version, I just thought I would leave it here for reference. The C++11 version similar while ( true )
{
commandQ = (command_queue_t*) InterlockedExchangePointer( &primary, commandQ );
13F9ECDE0 48 87 1D E9 B0 00 00 xchg        rbx,qword ptr [primary (013F9F7ED0h)]

while ( commandQ == nullptr )
13F9ECDE7 48 85 DB             test        rbx,rbx
13F9ECDEA 75 13                jne         (013F9ECDFFh)
13F9ECDEC 0F 1F 40 00          nop         dword ptr [rax]

{
commandQ = (command_queue_t*) InterlockedExchangePointer( &secondary, nullptr );
13F9ECDF0 48 8B DD             mov         rbx,rbp
13F9ECDF3 48 87 1D CE B0 00 00 xchg        rbx,qword ptr [(013F9F7EC8h)]
13F9ECDFA 48 85 DB             test        rbx,rbx
13F9ECDFD 74 F1                je          (013F9ECDF0h)
}

if ( commandQ->used )
13F9ECDFF 8B 43 0C             mov         eax,dword ptr [rbx+0Ch]
13F9ECE02 85 C0                test        eax,eax
13F9ECE04 74 20                je          (013F9ECE26h)

{
char* base_addr = commandQ->commands;
13F9ECE06 48 8B 3B             mov         rdi,qword ptr [rbx]

const char* end = commandQ->commands + commandQ->used;
13F9ECE09 48 8D 34 07          lea         rsi,[rdi+rax]
13F9ECE0D 0F 1F 00             nop         dword ptr [rax]

do
{
( *(PFNCommandCallback*) base_addr )( base_addr + sizeof(PFNCommandCallback*) + sizeof(UINT) );
13F9ECE10 48 8D 4F 0C          lea         rcx,[rdi+0Ch]
13F9ECE14 FF 17                call        qword ptr [rdi]

base_addr += ( *( UINT* ) ( base_addr + sizeof( PFNCommandCallback* ) ) );
13F9ECE16 8B 47 08             mov         eax,dword ptr [rdi+8]
13F9ECE19 48 03 F8             add         rdi,rax
}

while ( base_addr < end );
13F9ECE1C 48 3B FE             cmp         rdi,rsi
13F9ECE1F 72 EF                jb          (013F9ECE10h)

commandQ->used = 0;
13F9ECE21 89 6B 0C             mov         dword ptr [rbx+0Ch],ebp  
13F9ECE24 EB BA                jmp         (013F9ECDE0h)  

}
else if ( exitThread )
13F9ECE26 8B 05 20 B3 00 00    mov         eax,dword ptr [(013F9F814Ch)]
13F9ECE2C 85 C0                test        eax,eax
13F9ECE2E 74 B0                je          (013F9ECDE0h)

break;
}     License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The MIT License Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author T. Herselman South Africa Love and passion for low level, high performance code! The lower the better! I disassemble everything! I learnt x86 Assembler in the 90's, after reading the `Zen of Assembly Language` and `Graphics Programmers Black Book` by Michael Abrash. I also love C & C++, but I'm anti-Modern C++! (It's hard to clarify what I mean by `anti-Modern C++`! Because I love a lot of things added to C++11! Like nullptr, auto and a few other things) I hate the abominations called `futures`/`promises`, STL containers, shared_ptr etc. I've been inspired by the works of John Carmack, Mark J. Kilgard, Michael Abrash, Bob Jenkins and especially Agner Fog! You may also be interested in... Pro Challenging Some of the Myths About Static Code Analysis Pro Static Code Analysis in an Agile World Top 10 steps to optimize data access in SQL Server: Part III (Apply advanced indexing and denormalization) Announcing Ubuntu and Wind River Pulsar support with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0 JIT Optimizations Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Thank you! Rado_16-Dec-16 20:19 Rado_ 16-Dec-16 20:19  I really like your approach. I have been reimplementing the same concept over and over, but whether due to no need of performance or just dumbness - I have never arrived at such elaborated design. I have spent crunching your code to my needs the last day and half, and I though that I can share some of my achievements. Assuming the generated code is the same when optimized: * Unlimited number of arguments for execution * No differentiation of casual function or non-capture lambda i.e. you can use plain lambdas as you like * Same interface for submission of tasks, the return part of the code is generated at compile time * Compile time decisions for used allocator, default buffer size. Well that's simple. Also I though about the number of buffer, but I do not see a need of that. * I cut the code in half. * In standard C++14, I though use 1-2 things from C++17 implemented as separate tools. When the new standard comes the code&maintenance will be even less. I surely do not want to prise myself! This is just a proof that this tool can be developed further! After that I did some design changes to fit my application though Please remove your exclamation marks! MageLord2-Sep-16 4:04 MageLord 2-Sep-16 4:04  There are too many of them and make your otherwise great article awful to read. Re: Please remove your exclamation marks! T. Herselman2-Sep-16 4:53 T. Herselman 2-Sep-16 4:53  Wow, I never realized I used so many! hehe I'll get around to it when I have some free time. << I almost put another one there. << and there Wow, I really need to hold back on them. << omg, I want to put another one there ... WHY??? Damn that's actually an annoying habit I never knew I had. << ffs With you on the rant john morrison leon25-Aug-16 23:55 john morrison leon 25-Aug-16 23:55  I like your rant. Indeed we are being told that performance doesn't matter yet we suffer waiting for our machines to respond. Web browsers are particularly bad because the download times cover up atrocious processing delays. The worst of it is that after all that software layer conformance coding, it frequently freezes up in action taking the entire machine down with it. I am not in the same place as you because I don't disassemble although I do hold in my head a plausible fantasy of the machine operations that will have to be done to achieve what my code has asked for. I take my machine to be the C++ language so I am limited to optimisations that the compiler can be convinced to make using the C++ language. However they are many, especially if you get into templates, rich typing and compile time programming. It is the language in which I put my faith and I am reluctant to trust libraries until I have a good idea of their language expression. Modern C++ as in using C++11 is simply better but I distrust exotic use of STL collections and their iterators – there are good uses for the new auto keyword but using it to cover up abominable iterator declarations isn't one of them. I do use std::vector and std::unique_ptr because I have to get engineering work done and they are the backbone of dynamic construction. I tolerate the intrusion of the arcane 'push_back' in my otherwise intuitively readable code because most engineers have now been exposed to it – why couldn't they have simply called it 'add'. Design Patterns is a noble attempt to produce generalised abstractions of what good programmers have been doing for years and give names to it. Great as a reference when you are trying to solve a problem but using it as a primary pedagogical tool and embedding it as a way programmers talk to each other has been a disaster similar to the stultifying effects of teaching complex grammar rules to children. I stay clear of them lest they unbalance my better judgement – like the grammar rules used to when I was a child. I like writing library code that is elegant to use, is elegantly written and compiles to the most optimal run-time code possible with the information available. I see a need to build zero or minimal overhead software layers which work largely as a compile time conceptual interpreters rather than generators of extra code. I am an engineer so I do need to at least conceptually encapsulate complexities. modified 26-Aug-16 9:56am. Re: With you on the rant Frédéric Steczycki29-Aug-16 22:57 Frédéric Steczycki 29-Aug-16 22:57  +1 at least Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 2-Jan-17 11:16 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 26 Aug 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by T. Herselman Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid


Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  Handhelds  »  Tablets  »  News Using the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S as my only computer Friday 26 August 2016  | Comment Now Why carry a tablet and laptop with you, when a 2-in-1 can do the job of both better? One of the big manufacturing goals with portable computers has been to make them smaller and smaller, without having to sacrifice features or power. It seems strange, then, that even though this goal has been met, I actually carry more devices than I used to, with a phone, tablet and laptop all taking up room in my everyday bag. The phone is a given, but a laptop and tablet seem a little too much to carry all of the time. Surely there's a better way? Moving to a 2-in-1 Thanks to Windows 10 and low-power Intel chips, there's a new category of computer: the 2-in-1. Effectively, these devices are full-on tablets that convert into full-on laptops when you need them. So rather than having two devices, I can carry just the one. But can I really get by with just the one device? To find out, I'm switching exclusively to the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S, a powerful Windows 10 2-in-1 computer with a 12in screen. Over this series of these articles, the TabPro S will be the only computer I use for everything: for work, for watching movies on the go, and for browsing the internet from the comfort of the sofa. I wouldn't even attempt to make the full switch if I didn't have confidence in the hardware, so here's what's drawn me to the TabPro S. It's powerful and light One of the reasons tablets became popular was that the switch to mobile processor meant they were thin and light. But tablets were only capable of running cut-down mobile software, rather than full applications that I need for work. With the TabPro S, I don't have to worry about power, as its 900MHz Intel Core m3-6Y30 processor can Turbo Boost to 2.2GHz. This is a proper laptop specification, so all of the desktop apps I'm used to running will run properly. Samsung has used all of its display prowess to ensure that the Galaxy TabPro S has an amazing screen. It uses Super AMOLED technology, which means near-perfect blacks, bright whites and stunning colours, and has a super-high resolution of 2,160 x 1,440. Power doesn't mean compromise, though, and the TabPro S is every bit as small and light as I'd expect a tablet to be: the main unit is a mere 6.3mm thick and weighs only 693g. Adding the keyboard cover brings the weight up to just 1.09kg. In total, this means that I'm carrying a lot less bulk than before and it's more than 1kg lighter. Thanks to all of the TabPro S's energy-efficient components, battery life tops out at just over ten hours – all-day computing in a device as powerful as a laptop and as convenient as a tablet. Throw in the built-in 4G modem in the model I'm using, and I'm freed from finding a Wi-Fi hotspot. I've got a device that I can use anywhere and everywhere to get online. It runs full Windows 10 Having a separate tablet and a laptop generally means having different apps on each, often to do the same jobs. It's a little annoying, and often meant I'd favour one device for one specific job, switching between laptop and tablet. And getting the same data on both devices meant using cloud synchronisation in the background. The Galaxy TabPro S runs the full version of Windows 10, which can seamlessly switch between Laptop mode (standard applications and the desktop) and Tablet mode (a touchscreen interface). Most importantly, both modes can use the same apps and the same data. With the Galaxy TabPro S, I only need to keep my data in one place and I only need to find one app for each task. It is a proper laptop For getting serious work done, there's simply no better alternative to a proper laptop configuration: a great keyboard and touchpad controlling a proper desktop operating system. With Windows 10, I've definitely got the latter, but the Galaxy TabPro S provides the former with its brilliant keyboard cover. From the outside it looks like a regular tablet cover, but flip it open and dock the main unit to the keyboard's magnetic connector and, bang, it's a full laptop. The keyboard is pretty much full-sized, and the keys have a fair amount of travel. It's like typing on a real laptop, rather than using one of those cheap tablet keyboards that are sold as a second-thought add-on. There's a touchpad, too, which supports multi-touch gestures such as two fingers for scrolling. With a touchscreen in front of you, the touchpad may seem a little pointless, but it makes selecting text, using menus and navigating regular Windows that much easier. A full laptop means having expansion options, and the Galaxy TabPro S has a USB Type-C port. As well as for charging the laptop, this port can be used with adapters for regular USB devices (memory sticks, keyboards, printers and so on) and for connecting to displays, so I can use a full-sized monitor on a desktop if I want. It is a proper tablet Just pull the Galaxy TabPro S out of the keyboard dock and it becomes a proper tablet, with Windows 10 switching to Tablet mode. This pushes the Start screen to take up the full display, letting me easily run touch-friendly apps, although the desktop is still available and all regular apps can be run if I need them. With Windows 10's brilliant touchscreen interface, I never feel as though I desperately need a keyboard and mouse in this mode, which was a problem with previous versions of Windows. Conclusion With the Galaxy TabPro S, I finally need just one device and I can live without compromise: it's a powerful laptop with a keyboard when I need it to be, and it's a powerful tablet with a touchscreen interface when I need that. This article originally appeared at alphr.com Related Articles Microsoft’s finally done something cool with Windows 10 How to: Making the most of Windows 10 on a 2-in-1 May-July 2016: popular operating systems and products had 2,686 vulnerabilities Windows 10 review: Microsoft's Anniversary Update adds polish Review: Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Source: Copyright © Alphr, Dennis Publishing See more about:  samsung galaxy tabpro s  |  windows 10   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   Review: Motorola Moto G4     How to: Buy a compact system camera     Why Star Citizen is the space sim you'll still be playing in 5 years     Review: Samsung Galaxy TabPro S   More in Tablets (1 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo Ideapad Miix 700 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (2 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (3 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 2-in-1 << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (4 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Dell Inspiron 13 5000 2-in-1 delivers quality over battery << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (6 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (7 of 10 articles) NEWS Asus lifts the lid on three stylish new laptops << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (8 of 10 articles) REVIEW Review: Asus Transformer Book Flip TP200SA << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (9 of 10 articles) NEWS New Amazon Fire HD 8 provides tablet thrills for a low, low price << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> More in Tablets (10 of 10 articles) NEWS Hands-on Preview: Lenovo Yoga Book and its Halo Keyboard is a revolutionary hybrid << Prev Next >> View all Tablets articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Tablets News Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference Review Review: Asus ZenBook Flip UX360CA Feature What we know about... the Apple iPad Pro 2 12.9 Group Test Microsoft UMPC devices Gallery Unboxed: Microsoft's Surface Pro 2 A-list Product Apple iPad Pro 9.7in From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Gear S3: Samsung's long-lasting smartwatch reviewed Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible The best tech products of 2016 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Australian telco year in review: the 10 biggest stories A year of deals! 26 Australian reseller mergers in 2016 The top 10 data centre stories of 2016 The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Former Toll CIO lands at Essential Energy Photos: The tech that used to run the Commonwealth Bank Telcos take ACCAN to task Ex-CBA IT exec sentenced to 3.5 years in jail for bribery 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Star Wars Battlefront’s Scarif DLC fails to impress 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.


Go Phones Laptops Cameras TV Gaming Wearables Forum MORE All articles Best picks Drones Car Tech Smart Home Gift Ideas Downloads Login Follow Us Follow Us Subscribe Drones Review Yuneec Typhoon H Drone Review by Richard Baguley Aug 25, 2016, 2:42 PM Yuneec Typhoon H Drone Editor's choice The good Easy to use controller and big, bright video preview Offers plenty of speed and maneuverability Excellent video and photo quality 360-degree camera pan offers more flexible shooting The bad Collision avoidance only detects objects right in front Slight lag in video preview Verdict The Typhoon H is an innovative, easy-to-fly drone that offers a lot of features for the serious drone video maker. 9/10 Superior $1,279.00 Amazon If you are serious about taking high-quality airborne video, you need a drone that offers serious quality and flexibility. The Typhoon H is the latest model from Yuneec for the high-end drone user, shooting very high quality 4K video and offering a lot of features. Relatively quiet operation, a 360-degree pannable camera and a big-screen HD video preview are among the features on offer in this attractive package. Design Looking like a matte black flying insect, the Typhoon H is a large, but lightweight drone. It uses six engines to fly, two more than the usual quadcopter, with the idea being that more engines means more control. Each of the six engines is on the end of a 9-inch carbon fiber arm that folds up when not in use, making the hexacopter smaller and easier to store. When you want to fly, the arms fold up and lock in place. In flying position, the hexacopter measures 28.5 inches from blade tip to blade tip, and about 13 inches from blade top to landing gear. It folds down to about 11 x 11 x 11 inches for storage (not including the rotor blades, which have to be removed), so it could be stored in a large backpack. The hexacopter is pretty light, though, thanks to the use of carbon fiber: the takeoff weight is 4.3 pounds, complete with the large 5400 mAh battery. (That’s about a pound heavier than the DJI Phantom 4) The controller adds about 2.6 pounds to this, so it is quite light for a drone of this size. All of this comes in a tough foam box that can be used with an appropriately-sized backpack as a portable drone kit. The Typhoon H’s battery slips into the center body of the drone, which houses all of the electronics. The Typhoon H includes a collision avoidance system, which uses an ultrasonic rangefinder to detect objects ahead of the drone and stop it. Yuneec also offers a model that includes an Intel RealSense camera system for mapping and avoiding obstacles, but our test model did not include this. This model (called the Typhoon H Pro) costs an additional $600. Credit: Yuneec The landing gear is also made of carbon fiber, and has an unusual feature: after the drone has taken off, it folds up with the flick of a switch against the body. This makes the Typhoon H a little more aerodynamic and gives the camera under the drone body an uninhibited 360-degree field of view: unlike other drones, the camera can rotate all the way around with a view unobscured by the legs of the drone. This definitely makes shooting pans easier: rather than rotating the entire drone, you can just rotate the camera for slower and more subtle shots. MORE: The Best Drones and Quadcopters on Any Budget The camera and gimbal attach to the base of the drone body, with rubber joints that stop vibrations from the rotors reaching the camera. The gimbal can rotate a full 360 degrees, and tilt the camera up by 10 degrees, or right down to look directly below. The camera itself is spherical and 3.5 inches in diameter. Most drone cameras look like GoPros, but the CS3 camera here looks a lot like one of the EVA pods from 2001: a Space Odyssey, although hopefully without the murderous tendencies. The micro SD card that holds the recorded video fits into the back of the camera body. The video files are saved as MP4 files, and at the highest resolution, the included 16GB micro SD card can hold about 45 minutes of video. Credit: Yuneec Specs Rotors: 6 (2 blades per rotor) replaceable, 9.25-inch diameter  Battery Size: 14.8V 5400-mAh Li-ion, removable   Battery Life: 23/25 minutes (claimed/tested)   Camera: CGO3+, up to 4096 by 2160(24fps) or 30840 by 2160 (30fps)   Smartphone Controlled: No, Android controller  FAA Registration: Yes   Size: 10.5 x 12 x 11 in (folded), 28.5 x 28 x 13 (flight config, rotor tip to rotor tip)  Weight: 4.3 pounds Controller The ST16 controller is a hefty device, measuring a little more than 13 inches long and 7 inches wide. Fortunately, it is fairly light (weighing 2.6 lbs) and comes with a neck strap that holds the weight. It’s a pretty powerful device, running a custom version of the Android OS on an Intel processor. This means that you don’t need (or want) a smartphone or tablet to fly the Typhoon H: everything is done from the controller. Although it is large, the controller fits in the hand well, with two grips on either side. It is bristling with buttons and dials: I counted five buttons, five switches and three dials, not including the control sticks and the directional buttons below them. This is enough to give a novice nightmares, but it does keep commonly used controls (such as stopping and starting the motors, starting video and raising and lowering the landing gear) close at hand, and the numerous dials allow you to create smooth tilts and pans with the camera. Credit: Yuneec In the middle of the controller, a 7-inch LCD screen shows the preview video and the settings. This puts a lot of info on screen at once, but you can hide this: just tap on the screen and the screen switches to a video preview-only mode. The Typhoon H’s video preview is at 720P high definition — unusual since most other drones send only a standard definition or lower-resolution preview to the controller or connected device. This gives you a much better sense of what the final video will look like, which makes it easier to spot problems while shooting. Credit: Yuneec There are two antennas on the top of the controller, one for the radio control signal, and another for the video preview. Both use signals in the 5Ghz frequency range, which Yuneec claims will work over a range of up to a mile away. I didn’t go quite that far, but had no problems maintaining control and receiving a video preview from a couple of hundred meters away, considerably further than most drones. Flying The Typhoon H is a fun drone to fly, responding quickly to the controls and offering plenty of speed. Yuneec claims the drone can manage a little over 40 miles per hour, and that sounds about right. It’s not a racing drone, but it can get around at speed. It is also quieter than many other drones, producing less distracting noise while hovering. It isn’t a stealth device, though: the noise is still enough to alert local wildlife to its presence. The controls are sensitive, making it easy to execute moves like slow turns or gentle climbs that make for nice looking video. Separate controls on the front and back of the controller pan and tilt the camera: you can tilt without moving your hands from the control sticks, but a pan requires you to let the control stick go. MORE: The Best Places to Fly Drones in the U.S. The Typhoon H requires a bit more preparation for flying than most drones. On most drones, you just unpack and fly, but the Typhoon H requires you to unfold the arms, making sure they are locked into place, before you install the six rotor blades. It’s not difficult, but it makes getting ready take longer. The big red button on the left shoulder of the controller starts the motors, and a touch of the left stick lifts off. Once in the air, the Typhoon H hovers steadily, awaiting your commands. This does require a strong GPS signal, though: if the satellites are blocked or the drone didn’t get a strong enough location fix, it does bounce around a little, shifting as the GPS fix updates. With a clear sky, both the drone and the controller acquired a strong GPS fix in less than 30 seconds, though. One interesting feature of the Typhoon H is the ability to fly with a damaged rotor: Yuneec claims that if one rotor breaks, the drone will notice and adjust, compensating for the lost rotor. When flying the Typhoon H, we did find a slight delay in the video preview: the process of compressing, sending and decompressing the video means that the preview lags the real world by about half-a-second. That’s not a problem most of the time, but it can be if you are making a close approach to something and are flying from the preview. Most drones have a slight delay, but the delay on the Typhoon H is longer, and requires cautious flying. The Typhoon H includes a collision avoidance system in the form of an ultrasonic rangefinder on the front of the drone body. When enabled, the drone stops if it detects anything in front of it. I found that it detected even small objects like branches, but only if they are directly in front of the drone. It won’t spot things that are even slightly to the side or alongside the drone. One interesting feature of the Typhoon H is the ability to fly with a damaged rotor: Yuneec claims that if one rotor breaks, the drone will notice and adjust, compensating for the lost rotor. While this is definitely a nice trick, we found that it wasn’t that useful, as crashes and collisions would usually break more than one of the closely placed rotors. In one instance, we clipped a branch, and the hexacopter immediately began to spin, bringing two other rotors into contact with the branch, breaking them and sending the drone plunging to the ground. The carbon fiber body of the Typhoon H proved to be very strong, though, shrugging off this 10-foot fall without a scratch. However, a second crash proved more of a problem, with a similar fall breaking one of the joints for the landing gear and the gimbal mount. Autonomous Flying There are several autonomous flying modes on offer, where the Typhoon H itself does most of the flying: Orbit Me, Point of Interest, Journey, Curve Cable Cam, Follow Me and Return Home. In Orbit Me mode, the Typhoon H will orbit around the controller, keeping the camera pointed at the operator while it flies around them. The distance and height of the orbit can be set on the controller, and the operator sets the speed of the orbit. The Point of Interest mode is similar to the orbit mode, except it will orbit around a specified location, set by GPS co-ordinates on the controller screen. Again, the radius, height and speed of the orbit can be set by the pilot. All of the autonomous modes are easy to use and control. Journey is a drone selfie mode, where the drone will fly out to about 150 feet away from your current location, then fly back in to about 15 feet away, keeping the camera pointed toward the operator to capture their happy smiling face. It’s a fun preset to use if you are sitting on the edge of a cliff or other scenic spot. Curve Cable Cam will create a route between a series of waypoints, orienting the camera as requested along the way. The curve part comes from the way the drone’s software calculates the route, creating a smooth, curved path that the drone will follow. Yuneec Typhoon H Drone: Follow-Me Mode Follow Me, as the name suggests, will follow the controller at a specified distance, keeping the camera pointing at the controller. Although the large controller isn’t really practical to carry with you on a bike, Yuneec offers another controller: the Wizard, a smaller $140 controller which lacks a screen. The idea is that this TV remote-sized controller is more portable, so it can be put into a bag or pocket and carried around in the Follow Me mode. It has a few simple controls on it for take-off, landing, setting the height and starting the Follow Me mode. It can also be used with the main ST16 controller (Yuneec calls this team mode) where the Wizard controls the drone flight, while the main controller controls the camera. This wasn’t available for testing, unfortunately, but it is definitely an interesting idea for the action sports user, and can now be purchased online or at retailers. All of these modes are easy to use and control: just tap on the task button on the screen, select the mode from the menu and follow the prompts. The prompts are easy for novices, and can be skipped once you know how to run the modes effectively. We found that these modes worked well, but some were limited. For instance, the Follow Me mode lagged behind when I tried it while walking around holding the controller. It worked fine when I walked in a straight line, but turning direction seemed to confuse it a bit. Presumably, the algorithm the drone uses to track the controller is designed to work with things like a bike or car, which generally keep going in a straight line. MORE: What the FAA's Drone Rules Could Mean for You Once you are finished flying, just flip the flight mode switch to H (for home) and the Typhoon H automatically flies to about 30 feet above the home location and lands gently. Generally, I found the Typhoon H to perform similarly to the Phantom 4 and the 3DR Solo in these modes. All of these use a slightly different approach, but offer a similar set of modes for autonomously flying around to create shots. The Typhoon H has a slight advantage with the 360-degree camera rotation, but all of these drones can be used to take great shots once you figure them out. Photos & Video The CGO3+ camera that comes with the Typhoon H can capture excellent quality video at 4K resolution at 30 or 24 frames per second. This video has great quality, with smooth motion and lots of detail, although there is a little electronic noise in the images, and the camera does pick up occasional vibrations from the drone body. These are rare, though, and the drone generally does an excellent job of keeping the camera steady and the video sharp. We preferred the video from the Typhoon H over that captured by the Phantom 4: it was sharper, steadier and smoother in pans and tilts. The camera hangs underneath the drone body, separated by the gimbal and a series of rubber joints that stop vibrations being transmitted to the camera. The gimbal is unusual in that it can pan a full 360 degrees. Most drones (like the DJI Phantom 4) only offer a limited pan range: to pan around further, you have to rotate the entire drone. When you do pan, the camera often catches sight of the landing legs of the drone. Not so on the Typhoon H: because the landing legs can be raised out of the way, you can take full 360-degree pans by rotating the camera, which produces much smoother rotation than turning the whole drone. The camera can also tilt straight down, and this extra flexibility makes it a very capable aerial camera for capturing shots like panoramas, rolling landscapes or panning shots where the subject walks across the landscape. The CGO3+ camera can also take 12-megapixel photos, triggered from the shutter button on the controller. The quality of these photos is generally excellent, but they did suffer from some of the same issues as the video. Low-light shots contained a small (but visible) amount of noise in the shadows and lowlights. MORE: Why Drone Racing is the Next Big Sport However, using this drone does lock you into using this one camera. Some drones use third party cameras that can be replaced and upgraded by new models. You can start out on the 3DR Solo, for instance, with a cheap GoPro, then upgrade it to a better one that can shoot 4K video as your budget allows. You can’t do that with the Typhoon H, as you can only use the camera that comes with the drone. That might not be a limitation for most, especially as the CGO3+ camera can shoot up to 4K video, but it might limit the more experimental video maker. Repairability The Typhoon H feels a little lightweight in terms of construction and it’s a complicated beast: more parts means more bits to fail. We didn’t have any issues in our testing, though, with complex parts like the fold-out arms and retracting undercarriage performing without problems.   MORE: Drone Buying Guide: Everything You Need to Know A new set of six rotor blades for the Typhoon H will set you back $30, which is cheaper than most. Installing and removing the rotor blades is very easy: to install you match the color of the center of the rotor with the top of the motor (white or black) push it into place and then twist the rotor to lock it in, which it does with a satisfying click. To remove a rotor, just press the button on top of the motor and twist the rotor in the reverse direction. It’s a very simple system that is quick and easy to use, but which also makes sure that the rotor is properly installed. Battery Life Yuneec claims a battery life of up to 25 minutes from the large 5,400 mAh battery, and I found that to be about right: I typically got between 20 and 25 minutes from a full charge, depending on how hard I was flying. The Typhoon H comes with a single battery, and a charger that can handle one battery at a time. This took a long time to fully charge, usually about an hour and 45 minutes. One interesting feature is the inclusion of a cable that can charge the battery from a car lighter: I haven’t seen this handy feature included with a drone before. The charger also has a USB port that can charge the controller, or another USB device. Spare batteries for the Typhoon H cost about $130 each, which is average for larger drones like this. Credit: Yuneec Bottom Line The Typhoon H has a lot to offer the aerial movie maker, taking great quality video that is smooth and has plenty of detail. Video was superior to that shot with the Phantom 4: even in a slight wind, the Typhoon shot sharp, clean footage that belied the fact it was being buffeted around. You are locked into the included camera: drones like the 3DR Solo that use a third-party camera allow you to upgrade the camera when new models or features come out, which you can’t do with the Typhoon H. The carbon fiber and hexacopter design is undeniably cool and works well, but it does involve more moving parts, which means more things that could break. Despite these limitations, the Typhoon H is a great high-end camera drone that offers a lot of features at a competitive price. 9/10 Quick Take Excellent video quality and easy control make this hexacopter a winner for anyone looking for a camera drone, though video pros will still prefer the 3DR Solo. $1,279.00 Amazon About the author Richard Baguley @rbaguley Read more Drones Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the Drones & Robots forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish This thread is closed for comments No comments yet Your comment Also for under-100 Editor's choice UDI U818A 9/10 Superior $89.90 Amazon Editor's choice UDI U818A Drone 9/10 Superior $89.90 Amazon Editor's choice Yuneec Typhoon H Drone 9/10 Superior $1,279.00 Amazon The Latest On Tom’s Guide News 4 hr Galaxy S8 May Surpass iPhone with This Killer Feature News 6 hr Asus ZenPhone AR Leaked: Second Tango Phone Does VR, To... Best Picks 6 hr Best Smart Scales of 2017 News 9 hr CES 2017 Preview: 7 Tech Trends We're Excited About Round-Up 9 hr Best Calendar Apps How-To 10 hr Android Guide: Tips, Tricks and How-Tos for Nougat and... News 10 hr TrackR Pixel Will Help You Find Anything for $25 News 11 hr Samsung Launches Three New Galaxy A Phones Best Picks 12 hr Best Fitness Trackers 2017 Best Picks 12 hr Best Smartwatches 2017 Best Picks 13 hr Best Phones of 2017 Opinion 15 hr How Kids Can Navigate YouTube Safely Get our newsletter About Tom’s Guide About Us Contact Us More Sites Tom's Hardware Laptop Mag Follow Us Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Purch Privacy Policy Advertising U.S. Edition French Edition © 2017 Purch All Rights Reserved.
Dienstag, 03.01.2017 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»eXalt Solutions Announces Cloud-Based Knowledge Work-as-a Service Platform / New Platform Helps Companies Digitally Transform Themselves With Knowledge Work Automation - One of Today's Fastest Growing Disruptive Trends 25.08.2016 | 20:55 (5 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Marketwired·Mehr Nachrichten von Marketwired eXalt Solutions Announces Cloud-Based Knowledge Work-as-a Service Platform / New Platform Helps Companies Digitally Transform Themselves With Knowledge Work Automation - One of Today's Fastest Growing Disruptive Trends BOSTON, MA -- (Marketwired) -- 08/25/16 -- eXalt Solutions, Inc., a leading provider of cloud-based digital transformation services for B2B enterprises, today announced the commercial availability of their Knowledge Work-as-a Service (KWaaS) platform. The company is coming out of a controlled release of KWaaS with several long standing customers including Intel and holds many patents in this space. eXalt's KWaaS platform generates rules driven digital workers to bridge the many knowledge gaps that stall the B2B sales process, making processes digital end-to-end without human touch, and providing a competitive advantage in the marketplace. "Our vision is to offer digital workers to complement human workers for the front to back B2B sales process. Any B2B Vendor, Distributor or Reseller in single or multi-tier channel sales can scale their output to be many times their peers by leveraging KWaaS to create digital workers." said Leslie Swanson, President and Chief Executive Officer, eXalt Solutions. "Traditional B2B enterprises will not be able to keep up with competitors, large and small, who leverage digital workers. First movers are successfully leveraging digital workers in front office sales to advise buyers and back office operations to gain agility in administrative tasks. Ignoring digital workers as a growth strategy is a dangerous choice in today's accelerated digital economy." A recent report* by McKinsey& Company estimates that by 2025 the automation of knowledge work will have an economic impact of between $5-7 trillion, and will impact 230+ million knowledge workers globally. eXalt has found that as much as 50-70% of the knowledge work in the B2B sales process alone is rules-based and repetitive and can be addressed with digital workers. "Digital labor is rapidly becoming indispensable to companies wanting to stay competitive in the marketplace," said Stephen Hendrick, Principal Analyst at Enterprise Strategy Group. "It enables companies to scale more rapidly and to produce more with their existing employee base. eXalt's Knowledge Work-as-a Service (KWaaS) offering is wildly unique, as it takes digital transformation throughout the entire organization." Knowledge Work Automation Better Together Philosophy eXalt's philosophy is 'Better Together' where human and digital workers produce more at a higher level of quality as a team -- giving their customers unlimited scale. eXalt is the only company to weave an end-to-end fabric of Digital Threads from Sales through Delivery where Digital Workers take over the rules-based repetitive tasks, bringing companies closer to customers, freeing up their best people to do high value work, and enabling significant cost savings overall. In the past automation was seen as a 'tool' used by human labor but now Digital Workers are independent co-workers and a necessity for every team in the future. Digital transformation can be a daunting task for companies who are often siloed, who lack expertise or resources, or who mistakenly think digital transformation is yet another IT project. eXalt addresses these issues by making it easy. Because eXalt's KWaaS platform is a service, implementation it can be completed in weeks without a major outsourcing or IT project. Marketing, eCommerce or operational executives can specify business rules changes that eXalt loads into its cloud platform without any software or IT involvement. Industry Trends Moving Rapidly Toward eXalt's Knowledge Work Automation The traditional B2B sales process is notoriously slow and has many knowledge gaps that are bridged by high touch manual labor across a vast partner ecosystem. Recent trends are making it difficult for companies to rely on traditional phone sales or simple Catalog Web sites: 1) Social Change: Talking to a sales rep is annoying, slow and error prone. Buyers want modern digital self service. 2) Technical Change: Technology is better than humans in weaving together solutions from thousands of vendors with 1,000-100,000's skus each undergoing constant change.. 3) Economic Change: Margins have been shrinking and require lower touch process 4) Process Change: Sales reps not contacted until buyers are 2/3rd of the way though the decision process. 5) Expectations Changing for Agility: B2B buyers need information from both the reseller's back-office and an entire partner ecosystem of distributors, vendors and integrators. Buyers demand agility and expect this information to be retrieved, aggregated and presented almost instantaneously without human delay. eXalt's KWaaS platform offers three types of Digital Workers to scale the B2B sales process: : Digital Advisors - Help buyers access smarter ways to shop and solve their problems Digital Administrators - Make businesses more connected to themselves and each other resulting in agility Digital Analysts - Offer businesses improved visibility and anticipate and act on change Companies gain unprecedented customer intimacy through advanced self-service and ecommerce offerings, and they immediately reduce operational costs and delays, while gaining visibility for the necessary process refinements that help them work smarter. "eXalt is a leader in building Solutions Sales Portals with advanced rules engines powering the world's largest technology channel sites," Swanson added. "In developing ecommerce portals for Vendors, Distributors and Resellers, we were helping them begin to digitally transform their enterprises before digital transformation was even a concept. Increasing scale and velocity has been our core business for 15 Years. Digital Transformation is a natural next step in our company's growth and success." In the last year eXalt Solutions re-architected its platform to specifically address Knowledge Work Automation in the enterprise and launched a new website (www.exaltsolutions.com) that better reflects their new growth strategy for Digital Transformation. eXalt's affordable pricing plans are charged by the transaction for smaller organizations and offer an unlimited plan for large enterprises. * Disruptive technologies: Advances that will transform life, business, and the global economy, McKinsey & Co., May 2013 About eXalt Solutions, Inc. Our mission is to make business digital first by making processes digital end-to-end without human touch enabling companies to sell more, more profitably. Our patented Knowledge Work as a Service (KWaaS) cloud platform scales out the B2B enterprise with three types of digital workers: Digital Advisors help buyers access smarter ways to shop and solve their problems, Digital Administrators make businesses more connected to themselves and each other resulting in agility and Digital Analysts that offer business improved visibility, and can anticipate and act on change. eXalt's philosophy is Better Together where humans and digital labor produce more at a higher level of quality as a team - giving our customers unlimited scale. Visit: www.exaltsolutions.com. Contact: Cathy Clarke eXalt Solutions 508-833-8533 cclarke@exaltsolutions.com © 2016 Marketwired Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Intel announces six new 3D NAND SSDs 0 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Aug 25, 2016 at 17:00 GMT4 months ago Intel today announced six new 3D NAND SSDs targeting consumer, business, Internet of Things and data center applications. These 3D NAND SSDs offer a cost-effective replacement for traditional hard disk drives to improve the performance of apps and services across segments, and also reduce IT costs. Check out the list of new SSDs below, Personal use: Intel® SSD 600p Series Business client: Intel® SSD Pro 6000p Series Data center: Intel® SSD DC P3520 and DC S3520 Series Embedded: Intel® SSD E 6000p and E 5420s Series The Intel 3D NAND SSD family of products are uniquely designed for a broad set of applications and Intel claims that these SSDs deliver more through a combination of performance, Intel quality and reliability, and power efficiency to optimize your experience across a variety of computing devices. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related 3D NAND solid state drives 3D NAND SSD hardware intel SSD storage Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan 0 Trending Leaked slide suggests Samsung’s Galaxy S8 Android phone may come with a Continuum-like desktop solution by Surur 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast 2016’s Microsoft Moments by Andrew Bennett on December 30, 2016 Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett are back again for the last episode of 2016! This week both Vernon and Andrew look at some of their favorite Microsoft moments from the past year. You c... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Specs of Qualcomm’s first ARM processor capable of running Windows 10 leaked by Sean Chan on January 2, 2017 Qualcomm is set to launch its next-gen Snapdragon processor at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The company’s upcoming Snapdragon processor, the Snapdragon 835 will be its f... Majority of Steam users finally on Windows 10 by Surur It’s taken a while, but Windows 10 users finally outnumber the number of Steam users on other computing users on the gaming platform. In the latest Steam Hardware Survey report for Ja... Exclusive: Windows 10 Creators Update set to be released on April 2017 by Mehedi Hassan Last October at the Windows 10 event in New York City, Microsoft officially unveiled the Windows 10 Creators Update, codenamed “Redstone 2.” At the event, Microsoft stated that the updat... Dell finally introduces a convertible XPS 13 by Mehedi Hassan Dell’s recent XPS devices are definitely one of the prettiest laptops you can get right now. The company’s Edge-to-Edge displays are simply beautiful looking, but there’s b... Dell’s new convertible XPS 13 leaks ahead of CES 2017 by Mehedi Hassan The Consumer Electronics Show starts tomorrow in Las Vegas. CES is where most new Windows devices were revealed in the past several years, and this year it probably won’t be any differ... Deals Deals Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Microsoft cuts $300 from most Surface Pro 4 models till 31st December, Core i5 m... If you have any pennies left over from Christmas for the New Year’s sales Microsoft is happy to help relieve your wallet of that burden. The company is now offering up to $300 off most... Deal Alert: Save £60 on the Sandisk Ultra 256 GB microSD card, only 7 hours lef... A microSD card is a quick and easy way to add storage to your phone or PC, and if your PC has a SD card slot, with the right adapter is the perfect way to add back-up and versioning to your ... Deal: Get $100 discount on HTC VIVE VR System, plus free $100 gift code and two ... You can now get the HTC VIVE VR system for $699 ($100 discount) from Microsoft Store in the US. Along with the discount, you can also get free $100 Microsoft Store gift card and two free gam... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for £699 Argos UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core m3, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this devic... Deal: Get the recently released ‘Final Fantasy XV’ on Xbox One for o... Online retailer Amazon has been offering tons of deals this holiday season in an effort to help you with your gift giving, and one of the retailer’s ongoing perks, the Gold Box’ ... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 29,3K 78,3K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: Kodi 17.0 bèta 1 Door Japke Rosink, donderdag 25 augustus 2016 12:05, 35 reacties • Feedback Bron: Kodi, submitter: -Z- De eerste bètaversie van Kodi 17.0 is eerder deze week beschikbaar gemaakt zoals je ook al in de nieuws-hoek kon lezen. Deze crossplatform-mediacentersoftware wordt ontwikkeld voor Windows, OS X, Linux, Android en iOS. In versie 17.0 is de mogelijkheid voor het afspelen van 10bit- en hevc-materiaal toegevoegd, in combinatie met gpu's van Intel of Nvidia die daar ondersteuning voor bieden. Ook de standaard-skin is gewijzigd naar Estuary en voor apparaten met een aanraakscherm is dat Estouchy geworden. Volgens de ontwikkelaars zijn de verschillen tussen de eerste bètaversie en de derde alfa klein, het zou met name gaan om kleine oplossingen en onderhuidse verbeteringen. De aankondiging van deze uitgave ziet er als volgt uit: Kodi v17 “Krypton” Beta 1 We are excited to announce the first beta of Kodi 17, codenamed Krypton. Kodi 17 features a huge amount of work in areas like video playback, live TV and PVR/DVR, the music library, skinning and more. It features a new default skin, as well as a new default touchscreen skinned, named Estuary and Estouchy, respectively. The changes between Alpha 3 and Beta 1 are mainly limited to minor fixes and under the hood improvements, so for this first beta, we’ll instead take some time to review a few of the really visible changes in Kodi 17. Estuary and Estouchy Without question, the biggest visual change from Kodi 16 to 17 is the new default skin Estuary. This skin pulls a dramatic amount of content to the homescreen, including much from your music and video libraries, commonly used add-ons, and links to adding new video/music sources and installing new add-ons. It also enables color and theme changes within the skin, and overall pulls Kodi into the present day of UI design. For a full review of Estuary (and its touchscreen counterpart Estouchy), see the Estuary blogpost. It should be noted that this is only the default skin. You are, of course, welcome to continue using whatever skin you might prefer, including the previous default skin Confluence. A Cleaner, Clearer Settings Section The Kodi settings area has always seemed to require some sort of advanced degree (or a similar amount of related experience) to navigate effectively. With that in mind, we have spent the better part of a year cleaning up and reorganizing Settings with the ultimate goal of making the section, if not friendly, then at least clearer for new and journeymen Kodi users. We’ve also made it possible to point Kodi to new media sources from the settings menu, a requested feature for many years. An Improved Music Library Many would argue that the Kodi music library has not seen the same degree of development and support as the video library over the past few years. With Kodi 17, that has changed. The improved music library now supports better tag reading and scraping, better handling of albums and artists with the addition of adding artist role (such as composer, conductor, DJ, etc.). Additionally, certain files and websites support musical “mood,” which means you can now select your music based on mood, rather than artist or genre. Live TV and PVR/DVR Improvements For a full list, see the Kodi Alpha 3 write-up, but the Live TV and PVR/DVR component of Kodi has seen just as much improvement with Krypton as the music library. Channels can now be organized by last played, so if you really only watch 5 or 6 of your 300 channels, those can always be at the top of the list. Timers and Timer Rules are now clearer and better organized and timers are much smarter now. For example, if you set a Timer to record one episode of a show, you can transform it so that it records an entire series. And that’s really only the cream on top. Check the alpha 3 blogpost for more. Finally, only the channels you actually watch need be listed at the top. VideoPlayer While the average user might not notice this massive under-the-hood improvement, we feel remiss in not mentioning it. The switch from Kodi’s old DVDPlayer to the new, modern VideoPlayer may be one of the most massive re-writes in Kodi’s long history. A longer, and more detailed discussion of the changes in VideoPlayer may be found in the Alpha 2 write-up, but the important take-away is that this rewrite likely won’t affect users much right now, but should vastly improve the Kodi experience over the next few years. With that said, there are some improvements you may see right away. In particular, DVD playback finally has hardware acceleration. A/V syncing has improved. Video streams can now be selected, just like different language audio streams or subtitles, useful for things like concert DVDs, where you can now select the various different camera angles, but perhaps more importantly useful for switching between different bitrates in Youtube and other online streaming sources using the DASH protocol. At present, the Youtube add-on in the Kodi repo has not yet been updated to handle this new support, but we hope to see that update in the near future. Conclusion As previously noted, this is only a small summary of all the improvements in Kodi 17. For more, see the Alpha 2 and Alpha 3 posts. Should you want to download and install this build please visit our download page. You can install these build just on top of your current Kodi installation. Please report any problems on our forum http://forum.kodi.tv and not on the release announcement. Don’t forget we also have some official tablet/phone remote controls for both Android and iOS. You can find the links to them on the download page. Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Design en multimedia Nextcloud 10.0.0 DrayTek Vigor2960 1.2.1 Gerelateerde producten Kodi geen prijs bekend Versienummer: 17.0 bèta 1 Releasestatus: Beta Besturingssystemen: Windows 7, Android, Linux, macOS, Windows Vista, Windows 8, Windows 10 Website: Kodi Download: https://kodi.tv/download Licentietype: GPL Updategeschiedenis 30-12 Kodi 17.0 RC 1 19-12 Kodi 17.0 bèta 7 01-12 Kodi 17.0 bèta 6 29-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 5 25-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 4 05-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 3 20-09 Kodi 17.0 bèta 2 25-08 Kodi 17.0 bèta 1 05-07 Kodi 17.0 'Krypton' Alpha 2 24-04 Kodi 16.1 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (35) -135035+132+22+30Ongemodereerd1 +1 tombruneel 25 augustus 2016 12:35 fantastische software, enig minpuntje imho is het onthouden van afspeelpunten over verschillende clients heen... Zou iets simpeler kunnen +2 Elect @tombruneel • 25 augustus 2016 12:48 Ik ben eigenlijk juist te spreken over de mogelijkheid om een MySQL DB te kunnen delen tussen verschillende clients om de libraries te delen en een video te resumen op een andere client (om te verkassen van de woonkamer naar de slaapkamer bijvoorbeeld ) http://kodi.wiki/view/MyS..._and_advancedsettings.xml Simpeler kan misschien wel, maar ik denk dat de meeste gebruikers van Kodi die zoiets wensen toch redelijke fanatics zijn. [Reactie gewijzigd door Elect op 25 augustus 2016 12:51] +1 tombruneel @Elect • 25 augustus 2016 12:51 Ik gebruik dit ook zo nu, maar zou iets handiger kunnen, binnenin de UI bvb +1 Elect @tombruneel • 25 augustus 2016 12:52 True. Advancedsettings.xml zou eigenlijk overbodig moeten zijn. +1 robieNL @Elect • 25 augustus 2016 13:14 Ben ik het helemaal mee eens. Dat vind ik ook het mooie aan OSMC (een distro van Kodi). Deze heeft voor de meeste zaken in de advancedsettings.xml een UI +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @robieNL • 25 augustus 2016 13:50 Zoals zo vaak... "PR's are welcome". MySQL wordt al vanaf XBMC Dharma onderteunt, maar een UI met settings is nog altijd geen topprioriteit. Als mensen zich hiervoor willen inzetten, zijn ze zeer welkom. Zie http://kodi.wiki/view/Development +1 sirotilc @Elect • 25 augustus 2016 14:51 Ik gebruik hiervoor de plugin WatchedList, welke een bestandje op mn NAS wegschrijft. Het houdt geen tijden bij van een half bekeken video, maar wel wat je wel en niet hebt gezien. Tijdens het updaten van de library leest hij dat bestandje in en voert de wijzigingen door. Goed genoeg imo en binnen de UI [Reactie gewijzigd door sirotilc op 25 augustus 2016 14:52] +1 Raven__NL @sirotilc • 25 augustus 2016 16:49 Gebruik dan de addon van trakt.tv. Alles synced naar de website wat ook weer op andere clients gebruikt kan worden. Tevens houdt de site leuke statistieken bij +1 f.welvering @Elect • 25 augustus 2016 15:16 Een mooi alternatief hierop is wellicht Emby : http://emby.media/ Gebruik dit zelf al een periode als media beheer tool, deze geeft ook op een goed werkende manier de watched states door. +2 Jazco2nd Design en multimedia Kodi @tombruneel • 25 augustus 2016 14:20 Maar dat kan ook gewoon prima binnen de UI zonder met externe databases te gaan rommelen. RPI3 in de woonkamer, Via Settings > Services (uit mijn hoofd) > UPNP library sharing enabled. RPI1 in de slaapkamer, via Video > Add Source .. > kies UPNP en voila, daar staat een library, daar kan je nog doorheen klikken. Ik heb bijv TV Shows>Titles toegevoegd als 1 source en Movies>Titles als nog een source. Nu kan ik gewoon mijn library zien, compleet met fanart en (indien aanwezig) subtitles! En inderdaad, als ik iets afspeel in de woonkamer kan ik gewoon op stop drukken, in de slaapkamer start de video precies waar ik gebleven was. Dodelijk simpel. Werkt ook met Kodi op mn telefoon trouwens. Ik zou het ook echt zeker niet anders willen zoals Nosmo King beschrijft. Ik heb minimale hardware: 1 RPI3 met daarop 1 HDD aangesloten doet echt alles, verder heb ik niks anders nodig. Met SyncThing worden fotoalbums automatisch naar het adres van mijn ouders gebackupped. Ook als ik de schijf loskoppel om mee te nemen of wat snel te kopieren gaat dat perfect. [Reactie gewijzigd door Jazco2nd op 25 augustus 2016 14:22] +1 tombruneel @Jazco2nd • 25 augustus 2016 14:25 Dan moet je pi wel altijd aan staan natuurlijk :-) Heb een server op zolder en een server in colocatie ... Die op zolder gebruik ik nu als sql db om dit te bewerkstelligen en dat werkt, geen problemen mee... Zou gewoon handiger zijn bij initiele installatie mocht je dan niet moeten prullen met de xml file. Tevens de versie 'onafhankelijkheid' zou wel leuk zijn. +1 Jazco2nd Design en multimedia Kodi @tombruneel • 25 augustus 2016 16:03 ? Je zal toch 1 apparaat, hoe je het ook wil noemen een server of een NAS altijd aan moeten hebben staan voor wat jij wil? Een Pi heeft geen uit knop en verbruikt max 1.5-2 watt.. Dat haalt geen enkele server/nas Ik heb dit gewoon met mijn TV remote ingesteld, paar vinkjes en het werkt. +1 nosmo king @tombruneel • 25 augustus 2016 13:51 Helemaal mee eens. Het zou mooier zijn als ze de speler en de library functionaliteit lostrekken. Library installeer je dan op je NAS en de speler op een device bij je TV. Je kan dit wel realiseren met Plex of Emby, maar dit integreert toch weer niet voor 100% perfect. Iets wat niet kan met de MySQL DB optie, is het hebben van meerdere profielen. Je moet dan ook meerdere database instanties gaan aanmaken. Vind ik toch iets wat overkill. +1 densoN 25 augustus 2016 12:46 Kun je deze update ook aanroepen via een ssh command voor distro's als openELEC en LibreELEC? +1 wars @densoN • 25 augustus 2016 12:57 deze updaten zich automatisch als je de alpha hebt draaien (voor LibreElec toch, OpenElec zit nog op Kodi 16 beta...) En anders even de files (uit de .tar) in de update map zwieren en rebooten +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @wars • 25 augustus 2016 13:41 LibreELEC ondersteunt al een tijdje het direct updaten mbv .img.gz en .tar bestanden in de Update folder. +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @densoN • 25 augustus 2016 12:54 Als je met wget overweg kunt, en het updatebestand in de Update folder plaatst en je box reboot, dan zou het moeten lukken. LibreELEC kent geen sudo apt-get update of welke andere packagemanager dan ook, want het is een plain-vanilla Linuxsysteem en geen Debian- of Ubuntukloon. EDIT: OE geeft trouwens op Github weer een teken van leven, maar LibreELEC zal vanaf a.s. vrijdag aan nieuwe builds met Kodi v17b1 werken. [Reactie gewijzigd door Klojum op 25 augustus 2016 13:26] +1 Mecallie 25 augustus 2016 12:43 Ben benieuwd. Vooral naar de nieuwe default skin. Tot nu toe kwam ik altijd weer terug bij Confluence omdat ik die gewoon het prettigst vind werken. Ik hoop eigenlijk dat er ook wat meer "legale" online content beschikbaar komt in KODI. Zo zou ik graag Netflix/Hulu en (nog mooier) Horizon Go in KODI zelf willen gebruiken. Ik vind de interface super en ook de toegang tot mijn lokale content. Maar het zou mooi zijn als je zonder allerlei hacks en omwegen wat meer online content kon krijgen. Ik snap dat Netflix en Ziggo (Horizon Go van Liberty Global) de rechten moeten beschermen, maar dat moet toch prima kunnen? Als ik iets in een browser kan weergeven, waarom dan niet de optie bieden het ook in een mediacenter weer te geven. Lijkt me echt heerlijk, 1 eco systeem op je tv. Kan de reguliere kabel meteen de deur uit. Doet niets af aan KODI zelf verder: top product! +1 The Zep Man @Mecallie • 25 augustus 2016 13:09 Als ik iets in een browser kan weergeven, waarom dan niet de optie bieden het ook in een mediacenter weer te geven.Omdat browsers tegenwoordig ondersteuning hebben voor DRM, en Kodi dat niet heeft. Sowieso is het gebruik van DRM onzinnig. Kopiëren kan en doet men toch wel als men dat wil. Betalende klanten zijn de dupe, want die kunnen niet hun eigen gekozen apparatuur gebruiken om content af te spelen (tenzij ze het illegaal downloaden). 0 Mecallie @The Zep Man • 25 augustus 2016 14:21 Ik ben het volledig met je eens, maar dat doet niets af aan het feit dat ik wel gewoon simpel Netflix of Hulu of Horizon Go, of ... zou willen kunnen zien op KODI. Het hele drm gebeuren is gewoon in beginsel al stompzinnig. Als niet wilt dat iets wordt verspreid moet je het niet uitbrengen. Weggegooid geld. +1 lieziewiezie @Mecallie • 25 augustus 2016 13:09 tvaddons heeft een netflix add-on voor kodi. maar ik heb onvoldoende vertrouwen in niet-officiele addons om mijn netflix login daarop in te vullen. dus ik kan niet zeggen of hij goed werkt. +1 Mr Eekii 25 augustus 2016 13:03 die default skin ziet er goed uit zelf altijd aeon mq draaien maar misschien tijd om te switchen zeker in combinatie met mpc hc + madvr een aanrader +1 goarilla @Mr Eekii • 25 augustus 2016 13:24 Is wel te zwaar voor op een Raspberry Pi. Ik gebruik zelf Arctic Zephyr maar daar moet men ook wat geduld hebben. +1 markwingens @goarilla • 25 augustus 2016 14:59 Arctic vond ik zelf ook erg zwaar, de nieuwe heb ik draaien via LibreElec en draait als een zonnetje op een Raspberry PI 2 +1 Jazco2nd Design en multimedia Kodi @goarilla • 25 augustus 2016 16:05 Eminence (2.0) draait als een zonnetje op de RPi2. Ook een erg mooie skin! +1 Bart_Smith 25 augustus 2016 13:19 Herlijke software voor op mijn Nvidia Shield TV. en met de komst van versie 17 is het met Kodi nu ook mogelijk om op de Shield TV DTS-HS en Atmos te draaien. +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @Bart_Smith • 25 augustus 2016 13:44 Ik vind SPMC minstens zo goed draaien op de Shield TV. SPMC wordt door 'koying' ontwikkeld, de vroegere Android-developer bij Kodi die nu zelfstandig aan z'n Kodi-variant werkt. +1 Bart_Smith @Klojum • 25 augustus 2016 23:13 Klopt , ik draai het op het moment ook, tot Kodi released is. Kodi heeft toch wat meer support van addons, welke ik bij SPMC nog wel eens mis ( themes ) +1 s0kkie 25 augustus 2016 13:27 Jammer dat sommige repositories nog niet werken, ik krijg Exodus niet geïnstalleerd +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @s0kkie • 25 augustus 2016 13:46 Tuurlijk, want da's het eerste dat geinstalleerd moet worden: de illegale streams. De meeste addon-developers zijn lui, en gaan pas na een stabiele versie aan het werk om hun eigen spul op orde te krijgen. 0 s0kkie @Klojum • 25 augustus 2016 13:52 Ook al is het illegaal en Kodi niet alleen daar voor bedoelt is wordt het 9 van de 10 keer daar toch voor gebruikt +1 Yarisken @s0kkie • 25 augustus 2016 14:07 Niet persé. Er zijn genoeg legale add-ons. Zelf heb ik ook dumpert, tweaker, earthcam etc... in gebruik. Voor eigen content af te spelen is het ook een killer videoplayer. +1 mr.DJ95 25 augustus 2016 12:30 Ontzettend waardevol product, draai het al jaren naar volledige tevredenheid. Zeker als je je weg weet in de duizenden addons kan je het ook nog eens inrichten zoals jij wilt. +1 NiteFly 25 augustus 2016 20:28 Die nieuwe skin ziet er goed! Ik gebruik al jaren Metropolis in plaats van de default skin, maar ga zo te zien eindelijk een keer switchen 0 niomar 31 augustus 2016 17:20 Ik wil mijn videos dir delen over het internet zodat familie in buitenland kan kijken via kodi iemand ervaring mee ? zonder vpn natuurlijk. Op dit item kan niet meer gereageerd worden. Nextcloud 10.0.0 DrayTek Vigor2960 1.2.1 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch_Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2017 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 4   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments more from #Cybersecurity Cyber security in India to face increased threats post demonetisation: Former Nasscom chairman Netflix's US account gets hacked by popular hacker group OurMine The tech chief of Obama's presidential campaign had warned of election hacks in 2013 Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Cybersecurity firms like CrowdStrike rejoining industry cooperative #Cybersecurity Image Credit: REUTERS 0   25 Aug 2016 , 12:53 Some cybersecurity companies that were shut out of the leading system for sharing data on malicious software are revealing more about how their own systems work in hopes of rejoining the cooperative effort, a shift that should improve protections for customers throughout the industry. CrowdStrike, one of the most prominent young security companies threatened with exclusion from some shared services, said it has integrated part of its system for detecting malicious software with VirusTotal, the main industry repository for disclosing and rating risks of malware and suspect files. Alphabet Inc’s Google runs the VirusTotal database so security professionals can share new examples of suspected malicious software and opinions on the danger they pose. In May, the 12-year-old service said it would cut off unlimited ratings access to companies that do not share their own evaluations of submitted samples. CrowdStrike is opening up a machine-learning process for malware evaluation, after discussions with VirusTotal on how to make the systems compatible. “It will be very helpful to have the engine out so people can see for themselves how well it is working,” CrowdStrike Chief Technology Officer Dmitri Alperovitch told Reuters ahead of a public announcement on Thursday. VirusTotal did not respond to a request for comment. People familiar with the situation told Reuters said that two other “next-generation” security companies are expected to integrate with VirusTotal by the end of next month. More are likely, the people said, a hopeful sign that a serious rift between older and newer security companies can be healed in service of the general good. Some newer companies disparage the way that older vendors such as Symantec Corp, Intel Corp and Trend Micro Inc recognize malware based on signatures, or characteristics that have been spotted before. The younger companies say they use behavioral monitoring, machine-learning and other modern techniques to stop fast-changing malware. Symantec, Intel, Trend Micro and other older companies say they also use similar new methods. But some of the younger companies still used VirusTotal’s assessments from old-line companies, without contributing their own evaluations. The dispute was partly based in technological compatibility with VirusTotal’s system, an issue CrowdStrike said it and VirusTotal had solved. Dennis Batchelder, general manager of cybersecurity industry group called the Anti-Malware Testing Standards Organization, predicted that more new companies would re-integrate with VirusTotal. Machine learning systems would benefit from access to the VirusTotal database, he said. But some of the companies who parted with the VirusTotal ratings said they had no plans to make up. “We did make attempts early on to engage with VirusTotal with the hopes that they would find a way to take advantage of our behavior-based detection model,” said SentinelOne Chief Marketing Officer Scott Gainey. “To our knowledge, those interfaces still do not exist today.”  And Stuart McClure, chief executive of Cylance Inc, pointed out that his company and others can still get samples of malicious software from VirusTotal, just not the opinions of other companies about those samples. “We don’t integrate with VirusTotal,” McClure said by email. “The VirusTotal pullout has not impacted us at all.” Reuters Tags: CrowdStrike, cybersecurity, Google, Intel, Malware, Security, Symantec, Trend Micro, Virus, VirusTotal atabas, Web Also read Cybersecurity: A boardroom mainstay How Security as a Service is changing cybersecurity X Recommended For You Cyber security in India to face increased threats post demonetisation: Former Nasscom chairman Netflix’s US account gets hacked by popular hacker group OurMine The tech chief of Obama’s presidential campaign had warned of election hacks in 2013 Synaptics has announced optical fingerprint sensors for Smartphones Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Servers   /   IBM Takes Aim at Intel With Upcoming Power9 Chips       IBM Takes Aim at Intel With Upcoming Power9 Chips     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-08-24 Print               At the Hot Chips show, IBM engineers outline assets of the new Power architecture, from providing up to 24 CPU cores to multiple ports for accelerators. IBM officials want to remind businesses that Intel's x86 processors aren't the only server chips on the market. Company engineers were at the Hot Chips 2016 show in Cupertino, Calif., this week to talk about Big Blue's upcoming Power9 processors, which are scheduled to hit the market next year and promise a broad range of capabilities that will make the architecture attractive for an array of workloads, from hyperscale data centers to machine learning and artificial intelligence (AI). They reiterated many of the key assets of Power9, from its new architecture that will offer up to 24 processing cores and its ability to run with a wide array of accelerators like GPUs, field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) and application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) for faster performance to embracing such technologies as Nvidia's NVLink 2.0 and PCI Express 4.0. It's a cornerstone of IBM's larger effort to carve into Intel's dominant share of the server chip market, where more than 90 percent of all systems run on x86 chips from Intel. Big Blue is one of a number of chip players—including Advanced Micro Devices and its upcoming Zen chips and ARM with its push into the high-performance computing (HPC) space and supercomputers—that see changes in workload and processing demands in data centers as an opportunity to grab some share away from Intel. It reportedly was the message at Hot Chips, which came a week after IBM officials were in San Francisco outside of where Intel was hosting its annual Intel Developer Forum (IDF) to talk about Power9 and the OpenPower Foundation. "We want people to know there is an alternative to x86 chips and that alternative can bring a lot of performance with it," Dylan Boday, IBM Power engineer, told eWEEK last week standing outside of the Moscone Center, home to IDF. "At the end of the day, most people want choice, but they also want to see advantages to that choice." IBM traditionally had developed Power chips to run only in its Power servers. However, the company three years ago—with such partners as Nvidia and Google—launched the OpenPower Foundation, enabling third parties to license the architecture to create their own Power-based systems. It was part of a larger effort to embrace open technologies—such as Linux, OpenStack and the Open Compute Project (OCP)—for its Power architecture. The work is paying off, according to IBM officials. At the first OpenPower Summit last year, the group had about 130 members. That has since grown to more than 200. At the same time, there are more than 2,300 applications that run on Linux on Power, they said. In addition, there are projects underway with both Power8 and Power9. Google and Rackspace in April announced a project called "Zaius," in which they are working on a dual-socket OpenPower-based server design powered by Power9 and that will include OpenCAPI and Nvidia's NVLink connectivity, DDR4 memory and the CAPI acceleration technology. The companies hope to contribute the design to the Facebook-led OCP. IBM also is working with Nvidia and original design manufacturer (ODM) Wistron to build a next-generation Power8 system for HPC environments. Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST SERVERS ARTICLES   Compuware Buys Mainframe DevOps Provider Standardware Microsoft Plans to Build a Quantum Computer Cray, SGI Awarded $52 Million in Federal Supercomputer Contracts IBM, OpenPower Foundation Make Push into Europe GPU's Role in Artificial Intelligence Advances Featured at Conference                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
About Us Contact Us RSS Feeds | Twitter Facebook Google Events & Reports Calendar Forex Commodities Indices Stocks Bitcoin Central Banks Trade Ideas Events & Reports Calendar Forex Commodities Indices Stocks Bitcoin Central Banks Trade Ideas Events & Reports Calendar Forex Commodities Indices Stocks Bitcoin Central Banks Trade Ideas Sam Bourgi Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn DJIA Today: Dow Futures Reverse 100-Point Gain, Settle at 3-Week Lows August 26, 2016 22:40 GMT Dow industrials fell to fresh three-week lows Friday, as investors reacted to hawkish comments made by Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen and Vice Chair Stanley Fischer. Dow Futures closed down 70 points at 18,378.00. The main price-weighted Dow Jones Industrial Average declined 53.01 points or 0.3% to 18,395.40, its lowest settlement since August 4. It was the index’s third consecutive decline. For the week, the Dow closed off nearly 1%. The short-term momentum indicators suggest more selling pressure is on the way. Telecommunications blue chip Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) was the biggest industry laggard on Friday, closing down 1.3%. Shares of hamburger chain McDonald’s Corp (NYSE: MCD) closed off 0.9%. Chemical manufacturer DuPont (NYSE: DD), beverage maker Coca-Cola Co (NYSE: KO) and and retailer Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) each declined 0.8%. Meanwhile, shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Chevron Corp (NYSE: CVX) and Boeing (NYSE: BA) each fell at least 0.6%. Only nine Dow components reported gains Friday. Gains were led by Merck & Co Inc. (NYSE: MRK), Intel Corp (NASDAQ: INTC), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and Visa Inc. (NYSE: V). The Dow was up more than 100 points through the early morning, as traders shrugged off Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen’s remarks that the case for raising interest rates has strengthened “in recent months.” The markets recoiled after Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer told CNBC that rates could rise as soon as next month. In Fischer’s view, the upcoming jobs report could play a decisive role in the central bank’s decision. August nonfarm payrolls are due out September 2. The Federal Open Market Committee’s next policy meeting is scheduled September 20-21. Stocks ended mostly lower Friday. The S&P 500 Index declined 3.43 points or 0.2% to close at 2,169.04. The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index broke higher in the late afternoon, rising 6.71 points or 0.1% to close at 5,218.92. European markets caught the tailwind of Wall Street’s initial optimism to close higher on Friday. The pan-European Stoxx 600 closed up 0.6%. The UK’s FTSE 100 advanced 0.3% and Germany’s DAX added 0.6%. Asian markets ended mostly lower. Japan’s Nikkei 225 settled down 1.2%. In China, the CSI 300 Index declined 0.1%.   In economic data, the US economy expanded slower than initially expected in the second quarter. Gross domestic product grew at an annualized 1.1% pace in the April-June period, down from a prior estimate of 1.2%, the Commerce Department said Friday. Despite the downward revision, consumer spending surged 4.4% compared to a year ago, up from the original estimate of a 4.2% increase. Purchases of durable goods rose 9.9%, while exports also made a positive contribution to economic growth. EconomicCalendar.com provides the latest economic news and financial events that move the market. You may also like U.S. Dollar Index (DXY): Rebounding in Today’s Trading January 2, 2017 13:45 GMT PMI Data Will Show Currency Pressures – US Dollar Policy in Focus January 2, 2017 13:34 GMT Hormel Foods Corporation (HRL): The Undervalued Company Is Set to Generate Solid Returns in FY2017 January 2, 2017 11:17 GMT Freeport-McMoRan (FCX) Will Extend Its Rally in FY2017 January 2, 2017 11:08 GMT About the author View All Posts Sam Bourgi Sam Bourgi is a financial market analyst for economiccalendar.com. He has more than six years of progressive experience in economic and financial analysis, research consulting and sectoral analysis. As a published author in government, peer-reviewed, online and industry sources, he has developed a fundamental approach to the financial markets with a broad focus on stock indices, commodities and the technology sector. He earned his Bachelor’s Degree from the University of Windsor and Master’s degree from McMaster University. S&P 500 Futures Decline as Rate-Hike Bets Rattle Wall Street Nasdaq Index Barely Closes Up for 9th Week in Row as Investors React to Yellen Share This! Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest LinkedIn Indices Name Price($) Comment Change($) Change % S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% NASDAQ 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% NYSE 11,057 -17.43 -0.16% FTSE 100 7,142.83 +22.57 +0.32% DAX 11,598.33 +117.27 +1.02% CAC 40 4,882.38 +20.07 +0.41% EURONEXT 100 938.97 +5.08 +0.54% Nikkei 225 19,114.37 -30.77 -0.16% HANG SENG INDEX 21,927.16 -73.40 -0.33% Commodities Name Price($) Change($) Change % Comment Light Sweet Crude Oil Futures,D 47.48 -0.01 -0.02% Gold Futures,Dec-2016 1,138.10 -1.30 -0.11% Silver Futures,Dec-2016 15.97 -0.02 -0.11% Copper Futures,Dec-2016 2.51 +0.01 +0.46% Latest News Caixin China Manufacturing PMI Improves to 51.9 in December Australia AiG Manufacturing Index Strengthens to 55.4 in December NZD/USD Ranges On The First Trading Day Of 2017 USD/CAD Recovers Early Day Losses To Regain Support Gold Futures Lower in Electronic Trade After Friday’s Positive Finish AUD/USD Declines To Critical Support Crude Oil Futures Little Changed in Electronic Trading Trading forex, equities, CFDs, or other assets carries financial risk. You may lose your initial deposit or more. The information on this website is provided for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as financial advice. Trading is risky. Always consult with an independent financial adviser to give you trading advice tailored to your individual circumstances. View the Full Disclaimer Here Copyright © 2016 www.EconomicCalendar.com All Rights Reserved. Home About Us Privacy Contact Us RSS Twitter Facebook Google
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Oculus cooking up a VR containment system for room-scale Rift experiences Kevin Parrish Digital TrendsAugust 26, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share oculus vr room scale rift touch controller virtual realityMore For viewers to get totally immersed in a virtual world, they need to actually move around in the physical one. After all, what’s the point of exploring a fantasy realm if you’re glued to the seat of a virtual golf cart steered by a controller. To solve this limitation, Intel installed a RealSense sensor into the front of its Project Alloy headset for object detection within the physical space. This allow users to seemingly roam freely uncaged. The HTC Vive takes a different approach by employing virtual walls via external cameras to keep users caged within a specific physical space. Now, Oculus VR is reportedly working on a caged confinement system of its own for the Rift headset. In the case of the HTC Vive, the headset uses what Valve Software calls the “Chaperone” system. Before jumping into the virtual universe, users must clear a space in the desired room of up to 16 feet squared (6.5 feet by 5 feet at the very least). This physical space is thus tracked by two external cameras (base stations) that install barriers within the virtual realm. Thus, users can move about freely in the defined physical space without worrying about bumping into knee-bashing objects. Related: Oculus doesn’t think users will have room for room-scale virtual reality And that’s a big difference between the Vive and the Rift: The latter doesn’t officially support room-scale movement detection. The Rift comes packed with a single sensor meant for a desktop placement of up to three feet away from the headset. That setup definitely doesn’t scream “room-scale experience. As a result, customers looking for a full, out-of-the-box room-scale experience may bite the bullet and sink their hard-earned cash into the pricier HTC Vive. Oculus VR, however, unleashed an Oculus Home update at the end of July. This update sets users up for the upcoming Touch controller by increasing the Rift’s external sensor input from one individual unit to four units, as each Touch controller will come bundled with an additional sensor. There doesn’t seem to be any means to acquire additional sensor units outside the upcoming Touch bundles just yet. A recent report states that a system similar to HTC’s “Chaperone” method for the Vive is in the works over at Oculus VR. This version has reportedly been in the works for some time, and was first revealed at a conference back in June while Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey hosted a four-player match of Dead & Buried that demonstrated the use of the upcoming Touch controller. “Palmer Luckey pulled me aside and asked if I had noticed anything peculiar about this particular build of the game,” reports Ben Lang. “After saying I hadn’t, he urged me to put the headset back on and then walk to my left. After few steps, I saw a horizontal floating line appear in front of me about stomach-height. As I traced it with my eyes to the left, I could see that it encompassed me entirely, appearing like a square with rounded corners.” This line, according to the report, blended into the overall Western theme of Dead & Buried, appearing as barbed wire. This little detail indicates that developers can shape these virtual boundaries to fit within specific experiences so that that users are completely immersed. The system provided with the HTC Vive, on the other hand, can be customized by the user. Unfortunately, that’s all we know about the upcoming system for the Rift. Additional details will likely be revealed at the company’s “Connect” developer conference in October. Zenimax alleges John Carmack stole documents to help Oculus develop Rift Oculus doesn't think users will have room for room-scale virtual reality The Rift now supports four sensors for improved room-scale VR Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Associated Press Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
null
null
null
null
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 SEARCH Gov Tech Sacramento, Calif., Entices Another Bay Area Business to Relocate Parrable is one of several tech companies that have committed in recent months to locating in the Sacramento area versus the Bay Area, saying they were attracted in part by the region’s labor pool and lower overhead costs. by Dale Kasler, The Sacramento Bee / August 26, 2016 0 Sacramento Mayor Kevin Johnson (second from left) applauds his leadership team as he explains how the city will use its a new fund to invest in local companies and promote innovation. Matt Williams, TechWire (TNS) -- Sacramento is taking a fresh stab at poaching high-tech jobs from the Bay Area, marketing itself as an affordable but talent-rich locale for companies choking on the high cost of doing business in San Francisco and San Jose. The fledgling effort scored another success Wednesday, albeit a small one. Parrable, a 2-year-old San Francisco company whose technology platform enables advertisers to target customers online, will hire seven engineers next month. It expects to grow to 25 to 70 jobs in Sacramento within three years. The company will make Sacramento and San Francisco its “dual headquarters,” although the bulk of Parrable’s employment will be located in Sacramento. RELATEDSacramento, Calif., and Bay Area Make Pact to Lure Tech Companies Away from Competing States5 Traits of the Future of Civic InnovationSacramento, Calif., City Council Approves $10 Million Innovation Budget Parrable was lured to Sacramento after Chief Executive Carla Holtze bumped into Barry Broome, the Sacramento region’s chief economic development recruiter, at a networking event in San Francisco. She lamented her young company’s difficulties in hiring engineers in the Bay Area’s overpriced labor market. Broome and Mayor Kevin Johnson eventually sold her on Sacramento. Speaking Wednesday at a combination news conference/pep rally at, California State University, Sacramento, Holtze called Sacramento “a wonderful place to set up shop and hire engineers.” The news conference was held at Sacramento State because officials at the university are helping Parrable hire talent. She added that Sacramento’s “proximity to San Francisco is really important to us,” since Parrable didn’t want to stray too far from its hub of customers and business partners. The company will initially occupy space at I/O Labs, a 40,000-square-foot co-working space and business incubator located in a historic bank building at Seventh and J streets. Holtze’s reasoning dovetails with the technology strategy Broome is trying to implement at the Greater Sacramento Area Economic Council, the business recruiting organization founded by area executives in late 2014 at the mayor’s urging. In an interview, Broome said he’s trying to build a “technology cluster” with as many as 200 companies, many of them imported from the Bay Area, over the next decade. On the surface, at least, it’s reminiscent of Sacramento’s strategy in the 1980s and 1990s, when the region emphasized its low costs, billed itself as “Silicon Valley East” and succeeded in bringing thousands of jobs from the likes of Apple, Intel and Hewlett-Packard. The strategy worked, up to a point, and those companies remain significant employers in greater Sacramento. But over the years they’ve all transferred jobs from the area to other states, or to overseas locations, in an effort to ratchet down costs even more. Hewlett-Packard in particular is a sliver of its former self, although many of the cutbacks at its Roseville campus have been due to HP’s long-standing internal woes. Broome said the strategy developed by the Greater Sacramento organization has some critical differences with the earlier approach. It has less to do with cost savings and more to do with establishing Sacramento as a place where a tech company can hire top employees –and, yes, save a few dollars. To that end, the Greater Sacramento organization is putting less focus on trying to recruit satellite operations from companies like Google. Broome said the tech giants would just as soon open offices in tech hot spots like Austin, Texas, where costs are considerably lower than even Sacramento. Rather, Broome said, he’s trying to recruit Bay Area startups and small companies, which are less likely to make the leap all the way to Texas but can still find meaningful cost savings in Sacramento. The plan is to nurture the companies and hope that at least some of them blossom into mega-employers with roots in Sacramento. “This is not the strategy of the ’90s,” Broome said. “We’re not chasing the satellite office; we’re building the company.” While the cost differential with the Bay Area still matters, Broome said he’s emphasizing Sacramento’s skilled workforce. “Sacramento’s value proposition is talent, not cost,” he said. “Creativity, not cost.” Economic development experts say the new approach makes a lot more sense as Sacramento’s labor market has matured. “Sacramento is clearly a more substantive market,” said Jack Boyd of The Boyd Co., a New Jersey-based corporate relocation consultant. “When (companies) go to Sacramento, they’re not just going for the lower costs.” Parrable is one of several tech companies that have committed to the Sacramento area instead of the Bay Area in recent months, saying they were attracted in part by the region’s labor pool. Among them is Flippbox, a maker of hardware and software systems for managing mail and other documents. The company was founded in the Bay Area, moved to Florida, and now plans to move to Sacramento and hire 25 workers by early next year. Founder Randy Hucks said Flippbox has received 300 résumés – many of them from Sacramentans who are commuting to tech jobs in the Bay Area but want to work closer to home. “I’m entirely convinced the talent is there,” Hucks said this week. NRC Manufacturing, a small Fremont circuit-board maker that said in March it would build a major factory in Elk Grove, said this week it’s in the process of buying a 46,000-square-foot factory building. While the company expects to hire as many as 2,500 workers eventually, founder and majority owner Ratha Chea said this week that NRC will likely hire 50 workers in the next nine months. Chea said he insisted on building his factory in a place reasonably close to the Bay Area, even though states such as Nevada would have been cheaper than Elk Grove. “I don’t want to go that far,” he said. Parrable, the latest tech newcomer to Sacramento, already had ties to the area. Its lead investor is Folsom venture capital firm Moneta Ventures. “The potential – they could really grow in scale,” said Moneta’s managing director, Lokesh Sikaria. While Broome’s organization continues to recruit from the Bay Area, the city of Sacramento is putting cash on the line to help build up the tech sector. The City Council this summer approved creation of a $10 million Innovation and Growth Fund to make grants to incubators and startup companies. The first round of grants is expected to be announced soon. “We’ve been over-reliant on real estate and government jobs in Sacramento for too long,” Johnson said in introducing Holtze at the Sacramento State press event. The mayor hosted Parrable’s CEO at a Sacramento Kings game several months ago as part of the recruitment process. ©2016 The Sacramento Bee (Sacramento, Calif.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. RELATED Sacramento, Calif., and Bay Area Make Pact to Lure Tech Companies Away from Competing States 5 Traits of the Future of Civic Innovation Sacramento, Calif., City Council Approves $10 Million Innovation Budget 0 COMMENTS MORE FROM Gov Tech Sponsored Content Procurement Resources Presented by       City of Fort Worth Integrates eProcurement and ERP Public Procurement for the Postmodern ERP Era Modernizing Public Sector Procurement 4 Ways Procurement Has to Change in the Postmodern ERP Era The Real Reason you need to Improve Procurement The Argument for eProcurement Plus ERP Tweets by PeriscopeHldgs Papers You may also like Sacramento, Calif., and Bay Area Make Pact to Lure Tech Companies Away from Competing States MAGAZINE Government Technology December 2016 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER A Quest for Transparency: Using Social Media to Build Citizen Trust Download © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE OUR NETWORK CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO INNOVATION NATION LATEST ISSUE SUBSCRIBE
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About January 2, 2017 Intel Makes A Cool Robot Brain In Latest Attempt to Pry Hackers From Their Wallets 25 Comments by: Gerrit Coetzee August 26, 2016 Hackerboards got a chance to sit down with Intel’s latest attempt to turn hackers into a willing and steady revenue stream, the, “Euclid.” The board is cool in concept, a full mini computer with stereo cameras, battery, Ubuntu, and ROS nicely packaged together. We would be more excited if we knew how much it costs, but in principle the device is super cool. From a robotics research perspective it’s a sort of perfect package. ROS is a wonderful distributed and asynchronous robotic operating system, test, and development platform. The Intel developers designed this unit around the needs of ROS and it comes pre-installed on the camera. For those who haven’t used ROS before, this is a really cool feature. ROS is natively distributed. It really doesn’t care where the computer supplying its data lives. So, for example, if you already had a robot and wanted to add stereo vision to it. You could offload all the vision processing components of your existing ROS codebase to the Euclid and continue as if nothing changed. The other option is to use the board as the entire robot brain. It’s self contained with battery and camera. It’s a USB to serial connection away from supercharging any small robotics project. Unfortunately the board is still a demo, and based on Intel’s history, likely to be too expensive to lure ordinary hackers away from the RasPis and import cameras they already know how to hack together into more or less the same thing. Universities will likely be weak at the knees for such a development though. Posted in robots hacksTagged euclid, intel, robotics, ros, tools Post navigation ← From Project To Kit: The Final Furlong Books You Should Read: The Soul of A New Machine → 25 thoughts on “Intel Makes A Cool Robot Brain In Latest Attempt to Pry Hackers From Their Wallets” DougL says: August 26, 2016 at 8:58 am Here is an video of the release . Report comment Reply Rodney McKay says: August 26, 2016 at 9:09 am Since when has the ridiculous cost of something dulled a HaD writer’s excitement? GlowForge, OtherMill, Projecta… Report comment Reply Gerrit Coetzee says: August 26, 2016 at 9:13 am Hah. Well. Depends on execution and competition in the field. Othermill is exceedingly well executed and fills its niche well. A niche in which its price, quality, and feature set is appropriate. GlowForge is an attempt to bring something that is still fairly technical and very unpolished into the home safely. Just googled what Projecta is and it looks hella dumb, but the hackaday writers are not legion and A for effort I guess. Likewise, this is really cool, but most hackers have no aversion to spending money on the tools used to execute the project. They do have an aversion to the cost of components in the project. Despite this being fairly nonsensical, it exists and matters. Report comment Reply Rodney McKay says: August 26, 2016 at 9:23 am Indeed. It’s like having a $50,000 kitchen and using it to cook only hamburgers. Report comment Reply Jan Ciger (@janoc200) says: August 26, 2016 at 10:17 am I think you are underestimating hackers. People have no aversion to spending money on *good quality* tools, not any tools. People who are actually building stuff with them are not stupid and won’t buy an overpriced hipstery piece of junk only because “Whoa shiny!”. The Othermill is a good example of that – basically nobody knows about them, because they are so niche and so uber expensive that the value for a hobbyist or small scale production just isn’t there. They had to orient themselves towards selling to universities and schools, because there the person holding the wallet usually isn’t the one actually using (or even understanding) the product so an overpriced gadget is an easier sell there. Compare that with e.g. the Shapeoko router which is fairly well known and popular. And Intel – well, how many hardware/robotics projects are being published with Galileo, Edison, RealSense cameras, etc? Apart from the company sponsored demos and things like Ben Heck Show (where he gets the hw sponsored), there isn’t much – it is simply too expensive and complex to use (yay for crazy connectors requiring expensive carrier boards ..), especially when there are alternatives that can do 90% of what the Intel’s solution can do for 1/4 (or less) of the price and with less hassle. Intel has some amazing engineering there, that’s without question, however they don’t quite get the market they are trying to target. For schools it is unusable without the accompanying compendium of teaching material (few schools have the engineering resources to develop that themselves – especially when there is competition with well established ecosystem) and for individual hobbyists it is mostly a curiosity and nonstarter in most cases … Report comment Reply Rodney McKay says: August 26, 2016 at 10:31 am Were you replying to Gerrit, or to me? Neither of us said that hackers won’t spend money on good tools. Gerrit noted an aversion to paying for 𝘤𝘰𝘮𝘱𝘰𝘯𝘦𝘯𝘵𝘴, and I riffed on that (we’ll spend vast amounts of money on tools, then use those to work with crummy, knockoff parts—or hamburger instead of filet mignon). Report comment Reply bl says: August 26, 2016 at 11:30 am let’s see if intel’s new child, the curie chip, does anything serious in the market. its also not cheap to build with or to make things with (ignoring the arduino101 board since that’s a demo board and not meant to be directly embeddable). intel does not get the maker market. they keep trying – bless their hearts (lol) – but they miss every time. I suspect they won’t let the right people run the show and its *always* the same old ones that continue to be clueless about this space. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 26, 2016 at 11:22 am “robot brain”? How so? Have fun coding machine learning that actually does things new.. Report comment Reply robert says: August 26, 2016 at 11:41 am Intel are in no way trying to pry hackers from their wallets – I wouldn’t be surprised if they turned out to be selling these under cost – they’re trying to pry hackers away from ARM. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 11:45 am It’s weird though, like Mercedes trying to wean you away from Hyundai with a free steering wheel mitt. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 26, 2016 at 12:57 pm Yep.. About time for CISC to be RISC again.. TI and the others are way too controlling. Just look at the way they hide security features and only sale old AP tech to hobbyists.. Intel implements SSE4 and other recent tech and micro-architecture in hobbyist products and ARM IPs will be worth nothing within two-years.. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 26, 2016 at 1:07 pm If Intel really wanted to they could just bust out optical buses.. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 2:40 pm Pshaw, optical indeed, everyone knows real robot brains are positronic. Report comment Reply Matt says: August 26, 2016 at 9:05 pm IIRC, they have demoed QPI over optical via silicon photonics. Lightpeak was originally PCIe + video over an optical link. The ambition is there, but the tech isn’t quite ready yet. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 27, 2016 at 10:35 am I only mention optical silicon buses because they have exponential bus throughput and Intel is the only vendor with it past the R&D stage Report comment Reply Theo Themistokleous says: August 26, 2016 at 1:53 pm “INTEL MAKES A COOL ROBOT BRAIN IN LATEST ATTEMPT TO PRY HACKERS FROM THEIR WALLETS” Christ almighty, is this a tech blog or a tabloid? @Gerrit Coetzee Again with the marketing man… “We would be more excited if we knew how much it costs, but in principle the device is super cool.” You’re again “showing off” something “Super cool” and saying its the next best thing to sliced bread. I mean i we look back there was : Othermill, Glowfordge, Mosaic, projecta, etc “For those who haven’t used ROS before, this is a really cool feature” ROS is a feature? Are you kidding me? You can run that on a 20 dollar Pi, or a $40 Hard Kernel board, are you sure you’re not being paid off? You realize you’re sounding a lot like a shill again. “Universities will likely be weak at the knees for such a development though” Great. Maybe talk about that and why its a BAD thing for education raise some questions about the commodification of North American education and its accessibility with respect to new technologies. All you’re doing is contributing to hype again with little to no facts. If there’s a demo where’s the bench marks compared to say a Pi or other small boards. All you’ve written in short form is the following Here’s this piece of tech. It was a demo. We do not know price This looks super cool (no data) This looks super cool because of ROS ROS is useful for robots Intel is terrible at trying to penetrate this market Universities will eat this up instead because (?) (10 points) Seriously has HAD writing degraded to this? Report comment Reply billfong9691 says: August 26, 2016 at 4:15 pm mooltipass? Report comment Reply Mike says: August 26, 2016 at 5:43 pm Theo. Open your mind. Adding this Realsense device to a robot is just what us roboticians want/need. Who wants to buy a Pi and spend months building a robot? I’d rather have something that comes close that I can modify. I will pay lots to save that kind of time. The Intel robot will be sold next year. Hey, Intel is a bit clunky, but they’re bringing out cooler stuff (drones, Euclid, Curie) than others out there (Freescale, NXP, TI) Hackaday rocks. They bring us cool technology that hackers and makers would like to either use or know about. I read HAD every day. What other site does this so well? Reddit? Meh. Report comment Reply xorpunk says: August 27, 2016 at 10:39 am It’s a “robot brain” as much as anything with an ARM chip and sensors is.. That’s not an iphone it’s a pocket-AI Report comment Reply tekkieneet says: August 26, 2016 at 2:30 pm It is vaporware as there isn’t even a price for it. So talking about that is kind of meaningless for people who won’t have one for a while. Wait until there is a more detailed specs, MSRP and distributors, then write about it. :P It is just a PC on a stick + battery pack + cameras and ROS. Nothing too special about it. Report comment Reply op says: August 26, 2016 at 4:19 pm Cool demo, much cheaper with cmucam (albeit color tracking only): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wuFit9T5gz4 Report comment Reply francois otis says: August 27, 2016 at 2:03 am Is this article an attempt to assimilate hacking with putting together finished products ? Where is the pride when 90% of your project is accomplished by Intel ? What’s the thrill in pressing a power button ? Report comment Reply snazzajazz says: August 27, 2016 at 1:35 pm Tell that to the software guys (who hate hardware). Just because the hardware is done, doesn’t mean it is finished by any means. Report comment Reply alxy says: August 27, 2016 at 10:02 pm Intel has failed in mobile and has yet to show any IoT (or “hacker friendly”/”community friendly”) device worth looking at. If they cannot sell these things at at prices comparable to a Raspberry Pi Zero, Orange Pi, or ESP8266 (sub $20 shipped), then they’re yet another silicon valley tech company making products for hipsters and unicorns. With so many fails and a slowly dying cash cow (x86), it’s also almost certain Intel will layoff way more than 12,000 in the years to come. Report comment Reply Ką Mykolas? says: August 30, 2016 at 5:34 pm ROS is not an operating system. And sadly, it’s not that wonderful. In my opinion it’s giant and unmaintainable beast best suited for non-techies and/or toying on powerful enough machines. I wish only thing, that Intel with it’s RealSense would properly fill the gap in affordable stereo-vision field with proper Linux support. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it 33C3: Works for Me 19 Comments Reflow Soldering at Another Level 15 Comments 2016: As The Hardware World Turns 22 Comments The Story of Kickstarting the OpenMV 29 Comments How To Nail A Technical Presentation 46 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Hackaday Links: The 2017 One 19 Comments Mike Szczys on the State of the Hackaday 70 Comments Fail Of The Week: How I Killed The HiPot Tester 16 Comments Open Source Art Encourages Society to Think Inclusively 56 Comments In Defense Of The Electric Chainsaw 93 Comments More from this category Recent comments localroger on Retrocomputing for $4 with a Z80 metai on OWL Insecure Internet of Energy Monitors reboots on Reflow Soldering at Another Level JIm B on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates ian on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates joe_7 on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates TheRegnirps on Gravity Simulations With An FPGA Richard Sharp on Run Your Own Numbers Station jessstern on [Geohot]’s Self-Driving Car Cancelled Richard Sharp on Run Your Own Numbers Station Now on Hackaday.io Ted Yapo wrote a reply on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Mark Sherman has updated details to tinygames. Yann Guidon / YGDES wrote a comment on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Matthew Carlson wrote a reply on PiBoy 64. Matthew Carlson has updated the log for PiBoy 64. Dante Kienigiel liked Two Stage Tentacle Mechanism. Mark Sherman has updated the project titled tinygames. Mark VandeWettering has updated the project titled My Half Life Clock. Mark VandeWettering has updated details to My Half Life Clock. Ted Yapo wrote a reply on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2017 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home Changelog Downloads More on TrueOS TrueOS Pico Our Team Handbook Blog Select Page Features What Makes TrueOS® Different? What makes TrueOS different? TrueOS is based on the legendary security and stability of FreeBSD. TrueOS follows FreeBSD-CURRENT, with the latest drivers, security updates, and packages available. Also, our brand new driver package brings in support for newer Intel graphics chipsets and hardware. We pride ourselves on providing industry leading features like PersonaCrypt, which allows encrypting your user home directory and carrying it to other TrueOS machines. TrueOS also supports GELI full disk encryption, keeping your data secure even in the case of physical theft. So go ahead and give us a try. If you hit any snags along the way, we are glad to help. TrueOS is built on top of FreeBSD to make the best desktop possible by bringing in these amazing system level additions: TrueOS uses LibreSSL for everything Full clang functionality built from ports TrueOS upgrades use boot environments and never touch your live system Linux DRM 4.7 (Supports modern Intel graphics – Broadwell, Skylake) Ports and packages compiled with more options What Happened to PC-BSD®? Many are very familiar with the name PC-BSD and may be wondering why we changed the name. Although it’s a household name for so many, the developers realized this was a time for a new name that would better convey our message. Lead developer Kris Moore had this to say: “We’ve already been using TrueOS for the server side of PC-BSD, and it made sense to unify the names. PC-BSD doesn’t reflect server or embedded well. TrueOS Desktop/Server/Embedded can be real products, avoids some of the alphabet soup, and gives us a more catchy name.” One important lesson learned from going to conferences is that people can have a hard time remembering the acronym that makes up our name, which is not a good place to start with marketing a product. We’re confident the TrueOS name will allow people to quickly identify the project. Subsequently, we will be able to convey our brand message in a better and more unified way. Safe and Secure Let’s face it – Data security is one of the most complex issues an operating system has to deal with to keep users safe. That’s why at the TrueOS project we’ve gone above and beyond to ensure you have all the utilities you need to keep your systems safe and secure. Using GELI full disk encryption with PersonaCrypt will allow users to make a portable, but fully encrypted home directory on a removable USB drive that can be moved between TrueOS systems. This allows you the freedom of having all of your data with you no matter what computer system you are using. We use LibreSSL, which is widely known and used within OpenBSD, to secure our code base and increase base level security. Go ahead and rest easy, TrueOS has you covered. SysAdm™ Remote Management SysAdm provides a new way to manage your Server, Desktop or Cloud-based systems. By exposing an API via encrypted REST or WebSockets, it is now possible to remotely control all aspects of your machine, including management of software, updates, boot environments, users, backups, and more. SysAdm is the answer for companies looking for a low cost, yet scalable solution that easily manages different segments of IT infrastructure to keep things running smoothly. TrueOS has now embedded all local and remote control panel functionality into SysAdm so you can easily find and adjust any configurable system element from one place. The OpenZFS File System The OpenZFS file system is the next evolution of file systems. The revolutionary design of ZFS incorporates copy-on-write and self-healing elements to provide rock-solid reliability. However, boot environments really make this file system shine. With boot environments, you can quickly snapshot your system configuration at any given time. If something goes wrong while performing an update, or you edited a configuration file you shouldn’t have, don’t worry! Simply use the built-in rollback functionality to go back to the previous boot environment and be on your way. OpenZFS provides built-in software RAID without the need for expensive hardware controllers. ©Copyright 2017 iXsystems, Inc.| All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | All trademarks appearing herein are subject to the terms of the iXsystems, Inc. Trademark Policy
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. RadeonSI OpenGL Performance Has Evolved A Lot Since Early 2015 Written by Michael Larabel in Display Drivers on 26 August 2016. Page 1 of 4. 8 Comments Yesterday I posted some benchmarks showing how the AMDGPU / R9 Fury performance has jumped up in the past few months just since the April release of Ubuntu 16.04 LTS. For those wondering how the open-source AMD OpenGL performance has evolved over the longer term, I took a Radeon R9 270X graphics card and re-did tests going back to Ubuntu 15.04 for looking at the RadeonSI Gallium3D performance for the past year and a half. For this Friday Linux benchmarking fun was re-testing Ubuntu 15.04, 15.10, 16.04, and 16.04 + Mesa Git + Linux 4.8 for seeing how the performance has evolved on the same system going back to early 2015. The same Intel Xeon E3-1280 v5 Skylake system with Radeon R9 270X graphics card was used for all of the testing. The R9 270X was used since it had worked fine on the open-source driver stack going back to early 2015 unlike the late AMDGPU support with Tonga and FIji, or like in the case of the Radeon R9 290 where it's been in a recently regressed state on the open-source driver code. I couldn't go back any further in my testing as Ubuntu 14.10 was running into a DRM error from dpm_set_power_state with this graphics card on the 14.10 stock kernel. Each Ubuntu release was tested out-of-the-box with its Linux kernel, Mesa, and X.Org Server from its time period. All of the system/hardware settings were maintained the same; Ubuntu 15.04 used the CPUFreq driver over P-State which is why its CPU frequency is reported differently. Following the Ubuntu 16.04 LTS tests, tests were done using the Linux 4.8 Git kernel along with Mesa Git + LLVM SVN via the Padoka PPA. All of the OpenGL tests in this article were conducted in a fully-automated manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite. Due to only Ubuntu 16.04 getting OpenGL 4.1+ support, the tests were limited to OpenGL 3 compliant tests in order to run on the distributions going back to Ubuntu 15.04. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Open-Source Radeon BenchmarksPage 3 - Open-Source Radeon BenchmarksPage 4 - Open-Source Radeon Benchmarks Page: 1234Next Page 8 Comments Related Articles AMDGPU-PRO 16.50 vs. Mesa 13.1-dev + Linux 4.9 Radeon OpenGL AMDGPU-PRO 16.50 Rolls Out With GCN 1.0 Support, FreeSync Intel Iris Pro OpenGL vs. Vulkan Benchmarks With Linux 4.9, Mesa 13.1-dev NVIDIA vs. AMDGPU-PRO vs. RadeonSI OpenGL Comparison For Holidays 2016 Editorial: Using NVIDIA On Linux For The First Time In 10 Years Trending Linux News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver The Most Viewed Linux Kernel News Stories Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      Unfiltered Opinion      Why It Is Well Past Time To Take The Hack Harassment Pledge Related Content Topic :  LinkedIn  Networking with trusted professional contacts Blog :  Study Outlines Trends in Successful Online Communities Article :  Social Media Pitfalls and How to Avoid Them Why It Is Well Past Time to Take the Hack Harassment Pledge Rob Enderle |   Unfiltered Opinion   |   Posted 26 Aug, 2016          |         |     Share The 5 Essential Traits of Digital Innovators I’ve been in the technology segment for most of my life and take pride in the fact that I’ve touched and mostly improved a wide range of products. It is hard to watch the attacks on Leslie Jones and not feel like far too many people are corrupting our hard work, turning products we developed to enrich people’s lives into tools used to hurt them instead. After Gamergate, we instituted the Hack Harassment Pledge (#HackHarassment Pledge), which was supposed to be a process where we all stood up in defense of someone like Jones when an attack occurred. To say that our response was disappointing would be an understatement. So, as we end the week, I thought I’d remind everyone that we need to stand together against malicious online behavior, or the social networks, forums and other electronic places we gather will be at risk of directed regulation. Homeland Security is now involved and it tends to hit problems with an overly big stick. Let’s revisit why we set up the Hack Harassment Pledge and why we all should live by it if we want relatively free and open social networks and forums. Gamergate At the heart of this effort was Gamergate, which branded much of the industry surrounding video games unfavorably. In effect, a woman who had dared to break up with her boyfriend was publicly shamed on a massive scale, doing heavy damage to not only the image of the technology segment but pretty much every guy who played or coded games. Intel got caught in the middle by making a really bad decision and backing the wrong side as a result. So, partially to make up for this, it backed an industry-wide effort and asked all of us involved in technology to take the Hack Harassment Pledge. The idea was that this was our mess as an industry and we should all stand firm in an effort to correct the behavior of a few misguided and somewhat sociopathic individuals. Hack Harassment Pledge The Hack Harassment Pledge goes as follows: Online harassment has become a pervasive and often vicious problem with real-life repercussions.  It has significant negative consequences for the wellbeing and safety of individuals and for the success of digital communities. Everyone – regardless of their identity, background, or beliefs – is entitled to an online world where they are treated with respect and are free from harassment. In order to build a safer, smarter, and more inclusive experience online, I will recognize when harassment is occurring, responsibly speak up against it, and support those experiencing it by: Abiding by and upholding the same standards and values online that are expected offline and excepting that my online behavior has real-life consequences.  Valuing and supporting diverse perspectives, backgrounds, and opinions. Actively participating in the movement to decrease the prevalence and intensity of online harassment.” Generally living up to it means standing with people, even those you may not agree with, when they are attacked unreasonably and personally. This is not only the core of our concept of free speech but it is likely the only way we’ll prevent what could be be a massive government over-reaction should these attacks result in some kind of massive violent response. Wrapping Up: Why I #StandWithLeslie This post is part of my effort to personally fulfill the pledge I made some time ago to stand with people like Leslie Jones. My only regret is that I waited too long to realize that the attacks on her qualified for the Hack Harassment Pledge. All I ask is that you take a look at the Hack Harassment pledge and find it in your heart to take and live by it. At the very least, don’t allow yourself to become part of this problem. Tech should be full of joy, excitement, and discovery and shouldn’t be a tool used to take the sparkle out of anyone’s eyes. I hope you’ll join me in my #StandWithLeslie. I truly regret I didn’t stand up sooner.     Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm.  With over 30 years’ experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+. Save Save Save          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Aug 28, 2016 11:07 AM nan  says: Anyone who will take the time to read that text will already regard all of it as normal human behaviour. Let alone someone who'll "pledge" to it. If hackers are going to pledge to something, let it be real provable privacy by consent and security by intent in everything we do. Where we fail is design, often by backing down on part of it. Software design isn't legislation; secure software isn't made by compromise. Reply Sep 1, 2016 11:11 AM Scott  says: The pledge should include not participating by viewing hacked info. When you look at the hacked nude selfies, however superstitiously, you make yourself part of the harassment. Sadly, point #2 of the pledge is drivel. "Diversity" has no value until you know what the diversity is! Examples along the value spectrum: I have a beautiful religion/race/culture/etc. (positive.) If you are not part of my religion/race/culture/etc., I believe bad things will happen to you (neutral, maybe need more info?) If you are not part of my religion/race/culture/etc., I will do bad things to you (negative.) Reply Sep 5, 2016 10:24 AM 3mbersparks  says: "a woman who had dared to break up with her boyfriend was publicly shamed on a massive scale" You do realize that he was the one who broke up with her, right? He cut things off after she lied about getting an STD test since her last relationship. The thing he wrote is publicly available for anyone to read. The "moral question" around his actions is whether it was okay for him to publicly post about his negative experiences with her, or if sharing his experiences would cause her harm. I guess that's kind of the problem I have with Hack Harassment Pledge. It's not going to protect EVERYONE from harassment, just the people with enough connections and platform to spin the attacks against them as "unreasonable". You say that this may involve standing up for people you disagree with, but let's be honest: you wouldn't stand up against vitriol directed toward someone like Bill Cosby, since you'd just see it as understandable anger toward his wrongdoing. This "oath to stand against harassment" seems an awful lot like an excuse to harass whoever you think deserves it. There IS a need for something like this, but what you present here's just a tool for powerful people to defend themselves. Reply Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
null
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 Slideshow 19 Views of Hot Chips Rick Merritt 8/26/2016 08:00 AM EDT 1 Comment NO RATINGS 2 saves Login to Rate Tweet CUPERTINO, Calif. – The annual Hot Chips event here reflected a semiconductor industry moving rapidly in multiple directions with a lot of energy pouring into machine learning, smarter cars and novel sensors. A handful of talks showed the massive mobile sector is clearly still doing great work but advances seem more incremental. Microprocessors, the traditional center of the event, was still very much present with Intel describing Skylake while IBM announced Power 9 and AMD unveiled its Zen x86 core. Heated competition in cloud computing continued to drive significant silicon efforts. Traditional players such as Intel showed how it is becoming more vertically integrated as a result of acquisitions while new upstarts such as China’s Phytium emerged. Perhaps the best news of all came from a handful of talks by young people in or emerging from academia. Their smarts and energy are fuel for the future. Next page: Machine learning schooled on power Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 13 Next > More Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B Computing Got Colorful in 2016 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank CEO .... realjjj   8/26/2016 9:23:25 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate "In a keynote talk, Daniel L. Rosenband, who leads the compute team for Google's self-driving car, called for a 14/16nm processor that could crank 16-bit floating point jobs at five tera-operations/second." It's somewhat encouraging that he's not asking for a few times more.  With a Parker SoC (1.5 TFLOPs) + a medium sized discrete GPU it could be done in 100W. Not ideal but they don't need production hardware today. If their requirements don't go up , costs and power would become rather favorable in a couple of years. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... 1/2/2017 5:01:53 PM Don Herres ISIL (Islamic State) is using low cost commercial drones in the urban warfare.  The market is there and, if you save someone from being killed, not too price sensitive. Navigate to Related Links Wi-Fi Expands with .11ax at CES Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B Computing Got Colorful in 2016 2017 Predictions, Networking Edition Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Jump to main content Jump to navigation the WHITE HOUSEPresident Barack Obama Contact Us Get Email Updates Home Briefing Room From the News Room Latest NewsRead the latest blog posts from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave Share-WorthyCheck out the most popular infographics and videos PhotosView the photo of the day and other galleries Video GalleryWatch behind-the-scenes videos and more Live EventsTune in to White House events and statements as they happen Music & Arts PerformancesSee the lineup of artists and performers at the White House From the Press Office Your Weekly Address Speeches & Remarks Press Briefings Statements & Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Legislation Nominations & Appointments Disclosures Issues Popular Topics Supreme Court Nomination Criminal Justice Reform The Record Cuba See All Top Issues Civil Rights Climate Change Economy Education Foreign Policy Health Care Iran Deal Immigration Action More Defense Disabilities Ethics Equal Pay Homeland Security Reducing Gun Violence Rural Service More Seniors & Social Security Taxes Technology Trade Urban and Economic Mobility Veterans Women The Administration People President Barack Obama Vice President Joe Biden First Lady Michelle Obama Dr. Jill Biden The Cabinet Executive Office of the President Senior White House Leadership Other Advisory Boards Executive Offices Office of Management and Budget Office of Science and Technology Policy Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality National Security Council See All Initiatives Lets Move Joining Forces Reach Higher My Brother's Keeper Precision Medicine Special Events State of the Union Inauguration Medal of Freedom Participate Digital Follow Us on Social Media We the Geeks Hangouts Mobile Apps Developer Tools Tools You Can Use Join Us Tours & Events Jobs with the Administration Internships White House Fellows Presidential Innovation Fellows United States Digital Service Leadership Development Program Speak Out We the People Petitions Contact the White House Citizens Medal Champions of Change 1600 Penn Inside the White House West Wing Tour Eisenhower Executive Office Building Tour Video Series Décor and Art Holidays See All History & Grounds Presidents First Ladies The Vice President's Residence & Office Eisenhower Executive Office Building Camp David Air Force One Our Government The Executive Branch The Legislative Branch The Judicial Branch The Constitution Federal Agencies & Commissions Elections & Voting State & Local Government Resources Search form Search You are here Home Briefing Room Statements & Releases Briefing Room Your Weekly Address Speeches & Remarks Press Briefings Statements & Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Executive Orders Presidential Memoranda Proclamations Legislation Pending Legislation Signed Legislation Vetoed Legislation Nominations & Appointments Disclosures The White House Office of the Press Secretary For Immediate Release August 26, 2016 Fact Sheet: White House Announces New Commitments to the Equal Pay Pledge “Today we can announce that 28 of America’s leading businesses are committed to closing the gender pay gap. We should encourage more businesses to join them.” -President Barack Obama, United State of Women Summit, June 14, 2016 Today, on Women’s Equality Day, we are announcing new signatories to the White House Equal Pay Pledge. This pledge was launched at the first-ever United State of Women Summit, encouraging companies from across the American economy to take action to advance equal pay. These 29 newly-committed employers bring the total number to more than fifty companies and organizations that collectively employ millions of Americans. The new commitments are from a diverse range of employers, including Apple, CVS, Facebook, Target, and Visa. Equal Pay has been an Administration priority since President Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law as his first piece of legislation. Policies that ensure fair pay for all Americans and that help businesses to attract the strongest talent can not only narrow the pay gap, but also boost productivity and benefit our economy. As noted in the President’s Proclamation on Women’s Equality Day, this day commemorates the 1920 certification of the 19th Amendment to the Constitution, granting women the right to vote. It is also the day that we observe the continued work towards gender equity for all women and girls. View the additional commitments and statements from signatories below, and learn more about President Obama's record on empowering women and girls. By signing the Equal Pay Pledge, these employers are: Acknowledging the critical role businesses must play in reducing the national pay gap. Committing to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across occupations. Reviewing hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers. Embedding equal pay efforts into broader enterprise-wide equity initiatives. Pledging to take these steps as well as identify and promote other best practices that will close the national wage gap to ensure fundamental fairness for all workers. Companies and organizations interested in signing are encouraged to take the Equal Pay Pledge here. *** WHITE HOUSE EQUAL PAY PLEDGE The Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act was the first piece of legislation President Obama signed into law. Policies that ensure fair pay for all Americans and that help businesses attract the strongest talent can not only narrow the gender pay gap, but also boost productivity and benefit our economy. Yet, the typical woman working full-time all year in the United States only earns 79 percent of what a typical man working full-time all year earns. While the gap has narrowed slightly over the past few years, there is much more work to be done to ensure fair pay for all. Building on the Administration’s numerous actions to close the national pay gap, the White House challenged businesses to take the Equal Pay Pledge. Several U.S. private sector companies have come together in support of advancing equal pay. We applaud the growing number of countries that have already made significant progress in closing their gender wage gap. Despite passage of the Equal Pay Act of 1963, which requires equal pay for equal work, the gender pay gap in the United States persists. Women working full-time earn only 79 percent of men’s wages, and we are committed to taking action individually and collectively to reduce that national pay gap. We believe that businesses must play a critical role in reducing the national pay gap. Towards that end, we commit to conducting an annual company-wide gender pay analysis across occupations; reviewing hiring and promotion processes and procedures to reduce unconscious bias and structural barriers; and embedding equal pay efforts into broader enterprise-wide equity initiatives. We pledge to take these steps as well as identify and promote other best practices that will close the national wage gap to ensure fundamental fairness for all workers. *** We received a very positive response to the pledge and welcome our new signatories, including the employers below. These signatories put forth their pledges as follows: A.T. Kearney: A.T. Kearney is passionate about and committed to diversity and inclusion.  We provide our employees with equal opportunities to contribute, develop, and succeed irrespective of gender, race, religion or sexual orientation. Diversity enables us to achieve immediate impact and growing advantage – for our clients, our people and the communities in which we work and live. We believe that equal pay to promote diversity and inclusion is a business imperative. Our approach to diversity and inclusion has and will continue to evolve with the changing needs of our business and our people. We offer global programs that create an inclusive environment and culture, ensuring all employees feel comfortable bringing their best selves to work each day. We enable our employees to achieve their personal and professional aspirations. A.T. Kearney is proud to collaborate with the White House and enthusiastically adds our name to the Equal Pay Pledge. Akamai Technologies: Akamai Technologies is pleased to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. This pledge aligns with the expectations we have of ourselves to lead with a sense of transparency, while embracing diversity and respect for all employees. At Akamai, we seek to ensure every employee can work in an environment where they are valued and able to work at their best. We believe in fair and equitable pay for all our employees, and we are committed to monitoring our pay practices regularly and to making adjustments if necessary to deliver on this pledge. Anheuser-Busch: Anheuser-Busch is proud to sign the Equal Pay Pledge. We value equality throughout all levels of our organization, and believe diversity enriches our workforce. This commitment to inclusivity begins with our mission - to be the best beer company, bringing people together for a better world - and extends to our meritocracy-based compensation practices. At Anheuser-Busch, we believe in equal pay for equal work. We use a rigorous and gender-blind compensation process that was developed and validated by independent experts. We recognize that there is still much work to do to create a truly equal playing field in the workforce. It is our ambition to lead the change and create more opportunities for women in the beer industry. Today, six of our 12 U.S. breweries are led by female head brewmasters, and women now represent the majority (51 percent) of our marketing organization. In support of our workforce and their families, this year we introduced a new parental leave policy that offers 100% paid Parental Bonding leave for all parents, on top of paid Maternity Leave for a birth mother. Apple: Equal work deserves equal pay. This past year, Apple looked at the total compensation for U.S. employees and closed the gaps we found. We’ve achieved pay equity in the United States for similar roles and performance. Women employees at Apple earn one dollar for every dollar male employees earn. We’re now analyzing the salaries, bonuses, and annual stock grants of all our employees worldwide. If a gap exists, we’ll address it. And we’ll continue our work to make sure we maintain pay equity. Chobani: Since day one, diversity and inclusiveness have been at the core of Chobani. We’re proud to stand with other leading businesses to give one voice to a simple, common sense principle: women deserve equal pay for equal work. We were founded with the belief that everyone on our team deserves the same chance to achieve their dreams and live up to their full potential. By joining the White House in taking this important pledge, we’re committing to continuously reviewing our practices to ensure that, as we grow, we never stray from our founding principles – and that our hiring, promotion and compensation practices and procedures stick to our deeply-held belief that women deserve equal opportunity. The Coca-Cola Company: The Coca-Cola Company values and celebrates diversity. This includes a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity that spans our employment practices and development of existing employees. There is overwhelming evidence that achieving equality and empowerment for women has both immediate impacts that benefit them directly and broader ripple effects that are good for society. We have made meaningful strides as a company in our equal opportunity efforts. Still, we recognize there is more we can learn by building upon best practices across the U.S. private sector.  We are pleased, therefore, to join the Equal Pay Pledge and work with the Administration and other partners towards reducing the national gender pay gap. CVS Health: At CVS Health, we are committed to fulfilling our company’s purpose of helping people on their path to better health by living our values, including integrity, accountability, caring, collaboration and innovation. By living our values, we embrace a dedication to paying our colleagues equitably regardless of their gender. We take a purposeful and systematic approach to evaluate compensation to ensure we are accountable to our pay equity commitment. We actively work to seek out, listen to and leverage the voices of our diverse colleagues, customers, clients, and communities. For our company, diversity and innovation go hand in hand and we strive to model best practices to promote and develop diverse talent.  Our CEO serves as the executive sponsor of CVS Health’s Women’s Success Network, one of our largest Colleague Resource Groups.  And we have been recognized as a best practice company by the 20/20 Women on Boards Initiative.  We value the contributions of all of our colleagues and we are proud to join other leading employers in signing this pledge and making a commitment to this important issue. Delta Air Lines: At Delta Air Lines, the very nature of our business is bringing people together. We rely on a worldwide family of Delta Air Lines people 80,000 strong to care for our customers and ensure they get where they’re going promptly and safely, regardless of the origin or destination. Our success is built on diversity, where our differences make us stronger and all people are welcomed, supported and – above all – treated equally. We’re proud to join the White House in signing the Equal Pay Pledge and voicing our commitment to fairness and diversity in the workplace, which is reflective of our long-standing commitment of pay equality among all Delta Air Lines employees. Dropbox: Dropbox is honored to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge and join the other companies who have taken a stand on this issue. Gender equality and equal pay are priorities for us, and they are part of our deep commitment to creating an equitable workplace that includes and supports employees of every background and identity. Our products are used around the globe by millions of people from all cultures and backgrounds, and our team needs to reflect the world we’re building for. At Dropbox we review all of our hiring and HR processes for potential bias, including a gender impact analysis at every compensation and promotion cycle. Additionally, we've built inclusive leadership into our framework for managers, and all of our senior leadership and nearly all of our employees have participated in unconscious bias training. While we are proud of our track record of compensating our employees fairly and equitably — from our most junior team members to our senior leaders — we know there is more work to be done in order to create a world in which both men and women have the same opportunities and choices. Dunkin’ Brands: Dunkin' Brands is committed to gender pay equity, and we are honored to join the White House in the Equal Pay Pledge.  At Dunkin' Brands we regularly review our pay practices to ensure pay equity and strongly believe that a corporate culture in which each person is valued, respected and earns equal pay for equal work, delivers better business results. EY: EY is committed to pay equity and a culture of inclusion. Equity in opportunities, advancement, and compensation is a business imperative, and we work hard to promote fair practices for all of our women and men. EY’s leadership is actively engaged in fostering gender equality at EY and in the marketplace. Facebook: At Facebook we value those who bring varying perspectives, for many reasons including background, community, culture, race, ethnicity - and gender. We call this cognitive diversity, and we want more of it. It propels our mission: to give people the power to share and make the world more open and connected. Facebook is a longtime supporter of equal pay. We regularly review our compensation practices to ensure pay equity, and have done so for many years. We complete thorough statistical analyses to compare the compensation of men and women performing similar work. As such, we are proud to share that at Facebook, men and women earn the same.  We encourage efforts to establish methods to close the wage gaps around the world. General Motors: General Motors is pleased to sign The White House Equal Pay Pledge. We believe strongly in gender equity, and we are dedicated to having a diverse and welcoming workplace that values the contributions of all employees. We know that a diverse workforce promotes fresh, innovative thinking that translates into both a competitive advantage for GM and winning products for our customers. To this end, among other efforts, GM has employee resource groups, whose mission is to attract, engage, develop and retain a diverse mix of talented employees to positively affect GM’s performance, through networking and professional development opportunities. GM is supporting this pledge because it reflects our shared belief that employees’ gender should not factor into compensation decisions. We believe that fair and equitable pay should be an essential element of any successful business model and are proud to stand with other companies that share this same value. The Hartford: At The Hartford, gender equality is a top business priority.  The Hartford prides itself on its diverse workforce and inclusive culture, and its commitment to equality for ALL employees. The Hartford, recently named as one of twenty-six firms on Bloomberg Financial Services Gender-Equality Index for demonstrating strong commitment to gender equality, is proud to take the next step in signing the White House’s Equal Pay Pledge.   The Hershey Company: At The Hershey Company, diversity and inclusion is a commitment that is embedded in who we are.  It’s about advancing our vision, our culture, and our environment, so everyone can bring a meaningful contribution.  As part of this commitment, we believe that discrimination has no place in our workforce, which is why we have a no-tolerance policy. Our policy is to extend opportunities and terms and conditions of employment to qualified applicants and employees on an equal basis regardless of an individual’s race, color, gender, age, national origin, religion, citizenship status, marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity, transgender status, physical or mental disability, protected veteran status, genetic information, pregnancy, or any other categories protected by applicable law.  For wages, this includes equal pay for equal work. Hilton: At Hilton, we are proud of our long history of supporting a diverse and inclusive workplace. Our goal is clear - we strive for an inclusive work environment that allows all of our Team Members to be comfortable bringing their entire selves to work every day.   Simply put, our culture is a reflection of the backgrounds, passions and perspectives of all of our Team Members around the world. To be the most hospitable company in the world, we must also represent the many different cultures, backgrounds and viewpoints of our guests, which includes supporting and empowering women at every level of our organization.  In fact, women make up more than 50 percent of our global workforce. In this regard, we are honored to join the White House in signing the Equal Pay Pledge.  We are committed to advancing our efforts in ensuring equity not only in our pay practices, but also across recruitment, learning and development, benefits, and our overall Team Member value proposition. In doing so, we continue to deliver on our promise of a great environment, great careers and great rewards for all of our Team Members. Supporting women in the workplace is part of who we are. In fact, we provide a wide-range of opportunities for women such as our Women’s Team Member Resource Group, Women’s Executive Networking Program, and Women in Leadership Excellence Program in partnership with the University of Virginia. Most recently, we were honored to be selected by DiversityInc as one of the Top 50 Companies for Diversity, the Human Rights Campaign rated us at 100 percent on their Corporate Equality Index, and Professional Woman’s Magazine named us as a Top Diversity Employer of Women. We were also chosen by the Pax Ellevate Global Women's Index Fund for being one of the highest-rated companies in the world for advancing women leadership. Additionally, we are committed to offering family-focused benefits across our hotels and offices, including our industry-leading maternity leave policy, flexible working environments, 10-day advanced scheduling, paid time off, and educational assistance. IBM: In 1935, IBM founder Thomas J. Watson Sr. said, "Men and women will do the same kind of work for equal pay. They will have the same treatment, the same responsibilities and the same opportunities for advancement." IBM established a broad equal opportunity policy more than a decade before the Civil Rights Act, and we have maintained and continually improved a formal pay analysis and adjustment process for women and minority employees for 40 years. And now, in IBM’s second century as a company, we remain firmly dedicated to providing fair pay based on job responsibilities and performance, which is critical to meeting today’s evolving business and technology challenges. IBM is proud to sign the White House’s Equal Pay pledge as another step in our long history of fostering fairness, diversity and inclusion in the workplace. IKEA US: IKEA is a values-driven company, and our approach to diversity and inclusion is grounded in our values. We believe in people and see each individual as a talent. We treat each other fairly and provide our co-workers with equal opportunities, regardless of their gender identity, age, sexual orientation, physical ability, ethnicity, race, nationality, or any other dimension of their identity. We know that each individual adds value to the team, and we are committed to creating an inclusive work environment that encourages our diverse and competent co-workers to be themselves, to apply their unique perspectives at work, and to assume responsibility for our growth. In addition to being the right thing to do, creating this environment also improves our business results and strengthens our competitiveness. Several years ago, IKEA launched a proactive global effort to increase the diversity of our workforce at all levels. As part of this, we took – and will continue to take – a hard look at all areas of gender equality, including workforce representation, hiring, career development, succession planning, promotion rates, and pay equity. Over the coming years, we will maintain a comprehensive approach to diversity and inclusion across the entire organization, including pay equality. We are proud to take the Equal Pay Pledge to ensure fairness for all our co-workers, and to join the many companies contributing to a better society by leading on this issue. Intel: Signing the Equal Pay Pledge for Intel is a natural extension of our longstanding commitment to paying our employees fairly and equitably at all levels of the organization. We hold ourselves accountable with data by conducting an annual, comprehensive audit of pay in the U.S. to analyze our employees' pay by gender and ethnicity. In 2015 we conducted a comprehensive compensation analysis examining gender pay parity for U.S. employees across job types and levels. The report showed a net result of 100% pay parity, and we're incredibly proud of this result. Our commitment to diversity comes from our conviction that reaching a critical mass of women and underrepresented minorities in our industry brings ample benefits to many. The Libra Group: The Libra Group heartily supports the Equal Pay Pledge. As an employer we are age, sex, orientation, race and religion blind. Yet we are acutely aware that the wage gap is very often a symptom of a broader opportunity gap that may affect some population groups more than others, notably women. So wage parity begins with opportunity parity, which is why so many of our group’s social responsibility programs focus on groups who are experiencing disproportionate lack of educational and career opportunity. In many cases this means providing work experience, or equipping under-served communities with the advice, mentoring, training and support they need to acquire leadership skills or get a new business off the ground. For the fortunate few we are able to break the cycle of disadvantage and give a helping hand – but there is still more to be done. In our experience tomorrow’s leaders emerge from the most unlikely places. Thus we believe that narrowing the pay gap depends on two things: a culture of equal opportunity and equal treatment within the work environment, combined with selective positive action and intervention to lift people out of endemic disadvantage and give them the chance they deserve. LinkedIn: LinkedIn's vision is to create economic opportunity for every member of the global workforce. We are committed to ensuring all of our employees have equal opportunities to succeed and be recognized for their accomplishments. At the core of economic opportunity is equal pay for equal work. We believe it is basic good business to ensure this is true within your own organization, and we regularly review and evaluate our pay practices to ensure our employees are compensated fairly. In addition, our ongoing focus on improving the gender diversity of our employee base continues to have meaningful impact with gains in women's representation in both technical and leadership roles over the last several years. The Women’s Initiative (WIN) within our Global Sales team and the Women in Technology initiative (WIT) within our Engineering and Product organizations have built a framework to successfully hire, retain, develop and advance women. We are committed to continuing to create diverse teams in an inclusive work environment where every person feels they truly belong and are paid fairly. MailChimp: Equal pay is an essential part of MailChimp’s culture of inclusion, and we’re grateful for the opportunity to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. We conduct annual pay and benefits analyses, in addition to focusing on fair hiring and interviewing practices, generous family leave policies, flexible work schedules, employee-led resource groups, leadership development opportunities for employees at every level, and meaningful corporate citizenship programs. It is unacceptable that women working full-time earn only 79 percent of what men earn, and unacceptable that the gap is even greater for women of color. MailChimp promises to do our part to close that gap. We are committed to empowering all of our employees and helping them succeed both within our organization and out in the world. Microsoft: Microsoft is proud to join others in the effort to drive greater pay equality among men and women, which is a critical component of social progress.  When women are fully engaged in our workforce and communities, society at large benefits from the great ideas and innovation that flourishes.  Our commitment to equal pay gives us the opportunity to attract and hire from a broader talent pool of the best employees, managers and leaders—while gaining important insights into consumers’ needs. In addition to gender pay equality, we are also committed to ensuring that all employees have equal opportunity. MuleSoft: MuleSoft has signed the Equal Pay Pledge as a testament to our continued commitment to creating a great place to work for everyone. MuleSoft has a long-standing commitment to equal opportunity, and we believe people should be paid equally for equal work and experience. We conduct an annual audit of our compensation, which we readily use to influence changes in our policies. Ensuring that we all have the same platform for opportunities, growth, and compensation is core to our ethos and success. We’re committed to providing a workplace where everyone is supported and inspired by the opportunity to build a successful company where we can do what we love and thrive. Nike: Today, we are proud to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge. At Nike, diversity is about acknowledging and valuing our differences and appreciating that everyone brings unique experiences, perspectives and ideas to the team. Investing in our employees to unleash their potential translates into a pipeline of new ideas, methods, and products that drive the future of sport. In keeping with our culture and what we stand for as an organization, we remain committed to equitable pay and rewarding performance across all roles, for all Nike team members. By signing the White House Equal Pay Pledge, we’re adding our voice to a movement that we hope will inspire positive change. Patagonia: Since they founded Patagonia in a small Tin Shed more than 40 years ago, Yvon and Malinda Chouinard have worked hard to build a culture where women and families thrive. Today, Patagonia continues to value and honor our working women with equal pay and opportunity. We believe women shouldn’t have to make the unnecessary choice between family and career and they can grow a career at the same pace as a family. At Patagonia, thanks to onsite child care, nursing moms are a few feet away from their babies versus miles apart. New moms and dads take paid time off to bond with and care for infants and families can eat breakfast and lunch together daily. We have an equal number of women and men at every level of the company, including among executive positions and the boardroom. Women and men are paid equally for comparable work. All of these things amount to a work environment where 100 percent of women return to work from maternity leave, 100 percent of dads take paid time off from work to bond with their new babies, and the business thrives as a result of the working families we support in our business. We also believe that there is so much more to be done to reinforce the true drivers of pay equality – such as paid maternity and paternity leave, quality on-site childcare, and a family-supportive work environment – which allow working moms and dads to continue to grow their family, career and income with equal opportunity. Patagonia commits to continuing to build on the progress we’ve made and supporting working families through every avenue possible as we continue to grow our business in line with the values we were founded on. “Women will never be able to effectively “lean in” without the proper economic, social and community support for the most critical work of all: raising children.” -Rose Marcario – CEO, Patagonia Target: At Target, we believe diversity and inclusivity make teams and Target better. We work to create a diverse and inclusive working environment and cultivate an inclusive guest experience, building a better Target for our team members and guests – and a better society for all. Target is honored to sign the White House Equal Pay Pledge and affirm our commitment to making pay equitable for everyone at Target, including women in the workplace. To achieve our goal of pay equity, we’ve implemented meaningful business practices, including continued leadership training designed, in part, to reduce the likelihood that leaders’ decisions are improperly influenced by bias or stereotyping.  We also use other internal measures, such as a comprehensive annual pay audit process, to ensure compensation is fair and equitable across the organization. Additionally, earlier this year, Target CEO Brian Cornell joined PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi to co-chair the Network of Executive Women’s Future Fund – an industry-wide campaign aimed at achieving 50/50 gender parity in the workforce. We’ve also earned a spot on the list for the Top Companies for Executive Women from the National Association for Female Executives for the past four years. We are proud of our internal initiatives and external partnerships, and we remain committed to improving pay processes and policies that ensure equality and fairness for all. Unilever: At Unilever, we strive to create a bright future and believe business has a critical part to play in closing the national gender gap. As part of our Unilever Sustainable Living Plan - which is our blueprint to grow our business, while decoupling our environmental footprint from our growth and increasing our positive social impact - we have the ambition to empower the lives of five million women by 2020. Unilever is in a strong position to help empower women around the world: over 70% of our consumers are women and they play essential roles in our value chain. Unilever is proud to take the Equal Pay Pledge and confirm our commitment to gender equality. We consider the advancement of women’s economic inclusion a business priority and by promoting the formal and active participation of women in the economy—we aim to transform lives, families, communities and economies and in turn, have the opportunity to grow our markets, brands and business. Over the past six years, Unilever has been in the process of making sure we have gender balance throughout our business. We are currently at 49% gender balance for managers and above in North America and continue to strive to foster an environment where each individual feels uniquely valued and has equal opportunities.  Unilever is committed to creating a working environment that promotes diversity and equal opportunity. We are proud to have developed an inclusive culture and respect the contribution of all employees regardless of gender, age, race, disability or sexual orientation.  Visa: Universal acceptance for everyone, everywhere is not only our brand promise, it’s the foundation of our company culture. Diversity and inclusion is a strategic imperative at Visa, and it requires equal pay for equal work. We regularly review our compensation practices and conduct thorough analyses to ensure pay equity. An inclusive workplace enhances and enriches our environment, successfully drives business results and leads to improved leadership effectiveness and employee engagement. We will continue to take meaningful steps to make progress in this important journey. And we’re proud to sign this pledge as way of affirming our commitment to pay equity for our female employees in the U.S. ### Share This: Twitter Facebook Email  Twitter Instagram Facebook Google+ Youtube More ways to engage Contact Us Email Home Briefing Room From the News Room Latest News Share-Worthy Photos Video Gallery Live Events Music & Arts Performances From the Press Office Your Weekly Address Speeches & Remarks Press Briefings Statements & Releases White House Schedule Presidential Actions Legislation Nominations & Appointments Disclosures Issues Popular Topics Supreme Court Nomination Criminal Justice Reform The Record Cuba See All Top Issues Civil Rights Climate Change Economy Education Foreign Policy Health Care Iran Deal Immigration Action More Defense Disabilities Ethics Equal Pay Homeland Security Reducing Gun Violence Rural Service More Seniors & Social Security Taxes Technology Trade Urban and Economic Mobility Veterans Women The Administration People President Barack Obama Vice President Joe Biden First Lady Michelle Obama Dr. Jill Biden The Cabinet Executive Office of the President Senior White House Leadership Other Advisory Boards Executive Offices Office of Management and Budget Office of Science and Technology Policy Council of Economic Advisers Council on Environmental Quality National Security Council See All Initiatives Lets Move Joining Forces Reach Higher My Brother's Keeper Precision Medicine Special Events State of the Union Inauguration Medal of Freedom Participate Digital Follow Us on Social Media We the Geeks Hangouts Mobile Apps Developer Tools Tools You Can Use Join Us Tours & Events Jobs with the Administration Internships White House Fellows Presidential Innovation Fellows United States Digital Service Leadership Development Program Speak Out We the People Petitions Contact the White House Citizens Medal Champions of Change 1600 Penn Inside the White House West Wing Tour Eisenhower Executive Office Building Tour Video Series Décor and Art Holidays See All History & Grounds Presidents First Ladies The Vice President's Residence & Office Eisenhower Executive Office Building Camp David Air Force One Our Government The Executive Branch The Legislative Branch The Judicial Branch The Constitution Federal Agencies & Commissions Elections & Voting State & Local Government Resources En Español Accessibility Copyright Information Privacy Policy USA.gov
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 ComingtoNetflix NYResolutionApps TrendsThatNeedtoDie AlexaSkills Home/ Forward Thinking/ Advances in USB, PCIe, InfiniBand and Redfish Point the Way Forward at IDF Advances in USB, PCIe, InfiniBand and Redfish Point the Way Forward at IDF By Michael J. Miller August 25, 2016 10 Comments It takes more than processors and memory to make a great computer. We need ways of plugging in additional components. For that, we look to consortiums and standards bodies to ensure compatibility and interoperability. It's great to see processors and components of computer systems advancing, as well as the memory that goes into such systems, but in the end, it takes a lot more to make great computer systems. We need ways of plugging in additional components, extending the memory, and making various machines talk to one another. For that, we often look to industry consortiums and standards bodies, who work to ensure compatibility and interoperability. But to advance the state of the art, all of these areas need to improve on a regular basis, and at last week's Intel Developer Forum, I was glad to see improvements coming in a lot of areas, including USB connections, the PCIe bus, the InfiniBand fabric, and the Redfish standard for data center management. One of the most notable changes is the transition to the USB-C connector, which is clearly underway in many of the new products I see—phones, tablets, and even laptops. At a session on USB-C, Intel's Brad Saunders talked about how by 2019, two billion devices using USB-C are expected to ship. This is a version of USB 3.1 that runs at 10 Gbps, but what's different with the newer designs is power delivery and a single cable to handle the traditional peripherals, power, and now even audio/video capabilities. One new step is that the USB Implementers Forum is rolling out a certified USB charger program, with its own logo, so that one charger can work with multiple devices. Even though the physical connector is the same for many devices, today not all chargers work with all devices. The chargers, which look pretty standard, will be designated by power capability, with 15-, 27-, 45-, and 60-watt versions anticipated. The idea here is to come up with vendor neutral chargers that work globally, which in the long run should result in fewer chargers that we all have to carry around with us. (Note that desktops will probably continue to do something different, but that hasn't been as much of an issue.) Perhaps the most interesting changes have to do with AV connections. At the show, Saunders described USB audio device class 3.0, a standard for delivery of digital audio via USB that is targeted to be finished later this quarter. The idea is to support the latest digital audio formats and compression while offering better power control, so the headphones don't use too much power. This is sometimes seen as a replacement for the standard 3.5mm audio jacks most PCs and mobile devices have; it's particularly interesting in light of rumors of products removing the audio jack. Meanwhile, members of the USB Implementers Forum had multiple demonstrations of audio and video delivered to monitors over USB cables. While USB typically doesn't have as much bandwidth as some of the other solutions, it seemed to work quite well for most things, short of supporting multiple 4K displays. For the PCI Express (PCIe) I/O bus, perhaps the big news is how quickly PCIe-based SSDs are gaining market share in servers. Al Yanes, chairman of PCI-SIG, talked about how PCIe SSDs, and particularly those that use NVMe (the non-volatile memory express) protocol are growing as a percentage of the storage market, and how this is necessary for faster connections to storage. Looking forward, the big news is PCIe 4.0, the latest specification, which allows up to 16 Gigatransfers/sec (16GT/s), twice as fast as the current PCIe 3.0 specification. This is expected to be in wide deployment in servers next year, though Mellanox previewed its ConnectX-5 network adapter in its booth at the show. Tying larger systems together is the province of various fabrics. One of the leaders in the high-performance category is InfiniBand. I met with the InfiniBand Trade Association and the Open Fabrics Alliance, and they pushed both Infiniband and an Ethernet solution, RoCE (Remote Direct Memory Access over Converged Ethernet). Mellanox and Emulex have been pushing RoCE, and it seems to be getting support in more servers, as it offers low latency and CPU overhead while pushing higher bandwidth for large scale computing. In the HPC market, InfiniBand is primarily competing with Intel's own OmniPath fabric, but the Infiniband group says systems based on Infiniband include 41 percent of the Top 500 supercomputers and 70 percent of the HPC systems segment. The InfiniBand Trade Association talked about how it is working on a new specification called High Data Rate (HDR), to come out over the next couple of years, which would allow up to 200 Gbps on a 4 lane link. This will likely compete with Intel's Silicon Photonics products for rack-to-rack connectivity. For managing large numbers of physical servers, some of the most interesting technology is the Redfish standard of the Distributed Management Task Force (DMTF). Essentially, this is an API that allows software to manage hardware from multiple vendors. At the show, members of the DMTF, such as Emerson, showed off how the software could handle a variety of equipment within a data center, with new APIs focusing on storage management, firmware updates, and PCIe switch and device management. The new parts of the specification are expected to be released later this quarter. Redfish is designed to replace the older Intelligent Platform Management Interface (IPMI) and DCMI (Data Center Manageability Interface) standards for server and data center management. The Open Compute Project is also developing its own specifications for managing for scale-out computing. All of the standards require the cooperation of multiple vendors—sometimes a handful, but often hundreds—as they set the rules necessary for making products work together. As a result, they tend to be fairly conservative, and don't move all that quickly. Still, we need this cooperation to move the industry forward, and it's good to see progress on so many fronts. Back to top By Michael J. Miller Michael J. Miller's Forward Thinking Blog: forwardthinking.pcmag.com Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. From 1991 to 2005, Miller was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine, responsible for the editorial direction, quality and presentation of the world's largest computer publication. Until late 2006, Miller was the Chief Content Officer for Ziff Davis Media, responsible for overseeing the editorial positions of Ziff Davis's magazines, websites, and events. As Editorial Director for Ziff Davis Publishing since 1997, Miller took an active role in... More » More Stories by Michael Living with an Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe Mid-range phones have gotten a lot better over the past few years—you can now find an Android ... More » PCs and Windows Look to Big Changes in 2017 Personal computers will probably never again be as hot a category as they were a decade or two ago, ... More » The Road to 7nm Processors Moore's Law is slower than it used to be, but plans by major chip makers show it's far from dead. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Subscribe //Most Popular Articles What to Expect at CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions Tech Trends That Need to Die in 2017 Hatchimals and 7 Other Foul-Mouthed Toys Everything Coming to Netflix in January The Tech Stories That Awed, Disturbed, and Excited Us in 2016 »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Ericsson leads cloud transformation of public sector in Estonia  Ericsson to lead public-private consortium in deployment and operation of hybrid cloud environment  Project will enhance scalability, resilience and security of e-society services in Estonia  Ericsson to deploy Ericsson Hyperscale Datacenter System 8000, Ericsson Cloud Execution Environment, Apcera Trusted Cloud Platform and integration services WEBWIRE – Friday, August 26, 2016 Ericsson (NASDAQ: ERIC) has been selected by the State Infocommunication Foundation (RIKS) in Estonia to lead the deployment and operation of a hybrid cloud environment. The solution will enhance the scalability, resilience and data security of a wide range of e-society services in the country. The project will be led by Ericsson and delivered through a public-private consortium that includes State Infocommunication Foundation (RIKS), Ericsson, EMC, Telia, OpenNode and Cybernetica. The partners will create and operate a hybrid cloud solution that provides a DevOps environment.  With the scalable and future-proof hybrid cloud infrastructure and platform as a service, the governmental agencies, municipalities or state-owned companies are able to focus on development of their services instead of building and maintaining their own server capabilities. By combining private and public cloud infrastructure, the solution will ensure continuity and security for e-society services such as tax reporting and online health care advice, while maximizing resource efficiency and accessibility. Laur Lemendik, RIKS CEO: Cloud services technologies and hybrid cloud solutions particularly are developing at extremely high pace. State Infocommunication Foundation is very pleased to start cooperation with leading technology providers, a group of companies lead by Ericsson. We have reason to believe, that thanks to concession agreement all parties are motivated to deliver best services to Estonian citizens, by combining most up to date technologies from leading cloud solution providers. As the lead partner, Ericsson will deploy Ericsson Hyperscale Datacenter System 8000 - built on Intel® Rack Scale Design - along with Ericsson Cloud Execution Environment, Apcera Trusted Cloud Platform for secure application lifecycle management and associated integration services. Ericssons solutions incorporate Guardtimes Keyless Signature Infrastructure (KSI), a blockchain platform for ensuring the integrity of systems, networks and data at industrial scale. Charlotta Sund, Head of Customer Group Industry and Society, Ericsson, says: Tech-savvy citizens, a proactive ICT sector and supportive policies have made Estonia one of the worlds best-connected countries. This enables vital services to be delivered more efficiently through ICT - but the right infrastructure is essential. As this agreement shows, Ericssons industry-leading cloud portfolio delivers the security and scalability required to drive transformation and realize the full potential of e-society services for people and governments everywhere. In 2014, Estonia launched digital ID cards for online services and was the first country to offer e-residency - a transnational digital identity available to anyone in the world interested in operating a location-independent business online.   NOTES TO EDITORS For media kits, backgrounders and high-resolution photos, please visit www.ericsson.com/press Ericsson is the driving force behind the Networked Society - a world leader in communications technology and services. Our long-term relationships with every major telecom operator in the world allow people, business and society to fulfill their potential and create a more sustainable future. Our services, software and infrastructure - especially in mobility, broadband and the cloud - are enabling the telecom industry and other sectors to do better business, increase efficiency, improve the user experience and capture new opportunities. With approximately 115,000 professionals and customers in 180 countries, we combine global scale with technology and services leadership. We support networks that connect more than 2.5 billion subscribers. Forty percent of the worlds mobile traffic is carried over Ericsson networks. And our investments in research and development ensure that our solutions - and our customers - stay in front. Founded in 1876, Ericsson has its headquarters in Stockholm, Sweden. Net sales in 2015 were SEK 246.9 billion (USD 29.4 billion). Ericsson is listed on NASDAQ OMX stock exchange in Stockholm and the NASDAQ in New York. www.ericsson.com  www.ericsson.com/news www.twitter.com/ericssonpress www.facebook.com/ericsson www.youtube.com/ericsson ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/204888/204888-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID204888 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Computer Networks Electronics High Tech Security Internet Technology Telecommunications Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2017 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Marking DRI1 Drivers As Legacy & "Broken" Being Debated Written by Michael Larabel in Linux Kernel on 26 August 2016 at 09:14 AM EDT. 28 Comments Earlier this month David Herrmann sent out two kernel patches to hide "legacy" DRM drivers behind a new Kconfig switch and make these DRI1 drivers depend upon the kernel's "BROKEN" option. Not all are happy about these patches. 3dfx Banshee/Voodoo3+, Intel i810, Matrox G200/G400, SiS, VIA, and Savage graphics card code would be hidden a CONFIG_DRM_LEGACY Kconfig option. Herrmann explained, "Lets move forward and hide the remaining DRI1 drivers behind a config option, so we have a central place to disable them all. Furthermore, we can provide a clear warning to anyone enabling them." In his second patch, he makes the DRM legacy drivers depend upon the kernel's "BROKEN" option. David explained of that, "The legacy DRI1 drivers expose highly broken interfaces to user-space. No modern system should enable them, or you will effectively allow user-space to circumvent most of your kernel security measures. The DRI1 kernel APIs are simply broken. User-space can always use vesafb/efifb/simplefb and friends to get working graphics. Lets hide the old drivers behind CONFIG_BROKEN. In case they turn out to be still used (really?), we can easily revert this and figure out a way to move them out of sight (e.g., moving all DRI1 drivers to drivers/gpu/dri1/)." These patches aren't about dropping the drivers from the kernel at this time, simply marking them as broken/legacy as they haven't been touched by developers in a number of years and they don't fit with modern Linux graphics technologies. However, they will now be hidden from those building the kernel unless they are looking out for these legacy switch and acknowledging the "broken" status. The patches were received positively by upstream developers earlier this month while now there's a bit of drama over the patches. In user-space, the old Mesa drivers were dropped years ago from the Mesa tree but users can continue to load those old DRI1 drivers on a modern system due to the stable ABI. Connor Behan who maintains some DRI1 Mesa driver packages still for Arch has come out against it. He commented, "The drivers were removed from mesa and 'you won't have to freeze your kernel or anything' was one of the justifications given at the time for why this wasn't a bad idea. So yes, I have dri1 packages in the Archlinux repos with no plans to drop them. The people who have emailed me about them and filed bugs are probably much less than 1% of the user base but I've never considered that relevant. The point is that hobbyists who want to use old hardware or play with seldomly updated drivers should be able to do this without too many additional hurdles." Kevin Brace, the lone developer still working on the OpenChrome DDX driver, has also written his thoughts against it with an anti-consumerism rant. He doesn't want to see VIA DRI1 support demoted/dropped unless some experienced developers help in bringing up the OpenChrome DRM/KMS driver and also writing EXA/DRI2 for OpenChrome. Considering how long the VIA open-source code has been rotting away without any interest from the veteran open-source graphics driver developers, that's probably unlikely. Those interested can continue the thread here. 28 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Linux Kernel News Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 WireGuard Secure Network Tunnel Is Eyeing Mainline, Running On Android Early Benchmarks Of Linux 4.10 Show Some Improvements & Regressions For Core i7-6800K The Most Viewed Linux Kernel News Stories Of 2016 BUS1 Didn't Land This Year, But It's Making Progress Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Leadership These tech companies are offering internships for 40-something moms The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jena McGregor August 26, 2016 Follow @jenamcgregor IBM is one of several adding mid-career internships to try and boost the number of professional tech women in their ranks. (Photo by Sean Gallup/Getty Images) Tech companies have tried everything to boost the low numbers of women in their ranks. Massive grants aimed at high-tech scholarships for girls and students of color. Longer parental leave perks for new moms and dads. Even benefits that pay for women who want to delay childbearing to freeze their eggs. Now a growing number of both large and small tech companies are borrowing an idea from Wall Street banks: The "returnship," which brings in mid-career women (and men) who've taken time out of the workplace to care for family, offering them a path back to the office. On Tuesday, a nonprofit called Path Forward announced that six San Francisco-based tech companies, including domain registrar GoDaddy, customer service software maker Zendesk and grocery delivery outfit Instacart, will offer 18-week internships for about 20 mid-career professionals starting in October. While the program is open to men who have spent at least two years out of the workplace as a caregiver, it is expected to be filled largely by women. It is aimed at helping interns confront the stigma they face about time away. Also tech companies get a chance to improve their reputation as places that too many women leave. "If you're wanting more women at the senior level, this is a way to jump-start that," said Tami Forman, the executive director of Path Forward. Forman said there's been enough interest from other companies that she plans to start two to three more groups of these untraditional interns (who, yes, are paid) in several cities early next year, each with six to 10 tech companies. The nonprofit was spun out of the New York-based email software firm Return Path, which started its own mid-career internship program last year -- Forman is a former marketing vice president there -- and now helps bring that program, which includes training and networking opportunities for the group of interns to other tech companies. Path Forward's announcement follows another recent effort by seven technology and engineering companies -- including IBM, Intel and General Motors -- to run internships designed for women who've taken time away. The programs at these companies began this year and are part of an effort launched by the Society for Women Engineers and iRelaunch, a "career reentry firm" that runs a conference on returning to work sponsored by finance companies that have similar programs, such as Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan and Goldman Sachs. The latter firm kicked off the trend back in 2008 and even trademarked the phrase "returnship." Carol Fishman Cohen, iReLaunch's CEO, said her conference acts as something of a recruiting hub for those existing programs, and "it occurred to us we should take the concept to another sector." She approached the Society of Women Engineers to establish a task force last year that would try and "replicate what we saw in financial services." In tech, she says, "there’s a lack of women at every level of the organization and they’re looking for more ways to hire more of them and fill that pipeline." Cohen said men are eligible to apply, but most applicants for the established programs have tended to be women in their 40s or even 50s who've left the workforce to be a caregiver.  Some tech companies have long offered flexible leave policies or extended sabbaticals that help their own employees return after a break. But these newer mid-career internships, says Laura Sherbin, director of research for the think tank Center for Talent Innovation (CTI), offer certain advantages. For one, it exposes employers to outside talent. And in an industry like tech, where the pace of change is faster and more disruptive than in others, the low-risk bet on hiring an intern for 12 or 18 weeks can help erase the bias many managers have about people whose resumes have glaring holes on them. "There's a huge stigma to time off in the tech industry," Sherbin said. "There's a perception that tech passes us by even on a maternity leave, and if you've had time out of the workforce you're hugely behind. Tie that in with the bias you do see about tech workers who have a little bit of gray hair," and it's and industry particularly primed for managers who might look past candidates -- even skilled ones -- who have been out of the workforce. Steven Aldrich, chief product officer of GoDaddy, said that's one thing that attracted his company to the idea. "The company has a chance to try the employee, in a way, and see their fit with the company, and it's a win for the working parent coming back into the workforce to come in and get experience," he said. "Those things are really challenging [when someone] comes straight back in."  The tech industry is also trying to plug an especially leaky pipeline. According to 2008 data from the CTI, 52 percent of women with experience in the science, engineering or tech fields chose to leave their fields over time. Another 2013 study, meanwhile, compared women in multiple professions and found that after the first 12 years of their careers, 50 percent of women in science, engineering and tech were working in other occupations, while only about 20 percent of the other women switched industries over their entire careers. Running internships for returning parents could also help send a message to younger workers. With these programs, Cohen says, "what companies are signaling to their youngest employees and the people in their 20s is that they understand that employees may take a career break -- and we want to welcome you back."  If hiring rates are any test, such "returnships" appear successful. At Goldman Sachs, almost half of the 150 people who have gone through its program since 2008 were hired for full-time jobs; Cohen says that hire rates tend to be between 50 and 90 percent in established programs, and at the high end of that range for the tech firms so far. A spokeswoman for PayPal, which ran a program for nine interns in the U.S. called "Recharge," with the help of Forman's group earlier this year, said that seven of the nine were offered jobs. And all six of the "Tech Re-Entry" interns working in analytics at IBM this spring, who had been out of the workforce for anywhere from two to 10 years, were recommended for full-time employment. Five have accepted jobs and the sixth is currently in final interviews at the technology giant. "We're increasingly looking for creative ways to bring women back to the workforce who we know are incredibly competitive," said Lindsay-Rae McIntyre, IBM's chief diversity officer. She said the company is looking to expand the program. Still, while success rates for participants tend to be high, the effect such programs will have on moving the needle -- either for the number of mid-career women in tech or the number of parents wanting to get back to work after child rearing -- could be limited. For one, the programs tend to be relatively small. Several of the pilot programs included internships for just a handful of people -- GoDaddy is hiring three interns, and there were nine in the first group at PayPal -- and iRelaunch's Cohen says existing programs tend to number 20 or 30 interns a year. Meanwhile, the programs are largely limited to fields where job demand is already strong, such as tech and finance, and do little to help those trying to get back to work in struggling industries or those with an abundant supply of workers looking for jobs. Forman said she's heard of an effort to do a "returnship"-style program in the advertising field, but it didn't take off. "The problem with that industry and industries like it is there's 10 people lined up for every job," she said. And in those industries where they could help bring in a few more women, warns CTI's Sherbin, hiring them only goes so far. Even programs that hire every mid-career intern they bring in won't make much progress on diversity if they don't also work to improve "bro" cultures that are hostile or toxic to anyone who's different. "You may get them in," she says, "but they’re going to be very very short hires. Diversity for the sake of having butts in seats doesn’t do us all that much good."  Read also: How the 'glass ceiling' became such a powerful -- and problematic -- metaphor The secret to getting more women to the top could be giving fathers more time off Like On Leadership? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and subscribe to our podcast on iTunes. business on-leadership on-leadership true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section. Follow @jenamcgregor Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 Lawsuit: Dude ranch owner asked chef for ‘black people food’ 2 The dirty secret about your clothes 3 Elon Musk’s SpaceX says it has found cause of rocket explosion and plans to fly again Sunday 4 What history tells us about your investments in 2017 5 With enough evidence, even skepticism will thaw Market Watch DJIA -0.29% NASDAQ -0.9% Get quote Last Update: 01/02/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business on-leadership on-leadership Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Enterprise > Exclusive: ItzCash in talks with several fintech mobile companies for potential investment Exclusive: ItzCash in talks with several fintech mobile companies for potential investment August 26, 2016  | Bruhadeeswaran R Tweet | 0 Comments Naveen Surya,MD,  ItzCash Mumbai-based digital payments facilitator ItzCash is in talks with several mobile application firms for making a strategic investment, said a top company executive. The company, which would turn profitable in FY2016-17, is looking for firms specialising in fintech mobile applications which can be scaled with further investments. It is open to explore options including acquisition, strategic investment and joint ventures, said ItzCash managing director Naveen Surya. At present, the company operates in three verticals—digital payments, remittance and corporate business. It offers prepaid card, money transfer and wallet to retails consumers. It works with corporates providing cash management services, online payment gateway and gifting solutions. Bhavik Vasa, chief growth officer, said the company is looking to enter the payment gateway aggregator space and would be open to inorganic opportunities in this space as well. “We would fund the investments through cash accruals,” he said. The Essel Group company, established in 2006, is backed by Matrix Partners, Lightspeed Venture and Intel Capital. Bharat Bill Payments Operating Unit In July, the company received an in-principle approval from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to operate as a Bharat Bill Payments Operating Unit (BBPOU), which has been proposed as an integrated system that will provide anytime anywhere payment options to customers by pulling all bills and payment options onto a single platform. Betting big on the BBPOU, the company is expecting a 40-50% growth in its top-line in the next three years. Recently, the firm has formed partnerships such as the one with hotel aggregator OYO and aims to double its booking volume to Rs 400 crore by FY2017-18. It recently partnered with online entertainment ticketing provider BookMyShow and live TV platform DittoTV. It expects revenues from the entertainment segment to grow about 40% year on year and is aiming to grow its booking volume to over Rs 5,000 crore by FY2017-18 from Rs 3,000 crore currently. It has presence across diverse sectors, including media and entertainment, tourism, packaging, publishing and broadcasting and financial services. Profitability The company is expecting to become EBIDTA positive in Q1 FY2016-17. It reported revenues of Rs 200 crore in FY2015-16 and targets to generate Rs 270 crore in the current financial year. The company charges a fee of 1.5% to 2% on a per transaction basis. ItzCash has issued 110 million accounts to date. It caters to 35 million consumers annually and has over 75,000 franchisees in more than 3000 cities and towns. It processes 50 crore transactions worth Rs 32 crore daily. The company, which has crossed Rs 50,000 crore worth of cumulative gross payment volume for bill payments to date, expects to cross Rs 15,000 crore of gross payments across 40 million customers in FY2016-17. The firm raised $10.3 million in funding from Matrix Partners, Intel Capital and Lightspeed Venture Partners in July 2009. Previously, it netted $9.3 million in funding from Intel Capital and Matrix Partners in 2007. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Bharat Bill Payments Operating Unit (BBPOU), Bhavik Vasa, Essel Group, Intel Capital, ItzCash, Lightspeed Venture Partners, Matrix Partners, Naveen Surya Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Practo makes fifth acquisition, buys analytics startup Enlightiks B2B marketplace OfBusiness raises $11 mn from Zodius Capital, Matrix Partners One funded Indian tech startup shut shop every 10 days this year More in videos » Infrastructure, steel segments are poised to gain momentum, say ministers   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Guest on 2016-12-22 21:06:31 “What would you rather have? Isn’t it better to have periods of massive employme... Rohan on 2016-12-21 19:40:50 Great stuff... this fills up a big need gap considering the number of options on... manoj singh on 2016-12-21 14:35:36 Great app...I think have found "The ONE", Thanks to heartonnect.... Trust Site on 2016-12-20 15:35:33 In fact, the fashion world has always been a playground for technological disrup... Sumitendra on 2016-12-19 13:06:05 Surely the at home -beauty services market is getting a lot of attention these s... Exclusive: Building materials marketplace Buildzar shuts down Layoffs at Indian Internet businesses touch 10,000 Exclusive: Meet the finalists of the UberPITCH 2016 challenge Exclusive: Shaadi.com acquires dating app Frivil Flipkart loss widens in FY16, revenue jumps 50% Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
  Guru3D.com Forums > General > Operating Systems Games hitching in Windows 10 but not 7 - help needed :) User Name Remember Me? Password Operating Systems Is Windows 8.1 giving you a hard time ? Wanna try out Windows 10 ?   Thread Tools Display Modes Games hitching in Windows 10 but not 7 - help needed :)   (#1) PapaJohn Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX 750 Ti 2Gb Processor: i3 530@2.93Ghz Mainboard: MSI 7616 Memory: 4 Gb 1333Mhz CL9 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: EVGA 550W G2 Games hitching in Windows 10 but not 7 - help needed :) - 08-26-2016, 09:28 | posts: 137 Hi, I have low end hardware so I'm realistic about what I can run and at what sort of detail but I appear to have an issue running any games smoothly on Windows 10 whereas on Windows 7 those same games run absolutely fine and I'm hoping that with your help I can get to the bottom of it. I'm dual booting both 7 and 10 from the same SSD with a slow ass 1Tb Caviar Green holding my games (Parking altered to 300 seconds from the default 8) I'm currently running the same OLD gfx driver 347.25 on both 7 and 10 for consistency in my testing but it's important to note that I have tried with the very latest driver on 10 with exactly the same results (even after using DDU) Chipset drivers have been installed automatically for both but 7 does not install Intel Management Engine and as os is running smoothly in games I have left it alone. Windows 10 is the anniversary edition from a clean install and shows no resource violations when I run an sfc/scannow check. I don't bluescreen on 10, it runs edge/youtube/internet browsing just fine bar the existing bugs it is purely just games that seem to have a hitching issue. A prime example, the old unity game "Rochard" has hitches at specific points on it's levels whilst playing on 10. On 7 these same hitches are nowhere to be seen - again, using the same hardware and graphics driver. And this is the same story again and again across all titles. 10 hitches at points, 7 runs things smoothly within the restrictions that the old hardware allows. Even hearthstone has stutters and delays on windows 10 whereas again on 7, it's a flawless experience as you would expect from a 2D card game. The graphics card appears to be hitting the same clocks in both os and the CPU does not display any issues either. Really interested in your thoughts and hope to gain some insight as to what is going on here. Thanks     PapaJohn View Public Profile Find all posts by PapaJohn     (#2) Darren Hodgson Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080 FTW Processor: Intel Core i7-4770K Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe v2103 Memory: 16GB Corsair Veng 1600MHz Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: XFX PRO Black Ed. 850W 08-26-2016, 14:18 | posts: 14,526 | Location: England Hitching and stuttering in games can be extremely annoying, more so if the game was previously running fine then isn't after an upgrade. Windows 10 will have different background processes to 7 and may have even configured your pagefile differently. I would suggest trying setting the pagefile to a fixed size on your SSD and disable the one on the slower hard drive and see if this improves things. I would also check what stuff is running in the background while playing the game. Try doing a clean boot with everything disabled at bootup except for the Microsoft services. Also, disable any anti-virus etc software that might be running (and add exceptions to them so they doesn't scan the folders where your games are). You can re-enable stuff one at a time and test the games to see if a particular one might be causing the issue on your system.     Darren Hodgson View Public Profile Find all posts by Darren Hodgson   (#3) primetime^ Master Guru     Videocard: XFX280DD flashed to Black Processor: X5670@4.2Ghz Ultra-120Ext Mainboard: Asus P6T Delux v1 Memory: 12gb Patriot ddr3 1600 Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: Black Widow 850 08-26-2016, 20:40 | posts: 779 | Location: SC Sounds like some kind of nvidia driver issue to me. You should always try to run the newest driver available for your card in most case anyway! You can also try adjusting settings in your power profile and set cpu to max performance. Every once in a while, you end up with a cpu that doesn't turbo properly when the game needs max performance!     primetime^ View Public Profile Find all posts by primetime^   (#4) mbk1969 Ancient Guru   Videocard: GeForce GTX 970 Processor: I7-4930 Mainboard: Asus p9x79 Memory: G Skill RipjawZ, 16GB Soundcard: Onboard + FiiO E17 PSU: 1000 W 08-26-2016, 20:47 | posts: 2,928 | Location: Moscow, Russia Did you check the power mode in NV CPL? What if it differs in Win7 (say adaptive) and Win10 (say optimal power)?     mbk1969 View Public Profile Find all posts by mbk1969     (#5) Darren Hodgson Ancient Guru     Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080 FTW Processor: Intel Core i7-4770K Mainboard: ASUS Z87 Deluxe v2103 Memory: 16GB Corsair Veng 1600MHz Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: XFX PRO Black Ed. 850W 08-26-2016, 22:41 | posts: 14,526 | Location: England The Shader Cache under NVIDIA control panel > Profile settings has been know to cause issues with some games so it might be worth turning that off if setting maximum performance as mbk1969 suggests does not work. Also, I would suggest installing the latest chipset drivers manually, reinstalling the driver clean after using DDU to remove it and even try reinstalling the DirectX 9.0c Redistributable (since it has components older games might need and isn't installed by default on Windows 10, or so I've read but don't quote me). Make a system restore point first though before changing anything.     Darren Hodgson View Public Profile Find all posts by Darren Hodgson   (#6) PapaJohn Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX 750 Ti 2Gb Processor: i3 530@2.93Ghz Mainboard: MSI 7616 Memory: 4 Gb 1333Mhz CL9 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: EVGA 550W G2 08-27-2016, 16:15 | posts: 137 OK thanks guys for your input so far. I have clean reinstalled both 7 and 10, dual booting from the SSD for the os's. Games are running from the 1tb Caviar Green. Chipset drivers are the default ones installed with both os's. I'm now running the latest Nvidia driver on both systems for a consistent platform from which to diagnose issues. The trouble with updating chipset drivers is that the motherboard/processor is that old I have no clue which ones are the latest, compatible ones to use. I'm hesitant to even change any at all on Windows 7 as it runs perfectly fine. 10 is the problem. The pagefile it uses as default is a lower size than 7 but it never gets touched/resized/altered throughout any attempts to game on it so I really don't think that's the issue. EDIT - Does anyone have an idea on which chipset drivers and Intel Management Driver I should be installing for my setup on a Windows 10 computer? Last edited by PapaJohn; 08-27-2016 at 16:22.     PapaJohn View Public Profile Find all posts by PapaJohn   (#7) Agent-A01 Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980Ti SLI H20 Processor: i7 5930k 4.7GHz H20 Mainboard: ASUS X99-A Memory: G.Skill 4x8GB 3200C12 Soundcard: Xonar Phoebus-PC360/HD598 PSU: EVGA P2-1200W 08-27-2016, 17:24 | posts: 8,523 | Location: USA Assuming your specs are up to date on left, here is MEI http://www.mediafire.com/download/ik...1.0.5.1189.rar update in device manager. Chipset not necessary but here is latest for your platform. https://mega.nz/#!lFdB1aoK!oD8FieeuL...HDhMKOkMUYX7ks On latest bios?     Agent-A01 View Public Profile Find all posts by Agent-A01   (#8) TheRyuu Member Guru   Videocard: EVGA GTX 1080 Processor: i7-4771 Mainboard: Asus Z87-Pro Memory: 16GB DDR3-1600 Soundcard: FiiO E10K DAC PSU: Corsair 750W 08-27-2016, 18:35 | posts: 107 Quote: Originally Posted by Darren Hodgson Windows 10 will have different background processes to 7 and may have even configured your pagefile differently. I would suggest trying setting the pagefile to a fixed size on your SSD and disable the one on the slower hard drive and see if this improves things. This is unlikely to change anything at least the pagefile stuff isn't. You can pretty safely leave that thing on default. It may just be the older hardware not running very well on Windows 10. That being said W10 shouldn't really be that much more demanding (if any). I can't remember how much RAM Win7 used but W10 might actually use less.     TheRyuu View Public Profile Find all posts by TheRyuu   (#9) primetime^ Master Guru     Videocard: XFX280DD flashed to Black Processor: X5670@4.2Ghz Ultra-120Ext Mainboard: Asus P6T Delux v1 Memory: 12gb Patriot ddr3 1600 Soundcard: Creative Sound Blaster Z PSU: Black Widow 850 08-27-2016, 23:24 | posts: 779 | Location: SC Quote: Originally Posted by TheRyuu This is unlikely to change anything at least the pagefile stuff isn't. You can pretty safely leave that thing on default. It may just be the older hardware not running very well on Windows 10. That being said W10 shouldn't really be that much more demanding (if any). I can't remember how much RAM Win7 used but W10 might actually use less. About the ram yes and No......If your pc has extra ram win 10 will use MUCH more ram than 7. But yea it uses it sparingly if your pc has a low amount.Its kinda cool how it does that! OP probably just needs to set his power saving to high performance is my guess!     primetime^ View Public Profile Find all posts by primetime^   (#10) PapaJohn Member Guru   Videocard: MSI GTX 750 Ti 2Gb Processor: i3 530@2.93Ghz Mainboard: MSI 7616 Memory: 4 Gb 1333Mhz CL9 Soundcard: Onboard PSU: EVGA 550W G2 08-29-2016, 13:15 | posts: 137 OK for now I seem to have sorted it by using the NVidia driver installed automatically with 10. Any newer or older ones seems to cause hitching. Windows 7 appears to work fine with any Nvidia driver. Thanks for the help guys, I'll update if anything changes or I face any more issues     PapaJohn View Public Profile Find all posts by PapaJohn « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
null

M Monday, Jan 02 2017 | Updated at 09:11 PM EST Stay Connected With Us F T R Opinion Academics Students Special Reports Sports Finance Tech Career College Aug 25, 2016 10:28 AM EDT By Marilyn B. Stewart, UniversityHerald Reporter Microsoft Surface Pro 5, Microsoft Surface Book 2 Release In Spring 2017? Kaby Lake Processors, USB Type-C Port, 4K Graphic Support, 1TB Internal Storage More Likely Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is expected to feature either Intel’s sixth or seventh generation Kaby Lake processor, a USB Type-C port and a new and improved battery. (Photo : Andrew Burton/Getty Images) Microsoft Surface Pro 5 and Microsoft Surface Book 2 are reportedly in the works but Microsoft has not confirmed or denied its development. However, this has not stopped rumors on the specs of the devices from spreading. Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is expected to feature either Intel's sixth or seventh generation Kaby Lake processor, a USB Type-C port and a new and improved battery. Rumors surfaced that the high end Microsoft Surface Pro 5 tablet that is a laptop hybrid will carry a 2K screen. However, a version that could support 4K graphics will also be available. The memory capacity of Microsoft Surface Pro 5 is said to be upgradable up to 16GB of RAM, Tech Times reported. Other components of the device can also be upgraded such as the camera, Wifi, Bluetooth and the Surface Pen. The Microsoft Surface Pen is suggested to have a rechargeable battery that could be charged wirelessly. Meanwhile, Microsoft Surface Book 2 is also suggested to equip the seventh generation Kaby Lake processor and will support 3D and 4K as well as VR displays, The Christian Times reported. The device will also sport 16GB of RAM with up to 1TB of internal storage capacity, reportedly. Microsoft Surface Book 2 is also expected to support a USB Type-C port connectors and ThunderBolt 3 ports. News about Microsoft's plans for the Microsoft Surface Pro and Microsoft Surface Book lines was intensified when the developer named Shubhan Chemburkar posted a photo of a wall from Microsoft's building 88. The photo depicted a Surface placeholder with labels 2016 and coming soon. Three other devices that has 2017 labels on them were also revealed. Microsoft Surface devices are rumored to be released alongside Windows 10 Redstone 2 operating system. Speculations also arise that the Surface devices might be deployed around the same time as Windows 10's second major update in Spring 2017. Both devices are expected to sell at $900 to $1500. Tags Microsoft, microsoft surface pro 5, Microsoft Surface Book 2, kaby lake processor, USB Type-C, RAM © 2016 University Herald, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Verizon Wireless Update: Here’s How To Avoid Overhead Costs With Samsung Galax ... Watch Out For ‘No Man’s Sky’ 1.05, Series Of Patches, [WARNING] It’s Not ... 'Harry Potter Go' Update: 'Pokemon Go' Inspired Trailer Reaches Niantic Labs; Ga ... 'Pokemon Go' Ban Emails: Reasons Why You Are More Likely To Receive The 'Ban' Em ... LG AI Robot Domination Lineup: 3 Bots Underway; Alexa AI Joins LG Robot Crew On ... Join the Conversation Must Read 4 Conversation Topics That Will Dominate 2017 Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTThese four topics will dominate conversations and discussions this year. ... Elon Musk 2017: SpaceX Founder May Be Leaving Boring Company Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTHere are predictions that may happen with the Tesla and SpaceX founder, Elon Musk. ... Ryan Seacrest’s Life: A University Of Georgia Journalism Graduate Who Makes $65 Million Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTAmerican Idol celebrity Ryan Seacrest makes $65 million per year after his higher education. ... NASA Chief Scientist Ellen Stofan Leaves Agency For Other 'Adventures' Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTEllen Stofan resigned as NASA's chief scientist. ... Most Popular Xiaomi All Set For Redmi Note 4S in 2017: Note packs 4GB RAM & Features MediaTek Helio X20 SoC Dec 31, 2016 AM ESTChinese company Xiaomi is pitching again for another device and it is speculated that it will be revealed next year as it has been recently listed on ... iPhone 8 Revolution: Everything You Must Know Why You Should Skip iPhone 7 For Apple’s 10th Anniversary iPhone Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTiPhone 8 will be packed with iOS 10.3 Theater Mode, 4.8- to 5.8-inch OLED Curved Display, All-Glass Design, Wireless Charging, Theater Mode and the ... Redmi 4 Prime Review: 4 Reasons to Stick with Your Redmi 3S Prime Dec 30, 2016 AM ESTXiaomi is fancy of launching budget Android smartphones including the latest addition in the Redmi family, Redmi 4 Prime. Here's why the older handset ... Nvidia Quadro P6000 Solution Outperforms Titan X In Gaming Benchmarks; Geforce GTX 1080 Ti Fully Utilizing GP102 Core - Best Graphics Card [REPORT] Dec 31, 2016 AM ESTThe Nvidia Quadro P6000 graphics card and its lower variant, the Quadro P5000 were unveiled during the SIGGRAPH 2016 as the only Pascal-based graphic ... Elon Musk 2017: SpaceX Founder May Be Leaving Boring Company Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTHere are predictions that may happen with the Tesla and SpaceX founder, Elon Musk. ... HTC 11 Revolution: HTC Packed 2017 Flagship With Snapdragon 835, 8GB RAM In 3 Different Variants Plus HTC X10 Dec 30, 2016 AM ESTHTC 11 will be released sometime in January next year and it will be supported by an 8GB RAM. HTC is also reported to release HTC 11 in three variants ... Microsoft Surface Phone: Rivals Surface Pro 4 Utility, Surface Book Performance; Release Date Reportedly Pushed Back to 2018 [VIDEO] Dec 31, 2016 AM ESTThe existence of Surface Phone has not directly confirmed by Microsoft but the recent leaked photos of the alleged phone brand are circulating the ... New FitBit Charge 2 Update Brings 11 New Enhancements, Features Dec 31, 2016 AM ESTGood news is coming for workout-savvy people after FitBit released a firmware update on its FitBit Charge 2, adding 11 new functions and improvements ... 'Stars Wars Episode VIII'News & Spoilers: Is Rey The Daughter of Luke? Check Out Film Schedules, Storyline & More Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTThe legendary sci-fi story has made its fans edgy and excited yet again as another chapter of this well-loved story will be coming their way later ... Top 6 UFO Sightings Caught On Tape This 2016; The Truth Behind These Footages Revealed – Signs Of Alien Invasion (VIDEO) Jan 02, 2017 AM ESTUFO Sightings for 2016 has registered a big number of occurrence. Most of them bear clear evidence that an unidentified object actually appeared. This ... Get Our FREE Newsletters Stay Connected With Us F T R About Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Us Copyright © 2017 UNIVERSITY HERALD All rights reserved. Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of our Terms and Conditions of Use and Privacy Policy.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Reports Center Tweet   Hyperscale Data Center Market Size, Share, Trends, Growth and Analysis To 2020 Hyperscale Data Center Market Size is estimated to grow from $71.2 billion by 2022, with a CAGR of 20.7% from 2016 to 2022. (EMAILWIRE.COM, August 26, 2016 ) Hyperscale Data Center Market Size is estimated to grow from $71.2 billion by 2022, with a CAGR of 20.7% from 2016 to 2022. Hyperscale data center is designed to offer a single largely scalable compute architecture. The architecture is developed from small, individual servers called nodes that offer computing, networking, and storage solutions. These nodes are grouped together and managed as a single entity. The main idea behind developing hyperscale architecture is to start with small infrastructure in order to keep the initial investments as low as possible. With an increasing demand, new nodes can be added to the cluster in order to expand the initial infrastructure. Hyperscale data centers have been largely adopted by big companies such as Amazon and Google, thereby emerging as one of the fastest-growing technologies in the IT infrastructure world. Browse full report with TOC@ https://marketreportscenter.com/reports/358578/world-hyperscale-data-center-market-opportunities-and-forecasts-2015-2022 Hyperscale data center offers a wide array of applications in various industries, namely IT & telecom, BFSI, government utilities, healthcare, energy, manufacturing, and others. The market has been analysed across different geographic regions including North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and LAMEA. The factors driving this market are energy efficiency, application of hyperscale data center across various industry domains, open compute project and reduced total cost of ownership. On the contrary, power failure and generation of enormous heat are some of the restraints for the world hyperscale data center market. Key companies profiled in this report include Intel Corporation, Nlyte Software, Sandisk Corporation, Avago Technologies, Cisco Systems, INC., Hewlett-Packard, Ericsson, Cavium, Inc., International Business Machines Corporation and Mellanox Technologies, Inc. SEGMENT OVERVIEW The world hyperscale market has been segmented based on user type, application, component, geography and end-user. Based on user type, market is classified into cloud providers, colocation providers and enterprises. Hyperscale data center is an essential commodity to build a scalable and robust cloud, hence used by various cloud service providers. Enterprises can either host their hyperscale data centers within the premises or outsource it to a colocation service provider. Regardless of its application, an effective hyperscale data center can be achieved by striking the right balance between location, infrastructure facilities, IT equipment, and operation staff. Application wise, the market is categorized into manufacturing, government utilities, BFSI, IT & Telecommunication, Healthcare, energy and others (Education and Retail). Tremendous growth in the IT services has increased the demand for hyperscale data centers in the IT & telecom industry. It is important to re-architect the traditional data center infrastructure, thus allowing the IT & telecom industry to reap the benefits of the service-oriented world. Component wise, market is classified into server, networking and others. The increasing operational complexities and growing demand from consumers raises the need for hyperscale data centers that are more efficient than traditional data centers. This also implies that hyperscale data centers need more technologically advanced hardware and networking components. The server segment contributed maximum revenue in 2015 and is expected to dominate the market throughout the forecast period. Asia-Pacific Hyperscale Data Center Market Scenario Asia-Pacific is expected to be the fastest growing region for hyperscale data center market. This growth in data center market is likely to take place due to growing demand for cloud service from small-, medium-, and large-segment enterprises and increased adoption of hyperscale data center technologies by industries from various sectors. IT & Telecommunication industry was the largest revenue generating segment in the Asia-Pacific market in 2015. BFSI industry would be the largest revenue generating segment by 2022. Major factors contributing for this growth are rapid development in the banking sector of the major economies viz., China, India, and Japan. Following diagram shows the Asia-Pacific Data Center Market by application. Request A Sample copy of This Report @ https://marketreportscenter.com/request-sample/358578 Value Chain Analysis The value chain of hyperscale data center market features stakeholders like component or raw material suppliers, ODM, OEM, and end user or customer. Each of these players share a specific value at their point of operation, which in turn contributes to the competitive value of the product. The R&D activities, innovations, marketing strategies, and aesthetics enhance the value associated with the end-deliverables of each player. Value Chain Analysis of Hyperscale Data Center Market The stakeholders mentioned in the value chain explain the contribution made by them on different levels. Component or raw material suppliers are the first stakeholders in the value chain. Component suppliers provide the raw material and other essential elements required to manufacture the equipment and devices (servers, storage devices, and microprocessors), which are required in a hyperscale data center. ODMs are the next stakeholders in the value chain. ODMs (Intel, SanDisk, Quanta Computers) manufacture devices and components, such as servers, microprocessors, network switches, integrated rack systems, and storage solutions that are further utilized to build a hyperscale data center. OEMs are the next stakeholders in the value chain. OEMs assemble the components procured from ODMs and offer data center infrastructure, storage, and other solutions.End users are the industries that implement hyperscale data center or build and host them for other clients (colocation providers). KEY BENEFITS  This study comprises analytical depiction of the global hyperscale data center market with the current trends and future estimation scenarios to depict the investment pockets.  The report determines the overall market potential and helps understand the profitable trends for attaining a stronger coverage.  The report highlights information regarding key drivers, restraints, and opportunities with a detailed impact analysis.  The current market trends are quantitatively analyzed and a forecast for 2016‐2022 is presented to highlight the financial competency of the market.  Porters five forces model analysis of the industry illustrates the potency of the buyers and suppliers.  Value chain analysis provides a clear understanding of the roles of stakeholders involved. To Get Discount On The Report @ https://marketreportscenter.com/request-discount/358578 Connect for more details: Sam Collins Market Reports Center 1-646-883-3044 (US) info@marketreportscenter.com Contact Information: Market Reports Center Sam Collins Tel: 1-646-883-3044 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Fehler: Die Seite kann nicht richtig angezeigt werden, weil eventuell ein Browser-Plugin die korrekte Ansicht verhindert. Bitte deaktivieren Sie alle Plugins (wie z.B. Adblocker) und versuchen Sie es erneut. Fan werden Mobil DAX: 11.598 +1,0% ESt50: 3.309 +0,6% TDax: 1.841 +1,6% Dow: 19.763 -0,3% Nas: 5.383 -0,9% Nikkei: 16.699 -12,6% Euro: 1,0476 +0,1% Öl: 57,13 +0,7% Gold: 1.156 +0,4% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Depot eröffnen Favoriten Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Asetek A-S Aktie News zu Asetek A-S Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC 26.08.2016 07:17 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel Asetek A-S5,77 EUR 0,00% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute Carl Icahn: Ein Pokerspieler für Trumps TischNEU ab 2017: Handeln ab 2,50 € Orderprovision* pro TradeUpdates zu Deutsche Bank, LANXESS und Wacker Chemie Asetek (http://www.asetek.com/)® (ASETEK.OL), the worlds leading supplier of computer liquid cooling solutions, today announced that it has been selected by HP® to cool its new OMEN X Desktop Gaming PC (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html). The OMEN X Desktop marks HPs return to ultra-high end gaming systems, boasting enthusiast [image]hardware and revolutionary thermal performance. The OMEN X builds on a long history of collaboration between Asetek and HP. From the innovative HP Blackbird 002 to the HP ENVY Phoenix 860, Asetek has worked closely with HP to deliver revolutionary performance and low noise. "It is an honor to once again work with HP to develop a gaming PC that pushes the boundaries of what is possible, said John Hamill, Asetek Vice President of WW Sales and Marketing. "The new OMEX X delivers extreme performance that is only rivaled by its thermal management. By utilizing Asetek liquid cooling, OMEN Xs excellent thermal management allows customers to get the highest possible performance out of their high end gaming rig without immersion breaking noise. The OMEN X includes support for up to three 120mm liquid cooling radiators with top mounted exhaust vents and a stand that lifts the case off the ground to help deliver copious amounts of active cooling. The OMEN X features the latest graphics technology with up to dual NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080s to elevate the performance of any game with stunning visuals. The liquid-cooled 6th generation Intel® Core i5/i7 processor with overclocking capability1 paired with a VR-ready GPU enables flawless Virtual Reality (VR) and immersive 4K experiences for even the most demanding AAA games. Factory filled and sealed for maximum reliability and ease-of-use, Aseteks patented liquid coolers have been thoroughly tested and certified to operate without maintenance for over 50,000 hours. For more information on the HP OMEN X with Asetek liquid cooling, visit http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html. 1. Altering clock frequency and/or voltage may: (i) reduce system stability and useful life of the system, processor, and other system components; (ii) cause the processor and other system components to fail; (iii) cause reductions in system performance; (iv) cause additional heat or other damage; and (v) affect system data integrity. HP and Intel have not tested, and does not warranty, the operation of the processor beyond its specifications. HP and Intel have not tested, and do not warranty, the operation of other system components beyond their industry standard specifications. HP and Intel assume no responsibility that the processor and other system components, including if used with altered clock frequencies and/or voltages, will be fit for any particular purpose. About Asetek Asetek is the world's leading provider of energy efficient liquid cooling systems for data centers, servers, workstations, gaming and high performance PCs. Its products are used for reducing power and greenhouse emissions, lowering acoustic noise, and achieving maximum performance by leading OEMs and channel partners around the globe. Aseteks products are based upon its patented all-in-one liquid cooling technology with more than 3 million liquid cooling units deployed in the field. Founded in 2000, Asetek is headquartered in Denmark with offices in California, China and Taiwan. For more information, visit http://www.asetek.com. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160825006439/en/ FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu Asetek A-S Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen Keine Nachrichten im Zeitraum eines Jahres in dieser Kategorie verfügbar. Eventuell finden Sie Nachrichten, die älter als ein Jahr sind, im Archiv Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr Asetek A-S NewsRSS Feed Asetek A-S zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu Asetek A-S Alle Buy Hold Sell ? Keine Analysen gefunden.mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Meistgelesene Asetek A-S News Keine Nachrichten gefunden.Weitere Asetek A-S News Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: Rendezvous mit Harry | Heute Abend um 19:00 Uhr LIVE mit Börsenprofi Harald Weygand DZ BANK: DAX: Herausforderndes Aktienjahr 2017 zu erwarten Chart Flash zum DAX vom 02.01.2017 UBS: Deutsche Lufthansa AG: Am Abwärtstrend abgeprallt DekaBank: Attraktiver Express-Ertrag mit der TOTAL-Aktie Commerzbank: DAX: Neues Jahreshoch  Wohin geht die Reise? HSBC: 03. Januar, Dienstag um 18:30 Uhr - Der große Ausblick 2017 - nicht verpassen! Vontobel: Neue Zeichnungen: Kupon-Ernte mit starken Aktien Anzeige Zalando - Wie der Online-Händler seine Gewinn­margen kräftig steigern will! Der Einkauf von Waren im Internet gehört zu den Megatrends des 21. Jahrhunderts. Laut einer Erhebung des Digitalverbands Bitkom shoppen 98% aller Internet-Nutzer inzwischen online, wobei mehr als drei Viertel mehrmals im Monat Produkte über das Internet ordern. Lesen Sie in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins, warum Zalando zu den Profiteuren dieses Megatrends gehört und wie es seine Gewinnmargen weiter steigern will.Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur Asetek A-S-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Rating Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Ausblick Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fonds   Asetek A-S Peer Group News Keine Nachrichten gefunden. News von Sieben Mal Kaufen: Diese Papiere gehören in jedes Depot Reich mit Plan: Die besten ETF-Sparpläne für 2017 Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Goldpreis-Entwicklung: Was führende Experten für 2017 erwarten, Teil II Dax: Gewinne dank guter Konjunkturdaten - RWE-Aktie und E.On im Aufwind News von So dreist klaut Samsung beim neuesten Produkt von Apple Forscher: Das "Erfolgssyndrom" könnte erklären, warum die besten Mitarbeiter kündigen Deutsche Bank-Aktie: Starke Aufholjagd aber gemischte Aussichten Eine 24-Jährige starb an Überarbeitung: Jetzt will Japan seine Work-Life-Balance überdenken Microsofts erster PC verkauft sich viel besser, als irgendjemand erwartet hätte Heute im Fokus DAX knackt kurzzeitig 11.600-Punkte-Marke - Rekorde bei MDAX und SDAX -- Wall Street im Feiertag -- Apple muss iPhone-Produktion wohl senken -- Goldnachfrage auf Rekordhoch -- E.ON, VW im Fokus Kein Handel in New York. Meistverkauftes Auto in Schweden erstmals seit 50 Jahren kein Volvo. Marktteilnehmer kritisieren EZB-Regel zu Barsicherheiten bei Leihe. Südkorea stoppt Verkauf einiger BMW-, Porsche- und Nissan-Modelle. Zahl der Erwerbstätigen in Deutschland erreicht Rekordstand. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 03:03 Uhr Kölner Stadt-Anzeiger: Immer mehr NRW-Bedienstete nehmen Sabbatjahr - Mehr als 90 Prozent Lehrer 03:00 Uhr Carl Icahn: Ein Pokerspieler für Trumps Tisch 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Bundesernährungsminister Schmidt will TÜV für Schulessen-Caterer schaffen 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: CDU-Mittelstandschef nennt Mindestlohn-Konzept von Nahles weltfremd 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: CDU-Wahlkämpfer mahnt CSU zur Einigkeit 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Maas bringt neues Hinterbliebenengeld auf den Weg / Entschädigung für Angehörige von Getöteten spätestens ab Mitte 2017 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Ifo-Chef: Schäuble macht als Finanzminister sehr guten Job 00:37 Uhr Mittelbayerische Zeitung: Falsche Logik / Kommentar zur verhaltenen Resonanz auf E-Auto-Kaufprämie Top-Rankings Rohstoffe: Performer 2016 Welche Commodities entwickelten sich 2016 am stärksten?Jetzt durchklicken TecDAX-Unternehmen 2016So lieferten die TecDAX-Riesen im vergangenen Jahr abJetzt durchklicken DAX-Performer 2016Wer war Top, wer war Flop?Jetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Diese Aktien hat Warren Buffett im Depot (September 2016) Welche Aktien besitzt Warren Buffett in seinem Portfolio?Jetzt durchklicken Die Gehälter der Top-Politiker Das verdienen die wichtigsten Staats- und RegierungschefsJetzt durchklicken Die attraktivsten Großstädte DeutschlandsIn diesen Städten möchten die Deutschen lebenJetzt durchklicken Die 10 verrücktesten Google-Patente Welche Ideen hält Google für die Zukunft bereit?Jetzt durchklicken American Dream - In diesen Ländern wird er wahr In diesen Ländern wird der American Dream gelebtJetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage Vor dem Weihnachtsfest greifen die Deutschen traditionell tief in die Taschen. Wie viel geben Sie dieses Jahr für Geschenke aus? Bis zu 100 Euro 100 bis 200 Euro Zwischen 200 und 300 300 bis 400 Euro Mehr als 400 Euro AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net!Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:Alle 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox

Dienstag, 03.01.2017 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»HP AKTIE»Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC HP INC 14,155  Euro -0,036 -0,25 % WKN: A142VP  ISIN: US40434L1052 Ticker-Symbol: 7HP  Frankfurt | 02.01.17 | 19:53 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheHardware AktienmarktS&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 14,168 14,225 02.01. 14,16 14,25 02.01. 26.08.2016 | 07:17 (16 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Asetek Dominates Heat in New High-End HP OMEN X Gaming PC Latest Collaboration Between HP Asetek Delivers Ground-Breaking Performance and Style Asetek (http://www.asetek.com/)® (ASETEK.OL), the world's leading supplier of computer liquid cooling solutions, today announced that it has been selected by HP® to cool its new OMEN X Desktop Gaming PC (http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html). The OMEN X Desktop marks HP's return to ultra-high end gaming systems, boasting enthusiast [image]hardware and revolutionary thermal performance. The OMEN X builds on a long history of collaboration between Asetek and HP. From the innovative HP Blackbird 002 to the HP ENVY Phoenix 860, Asetek has worked closely with HP to deliver revolutionary performance and low noise. "It is an honor to once again work with HP to develop a gaming PC that pushes the boundaries of what is possible," said John Hamill, Asetek Vice President of WW Sales and Marketing. "The new OMEX X delivers extreme performance that is only rivaled by its thermal management." By utilizing Asetek liquid cooling, OMEN X's excellent thermal management allows customers to get the highest possible performance out of their high end gaming rig without immersion breaking noise. The OMEN X includes support for up to three 120mm liquid cooling radiators with top mounted exhaust vents and a stand that lifts the case off the ground to help deliver copious amounts of active cooling. The OMEN X features the latest graphics technology with up to dual NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 1080s to elevate the performance of any game with stunning visuals. The liquid-cooled 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5/i7 processor with overclocking capability1 paired with a VR-ready GPU enables flawless Virtual Reality (VR) and immersive 4K experiences for even the most demanding AAA games. Factory filled and sealed for maximum reliability and ease-of-use, Asetek's patented liquid coolers have been thoroughly tested and certified to operate without maintenance for over 50,000 hours. For more information on the HP OMEN X with Asetek liquid cooling, visit http://www8.hp.com/us/en/hp-news/media-kits/2016/Gaming-Omen.html. 1. Altering clock frequency and/or voltage may: (i) reduce system stability and useful life of the system, processor, and other system components; (ii) cause the processor and other system components to fail; (iii) cause reductions in system performance; (iv) cause additional heat or other damage; and (v) affect system data integrity. HP and Intel have not tested, and does not warranty, the operation of the processor beyond its specifications. HP and Intel have not tested, and do not warranty, the operation of other system components beyond their industry standard specifications. HP and Intel assume no responsibility that the processor and other system components, including if used with altered clock frequencies and/or voltages, will be fit for any particular purpose. About Asetek Asetek is the world's leading provider of energy efficient liquid cooling systems for data centers, servers, workstations, gaming and high performance PCs. Its products are used for reducing power and greenhouse emissions, lowering acoustic noise, and achieving maximum performance by leading OEMs and channel partners around the globe. Asetek's products are based upon its patented all-in-one liquid cooling technology with more than 3 million liquid cooling units deployed in the field. Founded in 2000, Asetek is headquartered in Denmark with offices in California, China and Taiwan. For more information, visit http://www.asetek.com. This information was brought to you by Cision http://news.cision.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160825006439/en/ Contacts: Media: Asetek Zack Fanning, +1-408-256-3118 Marketing Communications Manager zack.fanning@asetek.com © 2016 Business Wire Nachrichten zu ASETEK A/S Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 30.11.16 Asetek Announces Nine Installations in the Green500 Supercomputer List Asetek Liquid Cooling Provides Energy Efficiency without Sacrificing Performance Regulatory News: Asetek ® (ASETEK.OL) today announced that RackCDU D2C™ (Direct-to-Chip )... ► Artikel lesen 28.11.16 Asetek - Share Capital Increase upon Exercise of Warrants Asetek (OSE:ASETEK) Reference is made to warrants issued by Asetek A/S, Danish central business register (CVR) no. 34880522 (the "Company"), pursuant to corporate resolutions adopted... ► Artikel lesen 18.11.16 ASETEK - Update to Full Year 2016 Revenue Guidance Asetek (OSE:ASETEK) communicated in its third quarter 2016 report announced 27 October 2016 that the company's expectation for full year 2016 revenue within the company's desktop segment... ► Artikel lesen 18.11.16 BRIEF-Asetek upgrades 2016 revenue guidance ► Artikel lesen 16.11.16 Asetek Announces Eight Installations in the TOP500 Supercomputer List HPC Sites Globally Continue to Select Asetek Direct-to-Chip Liquid Cooling Asetek® (ASETEK.OL) today announced that its RackCDU D2C™ (Direct-to-Chip liquid cooling technology is... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu HP INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 27.12.16 Hewlett-Packard's Split: Have Massive Layoffs Paid Off? ► Artikel lesen 27.12.16 What's Ahead for HP Inc. in 2017 ► Artikel lesen 27.12.16 Three Oil & Gas Stocks to Buy in 2017 (HP, RSPP) ► Artikel lesen 27.12.16 Why HP Inc. (HPQ) Deserves a Place in Investors' Portfolio? ► Artikel lesen 25.12.16 Birth Of The Concept Of Digital Computer And Hewlett-Packard (HP) ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart ASETEK A/S Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % ASETEK A/S 6,297 +6,14 % HP INC 14,155 -0,25 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
toggle menu Sections Magazine Upfront Features Life ForbesLife India Thought Leadership Multimedia Lists Latest Issue Archive ForbesLife India ForbesLife India Archive Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Column Special Leaderboard Exit Interview Close Range World Watch Ideas & Opinion Hindsight Briefing Breakpoint Resolution Numerix Greyscale Now, Tata Sons sends legal notice to Mistry Corporate Account First Principles Global Game Enterprise Special Report NSE files draft IPO papers with Sebi, looks to raise Rs 10,000 crore Recliner Traveller Health Appraisals F-index Cheat Sheet Tip-Off Nuggets Frequent Flier Style Ex-Libris Special Thoughts ForbesLife India Engage 'There are many culinary treasures hidden in old texts' Think Live Work Play Mobile: The requisite of brand engagement SPJIMR SP Jain School of Global Management WeSchool AIFMB IIT Madras INSEAD Harvard Rotman Thunderbird Stanford IE IMD business school CKGSB Tuck School of Business Ivey Business School Yale CEIBS Chicago Booth ISB Haas School of Business Oxford The Thinkers 50 Kenan-Flagler Bring in the new year quietly, or with a bang Video Slideshow Audio Twinterview Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire 2016 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2016 Super 50 Companies 2016 2015 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2015 Super 50 Companies 2015 2014 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2014 2013 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2013 2012 Celebrity 100 30 Under 30 Search toggle menu Sections Magazine Upfront Features Life Forbes Life India Thought Leadership Multimedia Lists Latest Issue Archive ForbesLife India ForbesLife Archive Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Column Special Leaderboard Exit Interview Close Range World Watch Ideas & Opinion Hindsight Briefing Breakpoint Resolution Numerix Greyscale Now, Tata Sons sends legal notice to Mistry Corporate Account First Principles Global Game Enterprise Special Report NSE files draft IPO papers with Sebi, looks to raise Rs 10,000 crore Recliner Traveller Health Appraisals F-index Cheat Sheet Tip-Off Nuggets Frequent Flier Style Ex-Libris Special Thoughts ForbesLife India Engage 'There are many culinary treasures hidden in old texts' Think Live Work Play Mobile: The requisite of brand engagement SPJIMR SP Jain School of Global Management WeSchool AIFMB IIT Madras INSEAD Harvard Rotman Thunderbird Stanford IE IMD business school CKGSB Tuck School of Business Ivey Business School Yale CEIBS Chicago Booth ISB Haas School of Business Oxford The Thinkers 50 Kenan-Flagler Bring in the new year quietly, or with a bang Video Slideshow Audio Twinterview Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire 2016 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2016 Super 50 Companies 2016 2015 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2015 Super 50 Companies 2015 2014 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2014 2013 Celebrity 100 India Rich List 2013 2012 Celebrity 100 30 Under 30 Magazine ForbesLife India ForbesLife India Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Blogs Multimedia Magazine ForbesLife India Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Lists Thought Leadership Web Specials Blogs Multimedia Search TRENDING : #Demonetisation #MistryVsTata Advertise With Us Home Global Game Cross Border Move over GPS. Three plebeian words can now define your location Billions more people could finally get home deliveries if the world adopts What3Words' clever address system By Parmy Olson Published: Aug 26, 2016 7959 7959 Image: Photographed by Levon Biss For Forbes. Chris Sheldrick Wears A Jacket by Gieves & Hawkes;Shirt by Jaeger; Pants by Tiger of Sweden; Shoes And Belt by Tods. Style Director: Joseph Deacetis; Style Associate: Juan Benson. Chris Sheldrick’s startup has divided the globe into a grid of tiny blocks, including this square in Hyde Park, London In a fast-growing suburb outside New Delhi, young women hail pink motorcycle taxis through an app called Bikxie. Launched in January, Bikxie has a novel feature: It pairs women drivers with women customers. And soon it will have another. Its users in Gurgaon, where rapid construction has created a confusing mess of locations, won’t need a street address. Instead, says Bikxie founder Divya Kalia, riders will simply type three ordinary words to identity the nine-square-metre parcel of land where they want to be dropped off. For example, the entrance to Bikxie’s office in New Delhi is artichoke.recruiter.sniff. Beyond India, Forbes’s New Jersey headquarters is gold.wink.flesh. The front door to the White House? Length.grab.torch.  Bikxie is pulling this data from a unified global addressing system devised by a company fittingly named What3Words. The London-based startup, launched in 2013 by Chris Sheldrick, a former music and events organiser, has divided the entire planet into 3-metre-by-3-metre squares (the size of a small bedroom) and assigned each a three-word string. The goal: Make it easier to find the homes of more than half of humanity who live in poorly marked areas, like many urban slums, or are among the 4 billion people who have no address at all. Much of Costa Rica, for instance, doesn’t have street names or house numbers.  “In some countries home delivery for post doesn’t happen,” Sheldrick says. “People are used to going, ‘I live behind the yellow lamppost near the coffee shop.’” In Rio de Janeiro’s favelas, a local mail-delivery company, Carteiro Amigo, already uses What3Words to find homes. Mongolia’s national postal service signed up last May for deliveries to the country’s 3 million citizens. Drivers with UK’s Direct Today Couriers use a What3Words-powered app and have cut missed deliveries by 83 percent since January. What3Words has raised $14.5 million from investors like Intel Capital and Aramex, the Middle East’s equivalent of FedEx, which has asked big local retailers to add a What3Words box to checkout pages. More than 250 businesses globally use What3Words, though it isn’t profitable yet.  Sheldrick, 35, wants What3Words to become a global standard, the comprehensive fix to the addressing problem that several national governments, like Ghana’s, have tried and failed to solve. He started the company after seeing some of his musical acts get lost in Italian villages and miss their gigs. Latitude and longitude coordinates failed to solve the problem. Mess up one of the 18 numbers, and you could end up 20 miles from your destination.    In January 2013 he began discussing the problem with Jack Waley-Cohen, an old friend from his chess team at Eton, the elite British boarding school. “If only someone could make GPS coordinates easy,” he remembers saying. They needed a sequence of, ideally, three things, “something everybody could remember,” he adds.  Words would do the trick. The pair divided the globe into 57 trillion squares that require about 40,000 different words to identify them all. They assigned short words to locations on land and longer ones to those on bodies of water.  To turn this clever idea into a business, Sheldrick eschewed the open-source approach embraced by some other location-based enterprises, choosing instead to patent-protect the word-assignments and algorithm. His team packed the formula into 10 MB of space, making the service easy for businesses to incorporate into their apps, run from their own servers and use in areas with no mobile data coverage. Sheldrick now faces several challenges. One is getting people to adopt a completely new way of defining location. That’s a big ask, isn’t it? “There’s plenty of behaviour-changing platforms,” Sheldrick says, noting that Airbnb seemed creepy at first but is now second nature to travellers. “As you get more businesses pushing this, it becomes de facto,” he says. “We’re talking to all the large global logistics firms.” Business customers like Aramex are crucial to helping What3Words get companies to commit. (Sheldrick won’t say how many people currently use the technology.) But there’s the tantalising future prospect of robots using Sheldrick’s system to make deliveries. When Amazon announced it was testing drones, “very quickly the cogs turned in my head,” says Sheldrick.  The other challenge is making money. Sheldrick won’t disclose how much it charges clients or the total revenues, but Forbes estimates the startup has brought in less than $1 million in its first three years. What3Words licenses access to its formula, which converts GPS coordinates into three-word addresses. Some pay extra for software that hosts the formula on their own system, so that, say, users of a mapping app won’t have to look up the address online. Not everyone thinks the system is necessary. Starship Technologies, an Estonian startup that deploys and coordinates self-driving delivery robots for companies in the UK, Germany and Switzerland, recently talked with What3Words. “Robots don’t understand street addresses,” says Starship COO Allan Martinson. “We may use What3Words as part of that address, but it must be widely used.” Starship’s sensor-laden robots already create their own maps across city streets, he adds, just like Google’s Street View cars do. Amazon’s drones may end up doing the same. Either way, the startup may not remain independent for long. “What3Words is a perfect candidate to be taken over in a couple of years,” says Martijn de Wever, founder of Force Over Mass Capital, which recently invested. He sees Google, Apple or Amazon being particularly interested. “They could integrate it fully within their current mapping technology.” (This article is excerpted from the latest Forbes India 02 September, 2016 issue which is now available at news stands and book stores. You can buy our tablet version from Magzter.com) Show More GPS Bikxie App Divya Kalia Unified global addressing system What3Words Chris Sheldrick Startup Comments Forbes India Lists Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine For hassle free instant subscription, just give your number and email id and our customer care agent will get in touch with you OR click here to Subscribe Online Most Popular Read Emailed Blogs Commented Eye on the prize: Ajay Piramal strikes it big with contrarian calls Here's why the Bansals of Flipkart are out of the India Rich List 2016 Why sky is the limit for Alia Bhatt Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Celebrity 100: How Sunny Leone evolved into an enviable brand Celebrity scorecard: The numbers that make them stars Sanjeev Kapoor's recipe for success A new note: Sunidhi Chauhan remains on top of her game Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire Breaking bad: How the world of villains has changed Eye on the prize: Ajay Piramal strikes it big with contrarian calls Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Why sky is the limit for Alia Bhatt Decoding the groundswell behind Patanjali Five principles for building innovative businesses in the 21st century Will GST disrupt accounting and financial reporting? What I learnt from my dad Demonetisation - The long and short of it GST rates: India Inc eagerly awaits finer details Why healthcare will never be the same again with IoT Integrate Augmented Reality with Internet of Things for unmatched business value How India can speed up indigenisation in defence manufacturing Health is Wealth -True for businesses? Key challenges for healthcare organisations Preparing for life post-Brexit, UK looks beyond Europe Narendra Modi ranked among worlds 10 most powerful people The Road Ahead for Virendra Mhaiskar and IRB India Tata Sons fires back, says Mistry treated group as fiefdom with unilateral actions National Stock Exchange MD & CEO Chitra Ramkrishna quits Black money crackdown: Here's what Narendra Modi might do next Celebrity scorecard: The numbers that make them stars Amazon introduces 'Launchpad' in India for budding entrepreneurs What the Q2 numbers mean for India's IT industry Tweets Tweets by @forbes_india The sources of our discontent with how the world is going RBL Bank IPO oversubscribed by 3.08 times Latest News Mobile: The requisite of brand engagement Rebel with a cause: Sonam Kapoor's diverse repertoire Why sky is the limit for Alia Bhatt Forecast: What to expect from the real estate sector in 2017 Ten interesting things that we read this week Here's why the Bansals of Flipkart are out of the India Rich List 2016 Magazine Lists Thought Leadership Blogs ForbesLife India Web Exclusives Multimedia Philanthropy Awards Leadership Awards Entrepreneurship Summit CEO Dialogues Contact Us Advertise with Us Feedback Subscribe Insta-Subscribe to Forbes India Magazine © Copyright 2016, Forbesindia.com All Rights Reserved © Copyright 2016, Forbesindia.com All Rights Reserved You might also want to read... Track your lunch with HyperTrack Byju's in advanced talks with investors to raise $... ISRO's Very Own GPS is Ready SmartQ raises pre-series A round from YourNest ang... Flipagram could be bigger than Instagram next prev suggested stories Track your lunch with HyperTrack Byju's in advanced talks with investors to raise $... ISRO's Very Own GPS is Ready SmartQ raises pre-series A round from YourNest ang... Flipagram could be bigger than Instagram
Sign in or Register   PCs & Laptops Value Desktops High End Desktops Gaming Desktops All-in-one Desktops Value Laptops High End Laptops Gaming Laptops Ultraportable Laptops Misc PCs & Laptops Dell Store   Peripherals Monitors Printers Storage Keyboards & Mice Misc Peripherals Networking   Handhelds Budget Smartphones High-End Smartphones Tablets eReaders Wearables Misc Handhelds   Software Security Operating Systems Backup Office Suite Web Development Audio Video Photo Apps Misc Software   Components CPUs Motherboards Graphics Cards Storage Cases Power Supply Units Misc Components   Gadgets Photography & Video Home Theatre GPS Audio Virtual/Augmented reality Misc Gadgets     Hyper PixelCast   Forums Back Issues Search News • Reviews • Features • Galleries • A-List • Group Tests • Downloads • How To • Buy • Software Store Mobile Plans Broadband Plans Atomic Forums Upgrade Australia Home  »  PCs & Laptops  »  Misc PCs & Laptops  »  Feature Ex-Lease Small Form Factor PCs – the bargain computer choice by Anthony Agius  |  Friday 26 August 2016  | Comment Now Sub-$250 computers with the still speedy i5-2400 CPU offer great value. Many people reading this might be PC enthusiasts, familiar with the latest hardware, and want a computer that's got all the newest gear inside. But many people just want a computer that gets them on the web, runs Microsoft Office, maybe Skype, and to watch a few YouTube videos. If that sounds like you, or maybe you've been asked by a friend or relative to help them get a new computer on the cheap, then this article will assist in the search for finding a bargain computer that gets the job done. Large businesses get bulk amounts of computers via a lease. When that lease is up after a few years, the computers that still work go back to the leasing company and are usually sold at an auction to whoever makes the highest offer. The computers then end up on eBay, very cheap, in perfect working condition after being cleaned and refurbished. These three or four year old computers are ideal for the average person outlined in the introduction, who just wants something to get on the web. The sweet spot as of mid-2016 are small form factor (SFF) desktops with an i5-2400 CPU, which has 4 cores and runs at 3.1GHz. Even though it's a few years old, it's still an excellent performer considering the price. It's faster than most current entry level CPUs from AMD and Intel. Search eBay for "i5-2400" and you'll see hundreds of these SFF boxes ready to be delivered to you. The Lenovo ThinkCentre M81, Dell Optiplex 990 and HP 8200 Elite can all be found with the i5-2400, 4GB of RAM, a 320-500GB HDD and a genuine Windows 7 licence for between $250-$270, delivered anywhere in Australia. Gumtree can also yield some bargains, with sellers doing cash on pickup to save on postage and eBay fees. In Melbourne there's a few i5-2400 SFFs for only $230. Chuck in an SSD (like a Sandisk 120GB for $55 from MSY) and you've got a computer that cost you less than $300, that'll handle practically any task you throw at it that doesn't involve 3D graphics. 4GB of RAM should just be enough, but if you want to install more, just grab a few sticks of DDR3 (8GB for $45 at MSY) to round the package out. To build something similar with new parts and a legit copy of Windows, you're looking at around $500, plus you need to take the time to put the thing together. If you're swapping out an existing computer with a new one, perfect - it should all be plug and play with the existing keyboard, mouse, monitor and speakers. But if you're investigating a fresh setup, keyboards and mice are cheaper than ever, with the Logitech MK220 wireless combo selling for just $23. Creative SBS-A60 speakers are only $22, but will be more than adequate for the odd YouTube video. Monitor choice gets a bit trickier, as ex-lease monitors don't get turned over as often. New, 21.5in 1080p displays start at around $130 and at anything sub-$250, there's not much difference in quality. Even if you want to get a bit fancy, an i5-2400 based SFF computer leaves you more cash to spend on things you'll actually enjoy, like a nice mechanical keyboard, high-end mouse, IPS monitor and some audiophile speakers. If you need to expand (e.g: a nicer video card for a 4K monitor), there's a few low profile PCIe slots and 3.5in bays for extra SATA devices. Next time someone asks you what computer they should get, and they aren't into the latest games, check out some small form factor computers with Intel i5-2400 CPUs - you might be surprised how much cash you can save. Related Articles MSI delivers a perfect SFF video card - the GTX 1050 Ti 4GT LP Gallery: The PCs of PAX Australia 2016 Lian Li adds tempered glass to SFF PC-Q37 PC case MSI reveals teeny-tiny Mini GeForce GTX 1060 3GB OCV3 Asus adds a GTX 1080 to its G20 SFF gaming box Source: Copyright © PC & Tech Authority. All rights reserved. See more about:  bargain  |  exlease  |  pcs  |  small form factor  |  value   Tweet Email this Print this Feedback   Readers of this article also read...   The 6 best bits of tech you'll want in your next car     What does a Trump win mean for tech and science?     PowerBulb’s two USB sockets are a cable lover’s delight     Google discloses zero-day in Windows kernel     Review: Seagate Barracuda Pro blows us away   More in Misc PCs & Laptops (1 of 10 articles) NEWS Raspberry Pi launches Pixel OS for PC and Mac << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (2 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple is not giving up on the desktop << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (3 of 10 articles) NEWS This Kickstarter fixes everything missing from the new Macbook Pro << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (4 of 10 articles) NEWS Nvidia's GTX 1050 mobile GPU set to launch at CES << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (5 of 10 articles) NEWS Touché 1.0 extends Touch Bar functionality to any modern Mac – for free << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (6 of 10 articles) FEATURE Hall of Fame: Apple iBook G3 << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (7 of 10 articles) REVIEW One Minute Review: Dell's Power Companion keeps your laptop running longer << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (8 of 10 articles) NEWS Apple has given up on the PC << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (9 of 10 articles) NEWS Microsoft announces a new desktop PC with a difference << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> More in Misc PCs & Laptops (10 of 10 articles) NEWS What to expect from Apple’s 27 October event << Prev Next >> View all Misc PCs & Laptops articles >> Most Read Most Discussed Powered by Disqus Latest Comments Powered by Disqus Latest in Misc PCs & Laptops News Raspberry Pi launches Pixel OS for PC and Mac Review One Minute Review: Dell's Power Companion keeps your laptop running longer Feature Hall of Fame: Apple iBook G3 Gallery Project Alpha Omega From our Partners     See more offers from the PC & Tech Authority Software Store     Sponsored Links Most popular tech stories 7 accounting packages for Australian small businesses compared: including MYOB, QuickBooks Online, Reckon, Xero How long will a UPS keep your computers on if the lights go out? How do I make sure my email is properly synced between all my computers? Gear S3: Samsung's long-lasting smartwatch reviewed Telstra closing 3G: here's how to check if your phone is Next G compatible The best tech products of 2016 Here are the best tech companies to work for in Australia Australian telco year in review: the 10 biggest stories A year of deals! 26 Australian reseller mergers in 2016 The top 10 data centre stories of 2016 The CIO movements that made headlines in 2016 Former Toll CIO lands at Essential Energy Photos: The tech that used to run the Commonwealth Bank Telcos take ACCAN to task Ex-CBA IT exec sentenced to 3.5 years in jail for bribery 20 key tips for succeeding at Rainbow Six Siege 10 advanced tips for Rainbow Six Siege Star Wars Battlefront’s Scarif DLC fails to impress 10 essential tips to get you started in Civilization VI A gorgeous fan collection of Battlefront Scarif DLC shots About Us  |  Sitemap  |  Newsletter Archive  |  A-List  |  Advice  |  Top 10  |  Mobile Site  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Newsletters  |  Contact Us Atomic MPC  |  BIT  |  CRN Australia  |  iTnews  |  PC PowerPlay  |  SC Magazine Copyright © 2017 nextmedia Pty Ltd. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorisation. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of nextmedia's Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. Login to PC & Tech Authority Username: * Username required Password: * Password required Remember me  |  Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Register now! To request a new password, please enter the email address linked to your PC & Tech Authority account and we'll send one to you. Email: * Email required * Invalid Email address * Invalid Email address Click here to return to Login Form Become part of PC & Tech Authority Join our site to get stuck in with comments and discussions with other passionate readers and tech fans, and stay up to date with the latest news and reviews through our range of newsletters. Email* * Email address required * Invalid Email address I have read and accept the privacy policy and terms and conditions and by submitting my email address I agree to receive the PC & Tech Authority daily newsletter and receive special offers on behalf of PC & Tech Authority, nextmedia and its valued partners. We will not share your details with third parties. 1) Login Details First Name* * First name req'd Last Name* * Last name req'd Username* * Username required Password* * Password required Confirm Password* * Password confirmation required * Passwords don't match! 2) About You Country* -- Select a Country -- Australia Afghanistan Albania Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Virgin Islands British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic of the Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Côte d'Ivoire Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon French Southern Territories Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guatemala Guam Guernsey Guinea Guinea Bissau Guyana Haiti Hong Kong Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Israel Isle of Man Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Jersey Korea Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macau Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Palestinian Territory, Occupied Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Qatar Puerto Rico Réunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena Saint Barthélemy Saint Lucia Saint Kitts & Nevis Saint Martin Saint Pierre & Miquelon Saint Vincent & the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands Soviet Union Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Togo Timor-Leste Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uruguay United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City State Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Yemen Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe World Asia Indochina Europe England Scotland Middle East Asia-Pacific Global Asean * Country req'd State* -- Select -- NSW QLD VIC SA WA ACT NT TAS * State req'd Post Code* * Post Code req'd Birth Year* -- Select -- 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 * Birth year required Employment Role* -- Select Role -- IT Business Owner IT Executive IT Professional IT Entry-level IT Sales Non IT Business Owner Non IT Executive Non IT Professional Non IT Entry-Level Non IT Sales Other If 'Other', enter below: * Role required Company Size* -- Select Size -- 1 - 9 10 - 49 50 - 99 100 - 249 250 - 499 500 - 999 1000 - 2499 2500+ * Company Size required I only want to subscribe to the Daily newsletter I'd also like to subscribe to: Weekly newsletter Atomic, Hyper and Gaming newsletter Gadgets and Stuff newsletter Downloads newsletter Already have an account? Log in here. Processing registration... Please wait. This process can take up to a minute to complete. Please check your email A confirmation email has been sent to your email address - SUPPLIED EMAIL HERE. Please click on the link in the email to verify your email address. You need to verify your email before you can start posting. If you do not receive your confirmation email within the next few minutes, it may be because the email has been captured by a junk mail filter. Please ensure you add the domain @pcauthority.com.au to your white-listed senders. Click here to close this message Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
null
home world U.S. faith tech sports entertainment life video To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. Sections Subscribe to eNEWSLETTER home faith U.S. world entertainment sports tech life video Mon, Jan 2, 2017 logo homeTech Microsoft Surface Pro 5 release date, specs news 2016: Hybrid laptop to come out in 2017 with Kaby Lake? Ivan Menchavez27 August, 2016 Sponsored Watch Your Favorite Christian Films, 24/7. Click Here To Start Your Free Trial Today Several Microsoft releases have been in the rumor mill for quite some time now. Since the beginning of the year, rumors about Microsoft Surface Phone, Microsoft Surface Book 2 and the highly anticipated Microsoft Surface Pro 5 have been circulating all over the Internet. Previous reports suggest that the new Surface Pro 5 will be released before the year ends. However, the development of Intel's seventh generation core processor, the Kaby Lake, will not be finished until late this year. For that reason, the launching of the new Microsoft hybrid laptop will be moved to 2017. (Microsoft)The latest iteration, the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could launch in 2017 alongside Surface Book 2 and two other Surface devices. Although Microsoft has yet to confirm these reports, many fans believe that it is only a matter of time before the company makes an official statement and provide concrete details about the new Surface Pro 5. According to a report by PC Advisor, the development of Windows' next operating system, Redstone 2, is also part of the reason why the device will be delayed. According to the publication, the new software will not be available until next year. Meanwhile, Tech Times reported that the new device from Microsoft will be developed around the new Kaby Lake chipset. According to the report, the new processor will certainly improve the overall performance of the hybrid laptop. The powerful processor will be incorporated with other advanced specs to make sure the device will have 2K and 4K support. The new laptop will also carry better graphics technology with NVIDIA Pascal or AMD Polaris GPUs. There are speculations saying that the new Intel processor will be paired with 6 GB of RAM for multitasking purposes. According to the report, the non-4K model of the Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will come out with a price tag of $899. On the other hand, the top-tier variant with 4K support will be sold at $1,599. However, these are merely just speculations and must be taken with a grain of salt. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Go to the Home Page Top News Billy Graham warns against predicting 2nd coming of Jesus Christ Texas Pastor, exposed for sex tapes, refuses to resign Franklin Graham to deliver prayer at Donald Trump's inauguration Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read This Jesus' birthplace in Bethlehem featured in video immersive virtual tour NASA scientist warns of 'extinction-level' event YouVersion Bible app reaches 250 million downloads Imaging technology uncovers secrets of 1,700 year-old Biblical scroll as a copy of book of Leviticus Most Popular Billy Graham warns against predicting 2nd coming of Jesus Christ World-renowned evangelist Billy Graham has warned Christians against predicting the second coming of Christ and advised that people should be asking whether or not they are prepared for the His return. Texas Pastor, exposed for sex tapes, refuses to resign A pastor from Houston, Texas, who was exposed for making sex tapes, is refusing to step down, even as members of his congregation are demanding his resignation. Franklin Graham to deliver prayer at Donald Trump's inauguration Franklin Graham is among the six faith leaders who were chosen to pray and offer readings at the inauguration of Donald Trump at the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20. Democrats too 'in love' with abortion to appeal to Christians, says Former Obama faith adviser Michael Wear, former director of President Barack Obama's faith outreach in 2012, has said that there used to be pro-life supporters within the Democratic Party, but it is now too "in love" with abortion that it cannot appeal to Christian voters. Imprisoned American pastor's appeal turned down by Turkey court A Turkish court has denied the appeal for release of an American pastor who was imprisoned for allegedly being a member of an armed terrorist organization. Mark Driscoll offers thoughts on the date of Jesus' birth, links Christmastime to pagan tradition Was Jesus of Nazareth actually born on Dec. 25? Evangelical leader Mark Driscoll shares his thoughts and offers answers to this question, stating that Christmas Day may be rooted in pagan tradition rather than being the actual date when Christ was born. Churches offer sanctuary to immigrants as Donald Trump's presidency looms Some 450 houses of worship have vowed to offer sanctuary to immigrants who are fearing deportation when President-elect Donald Trump takes office in January. Over 90,000 Christians were killed for their faith in 2016, according to new study Christians are considered as the most persecuted religious group in the world, with over 90,000 adherents killed in 2016, which is equivalent to one being killed every six minutes, according to a research by Center for Studies on New Religions (CESNUR). Top Stories Transgender, abortion-related Obamacare provisions blocked by U.S. federal judge A federal judge in Texas on Saturday issued a court order barring enforcement of an Obama administration policy seeking to extend anti-discrimination protections under the Affordable Care Act to transgender health and abortion-related services. Iraqi forces move on to second phase of Mosul operation Iraqi forces began moving toward the eastern districts of Mosul on Thursday as part of the second phase of the operation to retake the city from the Islamic State. Inside Christian Times Trump inauguration to feature faith leaders, including Franklin Graham, Samuel Rodriguez, Paula White Billy Graham makes it to Gallup's 10 'most admired' men in the world for the 60th time Over 90,000 Christians were killed for their faith in 2016, according to new study ISIS general entered Europe with 400 soldiers disguised as refugees, says intelligence agency Robert Jeffress slams Obama and Kerry for failing to veto U.N. resolution against Israel world U.S. tech sports entertainment life © 2016 The Christian Times About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Christian Times is a Christian Media Corporation Company the christian times updates:
null
facebook twitter tumblr pinterest googleplus instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Focus Opinion & Analysis In Depth: 8 High-Tech Ideas That Will Change the Shoe World By Meredith Derby Berg / August 25, 2016 Share This Article Email Tumblr WhatsApp LinkedIn Shutterstock. The age of innovation is here. Both behind the scenes and at the consumer level, footwear firms are angling to become better technology-design companies. And why shouldn’t they? Abundant consumer data has aided curation and customization to make firms more powerful than ever before. Under Armour, for instance, signaled its desire to become a multifaceted player when it joined forces last year with fitness tracking app MyFitnessPal. And Nike continues to up the ante on its suite of Nike+ fitness tracking mobile applications. Related Adidas x Stella McCartney Barricade Collection Debuts at Australian Open To boot, 3-D printing, body scanning and augmented reality could help capture consumers by revealing how products will look or feel on their bodies before purchase. It’s the ultimate in forward-looking technology, which consumers have craved since the 1985 movie “Back to the Future” — or even the Sixties cartoon “The Jetsons.” Recent Comments Add Comment 1 Person Commenting ravidash 1 month Technology adoption for realty how this material used to and feasibility study and all these areas that... It’s an exciting time, to say the least. “We are in the golden age of innovation in footwear right now,” said Matt Powell, sports industry analyst at The NPD Group Inc. Here, FN ranks eight of the hottest innovations affecting — and yet to affect — the market. 1. 3-D PRINTING (Eventually) Coming to a Home Near You The initial dream of 3-D printing was that consumers could print their own products at home. While the footwear market is not there yet, lower prices for 3-D printers have made the technology accessible to a larger number of shoe manufacturers, which is helping this innovation achieve mainstream recognition. Recently, athletic powerhouses such as Under Armour, Nike, Adidas and New Balance have produced special runs of sneakers with 3-D midsoles. But in about a year, footwear firms may hit a more-solid milestone: They should be able to produce short runs — including sole-tooling components, midsoles and shanks — that they’ve printed themselves for market introductions. “We’re just starting to see some examples of [3-D-printed shoe] production,” said Lee Dockstader, director of vertical market development for HP. In May, the company announced a 3-D printing partnership with Nike, and also revealed a printer that it said is 10 times faster and less expensive than other models. Dockstader declined to provide specifics on the timing or “strategic footwear applications” of HP’s Nike partnership, but he noted that during the Rio Olympics, 3-D-printed spike plates from New Balance and Nike’s Superfly Flyknit shoes will show the power of this innovation. “Industrially, in the U.S., 3-D printing is becoming a mainstay,” said Andy Polk, SVP of the Footwear Distributors & Retailers of America. “The confidence in a 3-D-printed spike plate on the bottom of a [performance] shoe speaks volumes to what this technology is about, how it’s transforming things.” As for when consumers could conceivably print, afford to print or even want to print their own shoes at home, industry watchers aren’t optimistic this will happen within the next five years. However, footwear manufacturers angling to get the attention of younger consumers who are fans of personalization could draw them in with accessories — for instance, selling designs for at-home printing or for printing at a local UPS store (a service that is available at 60 locations so far, with 100 planned). Scherf Design, in collaboration with Materialise, already has designs available for 3-D-printed high heels. Other ideas could be lace locks or trim that snaps to the side or bottom of shoes. “Millennials and Gen Xers are more interested in individualized products than a logo,” explained Jason Goldberg, SVP of commerce and content practice at interactive agency Razorfish. “At the moment, 3-D printers work best with things made out of plastic or that are ornamental as opposed to functional.” 2. IMAGE RECOGNITION See It, Snap It, Buy It Google’s purchase last month of image recognition startup Moodstocks alerted the world to the potential of this technology. One company already operating in that space is Slyce, a mobile image technology that recognizes products such as footwear in the real world, according to CEO Ted Mann. It’s being used inside the apps of at least 20 retailers, among them Neiman Marcus, Shoe Carnival, Nordstrom, Shoes.com and JCPenney. In the search bar of a company’s app, a camera icon appears, allowing users to launch Slyce’s universal scanner. Once the camera snaps a picture, the app utilizes 3-D optic recognition and shows either an exact match or a shoe with similar attributes. “If a retailer carries a wide variety of brands, we’re trying to get as exact a match as possible,” said Mann. “We want to get that precise pair of New Balance sneakers, or the most visually similar, but still that same brand.” Another area Slyce is working on involves “using chat-box messaging as a medium for delivering visual search results,” according to Mann. “You submit a picture of something [through a messenger program] and get back an exact match to that product.” Right now, Facebook is the prime messenger platform marketers have their eyes on, given it has more than 1 billion users. 3. 3-D SCANNING The Fit Is It Photo technology is also reaching new heights when it comes to getting exact measurements to achieve the best possible shoe or insole fit. Not unlike the premise of Adidas’ Futurecraft 3-D shoe prototype, some retailers have embarked on 3-D foot scanning to help improve the shopping experience. Zappos.com, for one, recently tested Intel’s RealSense technology. Its three cameras can “‘see’ like the human eye to sense depth,” according to Intel, and scan to create a digital 3-D version of a foot. Volumental is a 3-D scanning technology that utilizes RealSense cameras to assess feet and give recommendations on shoes. According to the company, Nordstrom is using its scanning device, as is New Balance, which has it in its Boston and Taipei flagship stores. In another iteration, an app in beta called Fitfully offers a 3-D foot scan that is completed via users’ iPhones. It’s geared toward online retailers and promises to take 30 seconds to reveal a pressure map of how a foot will fit a particular shoe. 4. AUGMENTED REALITY Even Better Than Virtual Reality Most market observers agree that virtual reality is an effective marketing strategy for retailers and brands — think watching Milan fashion shows via an Oculus Rift headset after the fact, or trekking the mountains via Merrell’s or The North Face’s VR experiences. Augmented reality, however, may serve as a bigger revenue-driver, helping consumers find the right products and actually make purchases. The difference, in part, comes from the fact that VR does not yet allow users to see their bodies, while AR can show what products look like on the body and offer 360-degree views. Nike in early July filed a patent for an augmented-reality design system, and such brands as Adidas and Lacoste have tested augmented-reality experiences and shoe try-ons. There is also the new line launched by High Beam Shoes to enhance “Pokemon Go” fun by lighting up and playing music when users are close to a Pokemon. The shoes will be available in the fall. That said, some footwear firms are testing more robust VR systems as well as planning for a switch-over to all-virtual prototypes, akin to Adidas’ virtual footwear wall found in some of its stores. Slyce’s Mann predicted that image recognition, augmented reality and possibly 3-D scanning could all unite one day to create a truly seamless buying process. “There will come a time when you’ll see a pair of shoes you like, you’ll be able to use your glasses or some other wearable to key in on those shoes, know what they are and maybe even buy them right there on the spot,” he said. 5. SMART SHOES Change Is Upon Us Looking good is not enough — products of the future need to be high-tech wonders as well. Already there are Altra and Under Armour sneakers that track distance and stride, while self-lacing or adjusting shoes are available in different iterations. Nike recently stepped up innovation in that area. And a company called Powerlace, which raised more than $25,000 in a recent Kickstarter campaign, promises to use a person’s weight to auto-lace sneakers. Then there’s Shift Sneaker — kicks that change color based on mood or fashion. The product is a creation of U.K.-based Rehabstudio. According to the firm, it uses “experimental technologies,” and although the concept is not available yet, it could be the next evolution of smart sneakers. The idea is that reactive textiles with adept fibers and mini LED lights change the colors of the sneakers via downloadable design packs. Colors can also change based on movement, temperature or location. But it’s not just about aesthetics. For instance, if an athlete uses the running pack, the sneakers will glow red, blue or green to show runners whether they’re on time, behind desired time or ahead. “We believe that in the future, when you buy a single pair of sneakers, you will actually be buying 1 million pairs [due to all the color options],” Shift states on its website. For his part, Razorfish’s Goldberg doesn’t disregard the idea. “Younger demographics want personalized and unique products. One of the ways is to build electronics into them,” he said. 6. ENDLESS-SHELF PROGRAMS In-Store Shopping with Online Efficiency At Aldo, a focus on omnichannel retailing has resulted in a test of in-store iPads and touchscreen TVs that consumers can use while shopping in 25 of the brand’s retail stores to see the types of footwear or specific shoes available in that store or other locations, said Grégoire Baret, senior director of omnichannel experience for Aldo. To take it a bit further, customers’ endless-shelf requests can prompt store associates’ mobile devices, improving the speed at which shoes are brought out by “runners” from storerooms. “Requesting a product and getting it for a consumer is reduced to the core: scan a product to check availability and tap a button to request it automatically from a runner. This means less time lost in the back-store and more face time for added value with our consumers,” said Baret, who added that conversion and engagement with customers is increasing. On Aug. 16, Aldo opened what Baret calls its “most advanced retail location to date” in Westfield World Trade Center in New York. The company will also be adding a request try-on feature directly from its consumer app, said Baret. In addition, Aldo is working on adding predictive product recommendations to its website. 7. DRONE DELIVERY Not As Creepy As It Sounds The rumors are true: Amazon Prime Air is testing drone delivery with more than a dozen prototypes in the U.S., the U.K., Austria and Israel, promising to deliver packages weighing up to five pounds in 30 minutes or less within 10 miles. Customers will get a message on their devices when a package is arriving at their home via an unmanned aerial vehicle, which uses sense-and-avoid technology to make it to delivery locations in one piece. In an introductory video to promote the service, Amazon specifically calls out the ease of a shoe delivery (youth size 3 Puma soccer cleats, to be specific, the left foot of the first pair having been eaten by a hypothetical family’s dog). “In time, there will be a whole family of Amazon drones — different designs for different environments,” the video narrator explains. While Amazon declined to comment on rollout timing beyond previous statements that research “will take some time,” Goldberg suggested that the fairly uniform weight and size of shoeboxes could make for a solid choice in drone delivery. However, he added, drone delivery may not be the go-to for another few years because it’s “not economically viable,” not to mention the hassles of navigating sticky government regulations. Still, at least one giant budget retailer, Walmart, is testing drones in its warehouses to handle inventory and speed up cataloging. So there might be a place for drones at the moment after all. 8. DATA COLLECTION  Knowing Is the Whole Battle By this point, it’s clear that data is more important for competition than ever before. As seen in many of the entries reported here, firms that put the power of data to use will stand apart from their peers. “Now that you literally can see how millions of customers are using your product and how it wears, you can imagine things proactively,” said Razorfish’s Jason Goldberg. For example, to provide curated assortments and improved “clienteling,” Under Armour and Nike are among the companies building communities online through social media and tracking technologies, which makes sense for customizing future shoe orders and, eventually, products. Looking ahead, Goldberg sees the possibility of home webcams placed in closets — or even existing home security systems — to capture daily what consumers wear and then analyze the shoes or colors worn most. “It’s collecting new valuable data about what you like or use to make curation better,” he said. “In five years, I would not be surprised if we are all wearing some kind of device and are wired to our phone,” predicted NPD Group’s Matt Powell. “We’ll all be measuring something.” However, Goldberg added, “The hurdle for none of these is technology — it’s customer adoption.” As finicky consumers have proven, the crux is sticking with a technology longer to make its benefits last. — Illustrations by DAVE HOMER   Want More? Amazon.com Inc. Acquires Technology Company Shoefitr The 6 Coolest High-Tech Shoes Of 2015 New Balance’s 2016 Agenda: Big Push With Running &amp; 3D Technology Adidas Expands Digital Tech Reach, Acquires Runtastic — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Business, Focus, Media, Opinion & Analysis, North America, Adidas, Amazon, New Balance, Nike, Under Armour Share This Article Email Tumblr WhatsApp LinkedIn Post navigation ← Under Armour’s The Rock Tops Forbes’ 2016 Highest-Paid Actors List Brandblack’s Motorcycle-Themed Collab With Titan In Stores Now → One thought on “In Depth: 8 High-Tech Ideas That Will Change the Shoe World” Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. ravidash says: November 27, 2016 at 8:54 pm Technology adoption for realty how this material used to and feasibility study and all these areas that the way go with economical please discuss Reply Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: December 2016 Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 12/19/2016 Read Now Korean Box Office Flat in 2016 Despite Local Hits Shadowhunters Recap: Jace Embraces His Dark Roots in Season 2… Will 'Twin Peaks' Get Sundance Sneak Before Showtime Debut? Rebecca Ferguson Agrees To Sing At Trump's Inauguration — But… SpaceX rockets will finally fly again this week Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line BGR WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters Opinion Hillary’s Secret Kremlin Connection Is Quickly Unraveling Exactly how Clinton profited off deals with Skolkovo is something the American public has a right to know before November 8 By John R. Schindler • 08/25/16 3:00pm Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. (Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Recent headlines have brought attention to the seedier side of Hillary Clinton’s tenure as secretary of state during President Obama’s first term. This scheme, which gives every appearance of being about pay-for-play, solicited donations from foreign big-shots in exchange for access to the boss of American foreign policy. I’ll leave to others to assess the legality of this shady business—for now it’s the national security implications we need to discuss. It’s a big deal when the person who’s possibly our next president—and if polls are accurate, she probably will be—has sold access to foreign bidders before taking the oath of office. It’s especially worrisome when some of those foreigners are in Moscow. I’ve previously explained how Donald Trump possesses unsavory Russian ties. He parrots Kremlin propaganda, his inner circle includes people on Moscow’s payroll, and top American intelligence officials have called him an “unwitting agent” of Vladimir Putin. This is a serious matter deserving close scrutiny. Just as serious is how the Kremlin has forged links with nearly all the presidential candidates this year, not just Trump—so much so that, no matter who wins on November 8, Putin will, too. Hillary Clinton also possesses Moscow links that merit investigation. I’ve previously explained how Kremlin money found its way to the Podesta Group, the prominent Democratic lobbying firm that just happens to be headed by the brother of her campaign chairman, John Podesta (who co-founded the firm). However, recent revelations indicate that Hillary’s dubious Kremlin ties go far deeper. A new report by Peter Schweizer, who’s spent years investigating the dubious and convoluted finances of Clinton, Inc., raises troubling questions about just how deep Hillary’s Moscow’s ties are—and whom exactly they’re with. Schweizer shows that John Podesta sat on the board of a Dutch-registered company that took $35 million from the Kremlin. The company was a transparent Russian front, and how much Podesta was compensated—and for what—is unclear. In addition, Podesta failed to disclose his position on that board to the Federal government, as required by law. ‘In the old days, the KGB had to recruit spies to steal Western technology—now they do deals with you.’ Even worse is how Clinton, Inc. profited from the Russian “reset” that was one of the big achievements of Hillary’s tenure at Foggy Bottom. Never mind that the reset was a disaster, culminating in Kremlin aggression against Ukraine. Hillary’s signature program at the State Department ended in unambiguous failure. Yet Clinton, Inc. did very well out of the temporary warming of relations with Moscow. As part of the reset, Hillary encouraged and enabled American and European investment in Russia, particularly in high-tech firms. A key role was played by the Skolkovo Innovation Center, a sprawling complex in Moscow’s western suburbs that was established in 2009 as Russia’s answer to Silicon Valley. With encouragement from the State Department, American companies jumped aboard. Cisco pledged $1 billion of investment in Skolkovo in 2010, and Google and Intel quickly joined the bandwagon. All three “just happened” to be major investors in the Clinton Foundation too. This was the consistent pattern. As Schweizer explained, “Of the 28 U.S., European and Russian companies that participated in Skolkovo, 17 of them were Clinton Foundation donors” or had hired former President Clinton to give speeches. How much money these Skolkovo benefactors gave to Clinton, Inc. cannot yet be determined, but Schweizer concluded that it’s somewhere between $6.5 million and $23.5 million, with the proviso that since the Clinton Foundation has yet to reveal all its donors, the true figure could be much higher. Then there’s the matter of what Skolkovo actually is. In truth, it’s nothing like Silicon Valley except in outward appearance. It’s a fully state-driven enterprise—funded largely by the Kremlin and acting on its orders. It does the bidding of the Russian government, and President Putin has taken intense interest in his high-tech complex, understanding its value to the country’s defense and security sector. Therefore, it’s no surprise that Western intelligence considers Skolkovo to be an extension of Russia’s military-industrial complex—and its intelligence services. A July 2013 unclassified study by U.S. European Command that surveyed Skolkovo activities suggested, in delicate language, that Russia’s Silicon Valley is “an overt alternative to clandestine industrial espionage.” Stealing the West’s hi-tech secrets has long been a Kremlin forte, and Skolkovo is merely the newest effort to purloin our advanced technology. The FBI was less guarded. In April 2014, in a rare public statement, the Bureau’s Boston field office warned American firms about dealings with Russian entities, naming the Skolkovo Foundation as a particular source of concern. Terming it “a means for the Russian government to access our nation’s sensitive or classified research, development facilities and dual-use technologies with military and commercial applications,” the FBI added that Skolkovo had commercial contracts with Kamaz, a Russian defense firm that builds armored vehicles. “The FBI fears that Kamaz will provide Russia’s military with innovative research obtained from the Foundation’s U.S. partners,” warned the Bureau. Then there’s the matter of Skolkovo’s links to Russian intelligence, particularly the powerful Federal Security Service or FSB. Schweizer dryly notes, “Skolkovo happens to be the site of the FSB’s security centers 16 and 18, which are in charge of information warfare for the Russian government.” This is the polite way of saying that some of Russia’s state-linked hackers are at Skolokovo. It’s more than a little ironic that the hackers who have pillaged the Democratic National Committee and stolen Hillary’s emails may be sitting in the very hi-tech compound that Clinton, Inc. helped Russia develop. These assessments by the Pentagon, the FBI and Schweizer are unclassified. In private, Western security experts are less guarded. “It’s an obvious Kremlin front,” explained a Pentagon intelligence official about Skolkovo. “In the old days, the KGB had to recruit spies to steal Western technology, now they do deals with you. The theft is the same.” One European intelligence official added that his country’s security service concluded, after close observation, that several top Skolkovo officials are actually FSB officers: “We’ve seen guys from Skolkovo acting like intelligence collectors, not tech entrepreneurs,” he elaborated. In the heady days of the reset, back in Obama’s first term when America’s foreign policy establishment hoped to get on Vladimir Putin’s good side, perhaps helping Moscow develop its own Silicon Valley seemed like a good idea. However, Hillary Clinton should have been more careful about partnering with the Kremlin in a sector that’s so important to our national security. Above all, Clinton, Inc’s shady pay-for-play scheme should have never made a buck off technology transfers to Russia’s military and intelligence services. Exactly how Hillary profited off deals with Skolkovo—and how much—is something the American public has a right to know before November 8. John Schindler is a security expert and former National Security Agency analyst and counterintelligence officer. A specialist in espionage and terrorism, he’s also been a Navy officer and a War College professor. He’s published four books and is on Twitter at @20committee. Up NextClinton Can Play It Safe—But That Won’t Help Her Party Article continues below More from Politics Clinton Can Play It Safe—But That Won’t Help Her Party Up NextClinton Can Play It Safe—But That Won’t Help Her Party Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
To enjoy our website, you'll need to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Please click here to learn how. News Briefs home uk us world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Subscribe to eNewsletter Tweet To Be Influential, Not To Be Famous: Pastor John Piper On 'Sin' Of Seeking Fame Online Girl 'Suicide Bomber' Aged 10 Brings New Year Islamist Terror To Nigeria Evangelism And Mission: Why They Aren't So Different After All Brits Can Use Christian Faith To Heal Divisions Left By Brexit, Says Archbishop 5 Bible verses on how to be a good Christian parent MacBook Pro 2016 release date still unconfirmed; Rumored specs include Intel Kaby Lake Genesis Padua 25 August 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it Next Post >> Apple A lot of rumors about the release date of the much-awaited MacBook Pro 2016 are thriving as the year progresses, with people saying that it is going to be launched soon, along with the iPhone 7. According to Mobile & Apps, some sources report that the upcoming Apple laptop will have slimmer and lighter features as compared to earlier versions. As for its other design-related specs, the MacBook Pro 2016 will also reportedly have an OLED touch panel, and it will be the butterfly keyboard switch that serves as a replacement for the function keys on the keyboard. Also, the upcoming laptop is rumored to have a Touch ID button with its panel. Furthermore, it is also expected for the MacBook Pro 2016 to have a USB Type-C port enhanced with the Thunderbolt 3 functionality in order to ensure a faster data transfer. For its processor, Neurogadget reports that the Apple laptop is rumored to be powered by the latest generation of the Intel Kaby Lake processors. As most tech enthusiasts know, this processor has not been released yet, so supposedly, once this Intel processor is released, the newest MacBook Pro will be released after a short time. However, should the September 2016 release rumor prove to be true, the laptop will instead have an Intel Skylake processor instead. As for its software features, the MacBook Pro 2016 is rumored to run on the latest macOS Sierra. What this means is that Siri, the iPhone's personal voice assistant, will be introduced for the MacBooks as well, in the same way Cortana was introduced in the latest Windows 10 OS. Siri is expected to feature some neat functionalities such as Voice Feedback, Switch Control accessibility and file management. With this, the MacBook Pro 2016 is rumored to launch in September, but without any official confirmation, fans should just wait for further announcements. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Pin it Anti-Christian crackdown in Cuba: Over 1,000 churches seized, Christians dragged away from homes, churches 3 reasons we shouldn't put all our faith in science Tweet Email More News in News Briefs Pope Francis' Christmas Message Calls For End To War Pope Francis used his Christmas blessing to call for an end to fighting in Syria and the Holy Land. Pope Francis: Christmas Has Been 'Taken Hostage' Pope Francis said on Saturday that Christmas had been "taken hostage" by dazzling materialism that puts God in the shadows and blinds many to the needs of the hungry, the migrants and the war weary. RECOMMENDED STORIES Tweet To Be Influential, Not To Be Famous: Pastor John Piper On 'Sin' Of Seeking Fame Online Evangelism And Mission: Why They Aren't So Different After All It Feels Like Hard Work: The Fight For Fulfilment In Our Jobs How To Deal With 2017 Silence Review: Hollywood's Gift To The Church That Might Just Save Your Faith Song Of The Year #5: 'Shout Out To My Ex' By Little Mix 6 Reasons Why Christian Parents Should Share Their Faith With Their Kids Meet Uganda's Millionaire-Making Farmer AROUND THE WORLD Christian Woman Stabbed By Afghan Migrant 'For Reading From The Bible' Girl 'Suicide Bomber' Aged 10 Brings New Year Islamist Terror To Nigeria Islamic State Claims Turkey Nightclub Mass Shooting Pope Francis Condemns 'Plague Of Terrorism' After Turkey Attack Human Rights Lawyer Who Disappeared Into Custody In China Is Released One Christian Died For Their Faith Every Six Minutes In 2016 Get the Christian news that matters straight to your inbox! No thanks / I subscribed already Most popular Silence Review: Hollywood's Gift To The Church That Might Just Save Your Faith 7 Tips For Reading Through The Bible In A Year Strengthen Your Devotion to God With These 3 New Year Resolutions Christian Man Refuses to Deny Christ as ISIS Fanatics Hang Him and Torture Him With Nails 5 Bible verses on how to help a suffering friend Why do you keep finding Mr. Wrong? 3 Ways to Recover from a Painful Year MORE ON CHRISTIAN TODAY The Highs And Lows Of 2016 On Christian Today How To Allow God To Use Your Life For Extraordinary Things 'It Was A Miracle': The Incredible Story Of Hope In Thailand's Refugee Camps The Highs And Lows Of 2016 On Christian Today home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today home uk world church society life entertainment comment video gracevine Christian Today is a Christian Media Corporation Company Copyright © 2017 Christian Today. All Rights Reserved. About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Edition: Intl UK

null
close × Are you getting the best rate from your broker? Compare your broker's rates now to find out if you can save money Choose your broker below Thank you for selecting your broker We are redirecting you to the Broker Center now Vanguard Fidelity TD Ameritrade E-Trade Other close × Welcome to ETFdb.com. Please help us personalize your experience. Select the one that best describes you Thank you for your submission, we hope you enjoy your experience Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Pricing Free Sign Up Login Database Screener Newsletter Free Tools News ETFdb PRO ETF Research Market Catalysts Trump's Victory Rising Interest Rates Italy EU Exit Yuan Devaluation Old Market Catalysts If Hillary Clinton Wins ETF Investing 101 ETF Industry ETF Investing ETF Trading Strategies ETF Tax Efficiency Expertise & Resources Q&A Interviews Investor Tools & Resources ETFdb.com Categories Income Investing Retirement Advice Dividend ETFs Fixed Income ETFs Equity Investing Equity ETFs Technology ETFs Financials ETFs Emerging Markets ETFs International ETFs Energy Investing Oil & Natural Gas ETFs Energy ETFs MLP ETFs Alternative Investing Precious Metals ETFs Commodity ETFs Real Estate ETFs Volatility ETFs Currency ETFs Currency Hedged ETFs Actively Managed ETFs Geared Investing Leveraged ETFs Inverse ETFs Popular ETFs QQQ VOO VTI GDX FV IWM BND XLE TLT IBB GLD WDIV QID SHY Advisor Center Practice Management Portfolio Management AI ETFs Pricing Free Sign Up Login ETFdb.com Premium Forgot Password? Advanced Follow ETFdb.com Advanced Home Database Screener Newsletter Free Tools News ETFdb PRO ETF Research Market Catalysts Trump's Victory Rising Interest Rates Italy EU Exit Yuan Devaluation Old Market Catalysts If Hillary Clinton Wins ETF Investing 101 ETF Industry ETF Investing ETF Trading Strategies ETF Tax Efficiency Expertise & Resources Q&A Interviews Investor Tools & Resources ETFdb.com Categories Income Investing Retirement Advice Dividend ETFs Fixed Income ETFs Equity Investing Equity ETFs Technology ETFs Financials ETFs Emerging Markets ETFs International ETFs Energy Investing Oil & Natural Gas ETFs Energy ETFs MLP ETFs Alternative Investing Precious Metals ETFs Commodity ETFs Real Estate ETFs Volatility ETFs Currency ETFs Currency Hedged ETFs Actively Managed ETFs Geared Investing Leveraged ETFs Inverse ETFs Popular ETFs QQQ VOO VTI GDX FV IWM BND XLE TLT IBB GLD WDIV QID SHY Advisor Center Practice Management Portfolio Management AI ETFs Trending on ETFdb.com: Markets Stand Still as Central Bankers Gather in Wyoming News Share Trending on ETFdb.com: Markets Stand Still as Central Bankers Gather in Wyoming Iuri StrutaAug 25, 2016 2016-08-25 ETFdb.com analyzes the search patterns of our visitors each week. By sharing these trends with our readers, we hope to provide insights into what the financial world is concerned about and how to position your portfolio. There was no central theme this week, except perhaps for the presence of three assets sensible to interest rates – namely the U.S. dollar, mortgage-backed securities and inverse bonds, all situated on the bottom of the list. Further up on the list, telecom ETFs have taken first place, followed by semiconductors. Both assets have outperformed the broad market lately. Telecom: Fed Lends a Hand Telecommunication stocks have claimed first place on this week’s list for no obvious reasons. Telecom ETFs have seen their traffic increase over 70% this week compared to the same period a week ago, despite a sluggish performance in the past five days. For example, iShares U.S. Telecommunications (IYZ B+) has slumped 0.22% since last Thursday, but is up 10.63% since the beginning of the year. Telecom stocks have posted a better performance than the broad market year-to-date and over the past twelve months, as many of these defensive stocks were attractive for their stable dividends. The two largest U.S. telecom companies, AT&T (T) and Verizon (VZ), which make up a fifth of iShares U.S. Telecommunications, each pay an annual dividend of more than 4%. Indeed, these two stocks have outperformed the telecom ETF, with Verizon jumping nearly 14% since the beginning of the year and AT&T soaring more than 18%. Whether this outperformance will continue depends on the companies’ abilities to innovate over the long-term and the Federal Reserve’s actions in the near term. In no small part telecom stocks have been boosted by the Fed’s decision to delay an interest rate hike. The lack of action from the Fed prompted investors to search for better riskier yields in defensive stocks, including telecom firms. Over the longer term, however, the companies face challenges from new powerful entrants, such as Google (GOOGL), but also from startups strictly focusing on the emerging Internet of Things market. The largest carriers are counting on the IoT for the next wave of growth. Semiconductors: Better United Semiconductors stocks have taken the second spot on the list, not far behind telecom, with a 67% increase in viewership over the past week. Semiconductors have performed even better than telecom stocks over the past period. For instance, iShares PHLX Semiconductor (SOXX B+) has risen 0.83% since last Thursday, extending year-to-date gains to as much as 20%. The reason for such an outstanding performance is excellent earnings results for the latest quarter reported by some industry giants, including Intel (INTC), Qualcomm (QCOM) and Nvidia (NVDA). The three companies beat or posted earnings in line with analysts’ estimates. Turning to the smaller capitalization semiconductor companies, there is a full-fledged consolidation process underway, as many players are desperate for synergies and cost savings. Just recently, Analog Devices agreed to acquire Linear Technology in a deal worth $14.8 billion, while a bit earlier Japan’s Softbank announced plans to take over British-based ARM Holdings. Inverse Bonds: Need Inflation ETFs benefiting from rising bond yields have had a bad year so far, with interest rates hovering near record lows. Inverse Bonds have seen their viewership increase nearly 63%, closely behind semiconductors. iPath US Treasury 10-year Bear (DTYS A) has continued to flounder over the past five days, down 3.80%, extending year-to-date losses to as much as 41.29%. The future performance of these ETFs largely hinges on one big economic variable – inflation. Low inflation in the U.S. and across the developed world has emboldened central banks to launch unprecedented monetary stimulus measures, boosting bonds of all stripes. Although the Federal Reserve has terminated its asset-buying program long ago, low interest rates and subdued inflation have kept yields in check, with the 10-year Treasury notes returning only 1.5%. Going forward, inverse bonds are hardly expected to perform any better, given that inflation for the most recent month was 0%. The Federal Reserve’s minutes for July revealed that all policymakers agreed there was no risk of inflation running amok anytime soon, suggesting they will not hurry in accelerating the interest rate cycle. U.S. Dollar: All Eyes on Wyoming The U.S. dollar has taken fourth place on our weekly list, with a 40% increase in traffic. The greenback has been somewhat volatile lately, moving sideways, as investors await a clearer signal from the Federal Reserve about its plans to raise interest rates. PowerShares DB US Dollar Index (UUP A) has risen slightly over the past week, 0.12%, but it is still down 4.48% since the beginning of the year. Volatility in the dollar is expected on Friday, when Federal Reserve’s Janet Yellen is due to speak at the annual Jackson Hole symposium. Although the most powerful central bankers gather to exchange ideas on economics, they could drop hints about the future monetary policy. As of now, the Fed is not expected to raise interest rates soon, making the dollar a poor investment. A subdued inflation report for the latest month proved another headwind for the greenback. Mortgage-Backed Securities: Bad Legacy Bites Mortgage-Backed Securities are last on our weekly list with a 24% rise in traffic, despite a somewhat weak performance lately. For example, iShares MBS (MBB A) has jumped 0.15% in the past five days, extending year-to-date gains to 2.14%. Although the low interest rates should have boosted the MBS market, many of the instruments are shunned by investors because of their link to the financial crisis. The underlying fundamentals, however, look strong, with the housing industry in good health. New home sales are continuing to rise. In July, about 654,000 homes were sold on an annualized basis compared to the downwardly revised 582,000 in the previous month. The Bottom Line This week the outperformance of telecom and semiconductors ETFs have attracted our readers. Semiconductors ETFs have performed better than telecom ETFs, but the latter provides better yields and are more stable. Meanwhile, mortgage-backed securities, the U.S. dollar and inverse bonds, all sensitive to interest rate movements, are expected to become volatile over the next few days as central bankers descend on Wyoming for the annual Jackson Hole symposium. By analyzing how you, our valued readers, search our property each week, we hope to uncover important trends that will help you understand how the market is behaving so you can fine-tune your investment strategy. At the end of the week, we’ll share these trends, giving you better insight into the relevant market events that will allow you to make more valuable decisions for your portfolio. Get Email Updates Subscribe to receive FREE updates, insights and more, straight to your inbox Popular Articles Sponsored Best Online Brokers 2016-10-13 At ETFdb.com a large portion of our readership is of a discerning, self-directed nature. As such,... ETF Trading Strategies ETF Options Income - Part 3: Increase Your ETF Yields with Call Writing David DierkingDec 30, 2016 2016-12-30 With Treasury yields on the rise, the list of choices for investors seeking to increase their... ETF Trading Strategies ETF Options Income - Part 2: Earn Income with Weekly Options David DierkingDec 29, 2016 2016-12-29 While dividend and bond investing remain perhaps the most familiar methods of generating weekly... Loading Articles... Knowledge Centers Help & Info Contact Us About Us Mission Statement Sitemap ETFdb.com in the News Tools ETF Screener ETF Analyzer Mutual Fund to ETF Converter Head-To-Head ETF Comparison ETF Country Exposure Tool ETF Stock Exposure Tool ETFdb.com Realtime Ratings Model Portfolios More Tools ETF Analytics ETF Launch Center ETF Friendly Advisors Financial Advisor & RIA Center ETFdb.com RSS Feed Data & Licensing ETFdb.com iOS App ETFdb.com Android App Explore ETFs ETF Picks of the Month ETF Category Reports Premium Articles Monthly Newsletter Alphabetical Listing of ETFs Best ETFs Browse ETFs by ETFdb.com Category Browse ETFs by Index Browse ETFs by Issuer Compare ETFs ETFdb.com 60 ETF Library ETFdb.com TV Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow ETFdb.com Follow ETFdb.com Mitre Media Advertise With Us © 2017 Mitre Media × Close Free ETFdb.com Newsletter Get the latest ETF news, analysis, and commentary from the independent authority on ETFs. Subscribe to the ETFdb.com Daily Roundup today. Actionable ETF Investment Ideas Analysis of Every New ETF ETF News and Head-to-Head Comparisons We Respect Your Privacy × Close Advertisement Close × Close Wait! Is your portfolio protected for what the markets will bring this fall? ETF Investing The Low-Risk “All-Weather” Portfolio Joel Kranc 2015-10-20 Creating a properly diversified portfolio can be a difficult proposition, especially when... ETF Investing Low Volatility ETF List Low Volatility ETFs invest in securities with low volatility characteristics. These funds tend to have relatively stable share prices, and higher than average yields. ETF Investing 10 ETFs for Risk Reduction in Your Portfolio Bob Ciura 2016-03-22 Investors who suspect that the stock market may be about to decline can take action to reduce the... Close } X
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Cars > Want a HUD in your motorcycle helmet? Livemap… Want a HUD in your motorcycle helmet? Livemap survives where Skully crashed By Bill Roberson — August 24, 2016 5:10 PM Subscribe Share Bill Roberson/Digital Trends One of the hottest trends in motorcycle gear today is the connected helmet. Once anathema to motorcyclists who treasured their rides as blissful solace from the intrusions of our increasingly high-tech world, connected helmets are finally becoming a thing. Resistance has slowly broken down as riders swapped earplugs for iPod earbuds, and eventually, earbuds for Bluetooth modules and speakers that add music, navigation (via voice prompt), and communication with their significant other (via smartphone) to their lids. Even bicycle helmet makers have gotten into the act. While motorcycle touring riders on glossy full-boat rigs like the Honda Goldwing and Harley Ultra Classic have used wired systems for intercom, CB, and music for decades, the rise of the multi-function wirelessly connected helmet is essentially as new as the smartphone. In 2013, two men started work on what they hoped would be revolutionary helmets with groundbreaking built-in technologies. Dr. Marcus Weller began work on the Skully helmet, a bucket with a next-level, full-on, computer-in-your-helmet system. It included a 180-degree rear camera piping full-time video to a small heads-up display (HUD) up front, along with voice-controlled navigation, music, and communication. At almost the same time, a young Russian entrepreneur named Andrew Artishchev also began work on a high-tech helmet. Called Livemap, Artishchev’s concept had an interesting tech twist. Artishchev’s helmet projects GPS and other information right into the visor and the rider’s sightline. The Skully P-1 (as it was known in 2013) was intended to give riders 360-degree situational awareness and connectivity while riding. We questioned the safety aspect of what appeared to be a helmet full of distractions, but Dr. Weller, a psychologist, was convincing in explaining that his approach would actually keep riders’ eyes on the road more than ever, since checking mirrors and glancing at instruments or GPS displays could now be relegated to the helmet’s nearly line-of-sight display module. In 2014, the Skully project, now called the AR-1, smashed crowdfunding records and eager tech-hungry riders ponied up to $1,500 apiece for the sci-fi-looking buckets. They then waited for production to get underway. And waited… And waited… As we recently witnessed, the Skully story went terribly, horribly wrong: The project cratered into bankruptcy amid charges of corporate shenanigans and lavish spending of donors’ money. If you’re one of the lucky backers who actually took delivery of one of the small number of Skully helmets that actually got produced, software updates won’t happen anytime soon — and eBay might be a smart option. But the idea of projecting data into the rider’s line of sight in such a way as to be more helpful than obtrusive (and possibly dangerous) is a worthy goal, just as it is in cars and fighter planes. Meanwhile, as Skully’s leaders fiddled, Artishchev pressed on with his Livemap system. Rather than use a small HUD viewscreen the rider sees in his peripheral vision, Livemap projects GPS and other information right into the visor and the rider’s sightline, so the rider can see directions laid out before him without taking his eyes off the road. This was essentially the same goal Weller had with Skully, according to our 2013 interview, but Weller’s design was different, and perhaps inferior in concept in some ways to Artishchev’s. Indeed, the Livemap idea garnered an Intel Make It Wearable semifinalist award in 2014. In the months before Skully became a crowdfunding pariah, Digital Trends met with Artishchev in Los Angeles to take a look at his prototype and talk to him about the technologies involved. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The LiveMap helmet consists of a small HUD projection system similar to those fighter pilots have used for years, but with some crucial differences. The image a pilot sees is typically thrown from a small projector onto an angled, transparent eyepiece in front of her eyes, so wherever she looks, the HUD view remains more or less in place. The LiveMap helmet emulates this approach, with some accommodations for the helmet’s use on public roadways. But Livemap’s display activates only as needed rather than staying on all the time, which likely will help battery life. As an added challenge, the traditional fighter pilot HUD locates the imaging hardware atop the helmet. This is fine for throttle jockeys lining up a missile strike, but a total no-go for motorcyclists who need their helmets to protect their heads first and foremost. Also, the regulatory bodies that certify motorcycle helmets will definitely frown on metal and glass bits that could be driven through the helmet liner and into a rider’s head in the event of a crash. Artishchev’s solution? Shrink the projection system and incorporate it into the chinbar area, similar (but likely more complicated) to what Skully eventually executed. With a key difference: Artishchev’s projection system needs to be projected up into the visor in such a way as to be readable, while still fitting into the chinbar. To make that approach work, the trickiest part of the tech may very well be the visor itself. This is constructed as a hybrid of regular visor material (plastic) with very thin layers of a super-thin semi-reflective material on highly polished spaces in the visor on which the projected data lands, and at a steep angle no less. The visor must also remain essentially transparent as to not obstruct the rider’s vision in any way. And, of course, riders need to be able to lift and move the visor in the same way they do with a normal helmet. The projected data, a colorful and transparent mix of lane markers, arrows, letters, and numbers looked clear and legible. The first prototype Artishchev put together used an overhead system as proof of concept. However, he showed Digital Trends a new prototype with a more normal form factor — the projection electronics are now located in the chinbar and a hardwired computer (and eventually, an app-running smartphone, of course) for control of streaming and displaying data. To his credit, Artishchev’s second prototype — which we were able to sample in static operation but not out on the road — ably demonstrated his approach, permitting a clear view ahead while also showing direction data and other information in the rider’s field of view. The visor was clear when worn, and the projected data, a colorful and transparent mix of lane markers, arrows, letters, and numbers, looked clear and legible. The direction information is neatly presented in a small area in the line of sight; it doesn’t take over the whole visor. Again, the projection system is not omnipresent like it was in the Skully lid, it only pops up as needed in Artishschev’s design. But with the helmet off, the projection screens in the visor are clearly visible. It’s a complicated visor. The effect when wearing the helmet was both interesting and a bit off-putting at first, but it’s easy to see how a rider could quickly get used to it and make good use of the system once a pattern of control over the data is made habit. Future technical improvements include an Android operating system, a global maps database, LTE connectivity, and other data points including weather and traffic. A front-facing 4K camera for recording ride footage is also planned but was not present on the helmet we sampled. The primary key to moving the Livemap helmet towards actual production, of course, is greatly shrinking the electronics and projections system in the chinbar to fit a normal helmet profile. It’s not an easy (or cheap) task, especially for a guy who isn’t crowdfunding his development costs. Also, the prototype visor is very delicate, and it will take several generations of refinement before it can be both functional and durable, a serious challenge considering the regular beatings a helmet visor takes from bugs, road debris, accidental drops, and generally banging into stuff. But Artishchev is without a doubt onto something good with the Livemap. When Digital Trends first contacted Artishchev, part of his presentation included leveling complaints against the Skully team (and some other companies), whom he accused of appropriating his approach and ideas. Please enable Javascript to watch this video Just recently, Digital Trends spoke with Skully when it appeared full-scale production of the AR-1 was about to commence. The company had offered to send a marketing representative along with a production helmet to our Portland, Oregon, location for an up-close inspection and test ride. We hoped to ask them about Artishchev’s allegations and compare the technologies; that clearly isn’t going to happen. Despite Artishchev’s accusations, there are clear differences between many facets and functions of the helmets, including the display system and the depth of the tech involved. This is especially notable in regards to the rear camera, the self-contained in-helmet computer system and custom OS that were centerpieces of the Skully AR-1. It’s all semantics now, but the beat goes on for Livemap and other helmet makers looking to move skid lids beyond their once-simple jobs as protectors of our delicate noggins. Artishchev, as we mentioned previously, is not using crowdfunding to keep his LiveMap helmet project alive, and if you’d like to contact and support him, go to his website. The Livemap helmet is priced at $1,500 and is available for pre-order with a target delivery date of summer 2017 for U.S. markets and later dates for international locations. According to his website, Artishchev will show a third-generation prototype helmet at CES this coming January. Also watch: Share
null
Bereiche News Rewind Tipps & Berichte Forum Galerie Journals Events Umfragen Themenwoche Kleinanzeigen Interaktiv Anmelden Registrierung Zu allen empfangenen Nachrichten Suche... Zur erweiterten Suche REWIND Testübersicht 2016 iPhone komplett löschen Siri-Vorschläge deaktivieren Mediengestalter gesucht! WLAN-Probleme beheben iPhone nass geworden? Die meistgelesenen Meldungen des Jahres Dateien sicher löschen Tipp: Touch Bar konfigurieren In-App-Käufe wiederherstellen Barrierefreie Technologie Rückblick auf 2016 15 Jahre Mac OS X iOS 10: Kleinere Neuerungen Die wichtigsten Siri-Sprachbefehle Anmelden 25.08.16, 15:45·Hardware·sb USB-C & Thunderbolt 3 - Was kann man von Apple erwarten? In verschiedenen Medien macht aktuell ein bereits im Juni bekannt gewordener Hinweis auf USB 3.1 Gen 2 in macOS Sierra die Runde. Dieses neue USB 3.1 bietet 10 Gbps und ist nur über USB-C-Anschlüsse verfügbar. Dabei darf allerdings nicht der Fehler gemacht werden, USB 3.1 Gen 2 mit Thunderbolt 3 gleichzusetzen, auch wenn beide USB-C-Anschlüsse voraussetzen. USB-C ist wie Lightning ein Multifunktions-Anschluss, der verschiedene Übertragungsprotokolle anbieten kann. Zwingend kombiniert werden muss USB-C mit Thunderbolt 3 jedoch nicht, wie das aktuelle 12" MacBook Retina mit Intels Skylake-Prozessor beweist. Anders herum schreibt Thunderbolt 3 allerdings USB-C als Stecker vor. Drei Möglichkeiten Bei der Konkurrenz gibt es auch ältere Skylake-Computer mit USB 3.1 Gen 2 sowie Thunderbolt 3. Für Apple ergeben sich daher drei Möglichkeiten, eine Aktualisierung der Macs durchzuführen. Zum einen könnte Apple tatsächlich die neuen Kaby-Lake-Prozessoren von Intel verbauen, die von Haus aus sowohl Thunderbolt 3 als auch USB 3.1 Gen 2 beherrschen. Zum anderen könnte Apple aber auch auf Skylake-Prozessoren setzen, bei denen Thunderbolt 3 im Prozessor enthalten ist, während über einen Zusatzchip USB 3.1 Gen 2 realisiert wird. In beiden Fällen gäbe es nur noch USB-C. Es wäre aber auch möglich, dass Apple wie bisher Thunderbolt 3 in den Prozessoren ignoriert und weiterhin bei Thunderbolt 2 mit eigenem Thunderbolt-Anschluss bleibt, während dazu USB 3.1 Gen 2 über einen USB-C-Anschluss hinzukommt. Kombinationsmatrix Protokoll  Geschwindigkeit in Skylake in Kaby Lake USB 3.1 Gen 1 5 Gbps integriert integriert USB 3.1 Gen 2 10 Gbps optional integriert Thunderbolt 2 20 Gbps optional optional Thunderbolt 3 40 Gbps optional integriert Thunderbolt 3 ohne 5K Ein (Vermarktungs-)Problem bei Thunderbolt 3 ist nämlich, dass Intel im letzten Moment die Unterstützung für 5K-Displays mit DisplayPort 1.4 gestrichen hat. Um solche hochauflösenden externen Displays betreiben zu können, bleibt damit nur der Weg über externe Thunderbolt-Grafikmodule, in denen ein Grafikchip das erforderlich DisplayPort 1.3/1.4 für 5K-Displays bereitstellt. Apple müsste in macOS Sierra allerdings diese externen Grafikmodule über Thunderbolt 3 unterstützen, wofür es bislang in macOS Sierra jedoch keinen Hinweis gibt. Thunderbolt 3 über USB-C Abgesehen von der doppelten Bandbreite in Höhe von 40 Gbps und dem erforderlichen USB-C-Stecker könnte Thunderbolt 3 daher für Mac-Nutzer keinen Vorteil bieten. Sofern Apple nicht doch noch ein externes Grafikmodul vorstellt, werden hochauflösende 5K-Displays erst mit Thunderbolt 4 und dem enthaltenen DisplayPort 1.4 zur Verfügung stehen. Bis dahin bliebe der 27" iMac der einzige 5K-Mac. 0 0 18 Kommentare Kommentare struffsky25.08.16 15:48 Von Apple ist zu erwarten: Maximale Gewinnmarge. Ich tippe auf 4 USB 3.1 Buchsen mit 5 GB/S Und bitte, Apple, überrasche mich positiv! Deppomat25.08.16 16:11 Einen weiteren Vorteil hätte man doch: Dank USB-C fallen für TB die teuren Verbindungen weg, was sowohl billigere Kabel als auch billigere externe Geräte möglich macht. Mir hat mal ein Hardware-Entwickler erklärt, daß bei einem kleinen 550€-TB-Audiointerface ca. 200€ für den TB-Anschluß draufgehen. Wegen aktiver Elektronik und Lizenzen und Kalibrierung. gritsch25.08.16 16:20 In Skylake ist doch kein TB 3 integriert. Deinn mein iMac 5K (iMac17,1) hat eine Skylake-CPU aber nur TB 2! gritsch25.08.16 16:21 Deppomat Mir hat mal ein Hardware-Entwickler erklärt, daß bei einem kleinen 550€-TB-Audiointerface ca. 200€ für den TB-Anschluß draufgehen. Wegen aktiver Elektronik und Lizenzen und Kalibrierung. Die extra elektronik hast du nach wie vor! wird also kaum billiger werden außer es wird in masse gefertigt! Deppomat25.08.16 16:30 gritsch Die extra elektronik hast du nach wie vor! wird also kaum billiger werden außer es wird in masse gefertigt!Hmm das kann sein. Aber zumindest die Kabel werden ja künftig passiv sein. Moogulator25.08.16 16:50 Erwarte ebenfalls, dass Apples Entscheidung Profit für die Firma verbessert, indem Pro-User viel mehr zahlen und Selbstverständlichkeiten weg fallen, notfalls Strom via usb-c, was einem wertvollen Port kostet von geschätzten 4 davon - wird schwer werden.. Ich unterstelle mal, Apple wird die Lösung mit vielen teuren Adaptern bevorzugen und der Rest wird nicht versorgt, wie neuerdings leider immer.. An Apple und billiger glaube ich nicht, man wird aber langsamere Rechner als Scheinalternative anbieten. Aktuell liegt das Limit bei 3k€ für gute Konfigurationen, das war mal weniger, obwohl Technik billiger wurde.. Ich habe eine MACadresse! Von der MTN-App gesendet. Lefteous25.08.16 17:10 Laut https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/DisplayPort benötigt man doch nur Displayport 1.3, nicht etwa 1.4. Bitte um Erläuchtung! gorgont25.08.16 18:07 gritsch In Skylake ist doch kein TB 3 integriert. Deinn mein iMac 5K (iMac17,1) hat eine Skylake-CPU aber nur TB 2! Das liegt hier aber nicht am Chip sondern an Apple 😉 touch eyeballs to screen for cheap laser surgery Von der MTN-App gesendet. gfhfkgfhfk25.08.16 19:17 Lefteous Laut https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/DisplayPort benötigt man doch nur Displayport 1.3, nicht etwa 1.4.Ja, aber es wird wohl nie DP1.3 Geräte geben. DP1.4 ist ein Protokoll Update für DP1.3 und benutzt dieselbe Datenrate bei der Übertragung. Sowohl AMD wie auch nVidia liefern nun DP1.4 Grafikkarten aus. Mal abwarten wann die ersten Monitore mit DP1.4 erscheinen. gorgont gritsch In Skylake ist doch kein TB 3 integriert. Deinn mein iMac 5K (iMac17,1) hat eine Skylake-CPU aber nur TB 2!Das liegt hier aber nicht am Chip sondern an Apple 😉Intel hat TB3 eben nicht in die PCHs der Skylake Generation integriert, sondern für Skylake drei verschiedene TB3 Controller Chips auf den Markt gebracht. Grolox25.08.16 21:59 wenn in den neuen MBPs kein Kabylake , DDR4 , Pascal Grafik von nvidea und diese Leiste drin ist bin ich echt entäuscht. Lefteous25.08.16 22:12 Die verbauen wohl wieder AMD koehler26.08.16 12:37 OHJE....... D.h. auch mit TB3 kann ich keine 5k Displays ansteuern? Also wird es wohl nix mit einem neuen TB Display von Apple? sonorman26.08.16 12:49 koehler OHJE....... D.h. auch mit TB3 kann ich keine 5k Displays ansteuern? Also wird es wohl nix mit einem neuen TB Display von Apple?Du kannst schon jetzt mit Thunderbolt 2 und einigen Macs 5K-Displays ansteuern. Nur braucht man dafür zwei Kabel. PS: Bis jetzt gibt es meines Wissens auch kein einziges 5K-Display, das einen passenden USB-C-Eingang für 5K-Ansteuerung mit nur einem Kabel hat. Grolox26.08.16 13:09 gorgont...falsch , das liegt an Intel weil sie die Zusatzcontroller für TB3 nicht rausrücken und alle warten nun auf KabyLake der das dann kann. Intel nicht Apple Intel hat TB3 eben nicht in die PCHs der Skylake Generation integriert, sondern für Skylake drei verschiedene TB3 Controller Chips auf den Markt gebracht. richtig , nur gehen die nicht mit OSx gfhfkgfhfk26.08.16 14:26 Grolox gorgont...falsch , das liegt an Intel weil sie die Zusatzcontroller für TB3 nicht rausrücken??? Man kann problemlos Computer mit TB3 Ports kaufen, nur halt nicht von Apple. Grolox26.08.16 19:54 gfkghf......?😄😄sry und warum gehen die nicht mit dem Apple OS..? Nach meiner Meinung ... nee lieber nicht. Apple hatte schon das Intelproblem mit dem 5k iMac und musste einen eigenen Kontroller herstellen weil sich Intel geweigert hat . Na bin jedenfalls zuversichtlich denn da kommt richtig Konkurenz auf Intel zu und Apple hat bestimmt schon seine Ideen mit AMD oder Arm. Jetzt kommt noch IBM mit neuem für den Pro Markt ...wird spannend. Dekator27.08.16 11:59 struffsky Von Apple ist zu erwarten: Maximale Gewinnmarge. Ich tippe auf 4 USB 3.1 Buchsen mit 5 GB/S Und bitte, Apple, überrasche mich positiv!In der Tat... ein Anschlussgate nach dem anderen. Ich habe USB und Firewire Peripherie. Hier sitze ich mit einem MBPro das, für mich, völlig überflüssige Thunderbolt Anschlüsse hat. Nicht einmal Ethernet gibt's ohne Adapter. Ist einfach zu teuer, das Zeug. Thunderbolt27.08.16 18:15 Deppomat Welche Kabel sollen passiv sein? USB Typ-C Kabel die alle Eigenschaften unterstützen sind aktiv. Kommentieren Sie müssen sich einloggen, um die News kommentieren zu können. Forum 01:21iPad als Telefon mit WhatsApp(8) 00:59Apple-Stores (tw.) made in Germany(4) 00:35iMac Mitte 2007 aufrüsten - lohnt das noch?(7) 00:31Heimautomatisierung für Homekit. Was empfehlt Ihr?(55) 00:17Itunes brennt keine Audio-CD mehr(44) 23:27Externe SSD für MBP2016(3) 23:17Wie/womit Windows PC auf externe Platte klonen?(2) 22:34Time Machinebackup auf Synology DS wird nicht gefunden(12) 22:11Hilfe - Mac bestätigen (2-Faktoren-Authentifizierung)(4) 21:52Neue Evo 750 lässt sich intern nicht formatieren(12) 15:18Themenwoche MTN(8) Abstimmung zur nächsten Themenwoche Galerie R i P meine schöne Libelle - . (0) Ammersee (2) Seinerzeit (5) Partnerlinks Amazon BlitzangeboteBIs zu 75 Prozent Rabatt auf populäre Artikel. Alle Angebote sind aber nur kurze Zeit verfügbar Logoist 2 - Beeindruckende Grafiken für Karten, Logos, Einladungen und vieles mehr erstellenVon Apple als "Beste App 2014" ausgezeichnet - mit Logoist 2 entwerfen Sie im Handumdrehen professionell aussehende Grafiken Apple Refurbished StoreBis zu 20 Prozent Rabatt auf neuwertige iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air und Mac mini Das iPhone 7 bei der Telekom reservieren und vorbestellen Top-News 31.12.16Die REWIND Testübersicht 2016 28.12.162016 - Rückblick auf ein umstrittenes Apple-Jahr 24.12.16Test: IsoAcoustics Aperta Desktop-Stand für Lautsprecher – Mehr Klanggewinn für wenig... 20.12.16Bloomberg: Wie Apple treue Mac-Fans verstimmte 20.12.16Cook: Tolle Desktop-Macs kommen 17.12.16Test: Questyle CMA600i Kopfhörerverstärker und DAC – Hochkonzentrierter Klang in Spac... 15.12.16Super Mario Run erschienen - das Nintendo-Maskottchen erreicht das iPhone 15.12.16macOS 10.13: Die Tests des Sierra-Nachfolgers haben begonnen 13.12.16macOS 10.12.2 erschienen 12.12.16iOS 10.2, tvOS 10.1 und watchOS 3.1.1 ab sofort verfügbar Umfragen Sind Sie mit Apples Produktjahr 2016 zufrieden? Es war großartig, ich bin begeistert 0,8 % Ich bin sehr zufrieden, ein ordentliches Jahr 6,7 % Im Großen und Ganzen war es gut, mit einzelnen Schwächen 17,3 % Ich bin mir unsicher, das Jahr war durchwachsen 21,5 % Es gab viele Enttäuschungen, nur wenig war gut 27,8 % Ich bin unzufrieden, das Jahr war Mist 17,8 % Es war furchtbar, ich bin entsetzt 8,2 % 601 Stimmen 15.12.16 - 03.01.17 Events 05.01.17 - 08.01.17, ganztägigCES 2017 (Las Vegas) 20.01.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 13.02.17 - 14.02.17, ganztägigCode Media Conference (Kalifornien) 17.02.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 17.03.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 20.03.17 - 24.03.17, ganztägigCeBIT 2017 (Hannover) 18.04.17 09:00 Uhr - 21.04.17 16:00 UhrApple Schulung: iOS App Entwicklung mit Swift 21.04.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 19.05.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 16.06.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin Galerie R i P meine schöne Libelle - . (0) Ammersee (2) Seinerzeit (5) Top-News 31.12.16Die REWIND Testübersicht 2016 28.12.162016 - Rückblick auf ein umstrittenes Apple-Jahr 24.12.16Test: IsoAcoustics Aperta Desktop-Stand für Lautsprecher – Mehr Klanggewinn für wenig... 20.12.16Bloomberg: Wie Apple treue Mac-Fans verstimmte 20.12.16Cook: Tolle Desktop-Macs kommen 17.12.16Test: Questyle CMA600i Kopfhörerverstärker und DAC – Hochkonzentrierter Klang in Spac... 15.12.16Super Mario Run erschienen - das Nintendo-Maskottchen erreicht das iPhone 15.12.16macOS 10.13: Die Tests des Sierra-Nachfolgers haben begonnen 13.12.16macOS 10.12.2 erschienen 12.12.16iOS 10.2, tvOS 10.1 und watchOS 3.1.1 ab sofort verfügbar Events 05.01.17 - 08.01.17, ganztägigCES 2017 (Las Vegas) 20.01.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 13.02.17 - 14.02.17, ganztägigCode Media Conference (Kalifornien) 17.02.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 17.03.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 20.03.17 - 24.03.17, ganztägigCeBIT 2017 (Hannover) 18.04.17 09:00 Uhr - 21.04.17 16:00 UhrApple Schulung: iOS App Entwicklung mit Swift 21.04.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 19.05.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 16.06.17 18:00 UhrAppleTreff-Berlin 0 Die nachfolgenden Artikel könnten Sie ebenfalls interessieren: 15.06.16 · 17 KommentaremacOS Sierra deutet OLED-Tastenfeld, biometrische Eingabe und vieles mehr an 02.01.17 · 58 KommentareSonderangebot: Saturn reduziert Hardware-Preise um die Mehrwertsteuer 02.01.17 · 22 KommentareAirPods-Produktion wegen hoher Nachfrage ausgeweitet 29.12.16 · 30 KommentareAirPods ein gewaltiger Erfolg - sagt Cook 22.12.16 · 5 KommentareGeneralüberholte Apple Watch kündigt sich an, weitere aktuelle Angebote im Refurbished Store 21.12.16 · 20 KommentareTeardown: AirPods zerlegt - Reparatur kaum möglich Bereiche News Rewind Forum Galerie Journals Umfragen Events Kleinanzeigen Interaktiv Einstellungen Registrierung Suche Archiv News Forum Services App News-Feed Rewind-Feed Forum-Feed Werbung Rechtliches Datenschutz Nutzungsbedingungen Impressum Social Facebook Twitter YouTube © 2017 Synium Software GmbH Zum Seitenanfang OK MacTechNews.de verwendet Cookies unter anderem für personalisierte Inhalte, Seitenanalyse und bei der Auslieferung von Google-Anzeigen. Dies war zwar schon immer so, auf Wunsch der EU muss nun jedoch explizit darauf hingewiesen werden. Durch Nutzung der Website erklären Sie sich damit einverstanden. Weitere Informationen
How-To Geek Articles l l What’s New in Windows 10’s Creators Update, Arriving Spring 2017 How to Avoid Washed Out Colors When Using HDMI on Your PC Where Should I Sell My Old Stuff? eBay vs. Craigslist vs. Amazon How to Set Up All Your New Holiday Gadgets Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek I Got Scammed by a Counterfeiter on Amazon. Here’s How You Can Avoid Them Amazon, for all its conveniences, isn’t like walking into a traditional retail store. Amazon is a full marketplace that connects you not only to their own store, but to third-party sellers. This was driven home for me when I recently bought one of the top mini PCs on Amazon and found it came with a pirated Windows license. The lesson: Be careful with third-party sellers on Amazon. Anything not sold by Amazon itself has not been thoroughly vetted by them, and could be a counterfeit or pirated product. That’s true even if a product is marked “Prime”–just because something ships from Amazon’s warehouses doesn’t mean the product is legitimate, or sold by Amazon themselves. How I Got Burned I wanted a cheap mini PC to use as a media center for my TV, so I headed to Amazon–where I do a lot of my shopping–and searched for one. What I didn’t realize at the time was that three of the top six search results for “mini PC” on Amazon come with pirated Windows licenses. (The other three results are a Chromebox and two barebones PCs that come without Windows licenses.) The particular PC I purchased was sold by “MarsKing“. Sure, that’s a Chinese manufacturer I’ve never heard of, but it’s solid Intel hardware inside. It was also marked by Amazon as the “#1 New Release” in this category and had solid 4-to-5-star reviews at the time. It even had a “Prime” logo, which meant that it would be shipped to me from an Amazon warehouse. Looks legit, right? Nope! The PC came with a KMS Loader activation crack installed and was using a KMS key–a common way to activate pirated Windows licenses. Windows Defender found the KMS activation crack and complained about malware as soon as Windows Update ran automatically. After I left a bad review and returned the product to Amazon, MarsKing contacted me through Amazon with an offer: “We would like to sell you a new pc box with legitimate [Windows license] at 50% money off as apologize.” I didn’t take them up on it. Other manufacturers are sneakier. PowerLead, which makes the top mini PC on Amazon, describes its product as such: “This PowerLead Windows 10 Smart TV Box Mini PC is with trial win 10 operating system. If you need to buy the original version, please update online”. But someone in the comment helpfully notes that the PC seems to activate anyway. It’s unclear as to how. The Problem: Amazon.com Isn’t Just One Store Most people don’t realize this, but Amazon doesn’t actually sell most of the products on Amazon.com. Instead, most products sold on Amazon.com actually come from “third-party sellers”. Amazon just functions as a marketplace, connecting you and the seller. Even if a product is marked as “Prime” and is from Amazon’s own warehouse, it may be simply “fulfilled by Amazon”: a seller ships its products to Amazon’s warehouse and then Amazon ships them to you. Amazon isn’t actually selling the product, and hasn’t vetted it. In 2015, a RW Baird report found that 83% of the products purchased from Amazon.com were sold by third-party sellers. Surprised? So was I. Amazon doesn’t do a ton to make the distinction between third-party sellers and sold-by-Amazon products. And, apparently, they don’t vet third-party-sold products very closely either, even if Amazon’s doing the shipping. In July 2016, CNBC wrote that counterfeiting on Amazon.com had “exploded” in 2016, according to many Amazon sellers. The problem, often, is that third-party sellers will list cheaper options on the very same product page, but those cheaper options will be counterfeits. But, as we saw with PCs, it’s possible that manufacturers might actually assemble products with pirated software and other flaws and market them as legitimate. In 2013, the Daily Dot purchased a counterfeit charger from Amazon. It melted the first time it was connected to a power outlet. We’d be particularly worried about buying phone and laptop batteries from third-party sellers on Amazon, as counterfeit phone batteries are a serious danger that could cause explosions and fires. How to Avoid Counterfeit Products and Pirated Software on Amazon We wish Amazon would do more to combat this problem. But in the meantime, how can you avoid situations like this when shopping on Amazon.com? Here are a few tips. Know Who’s Selling the Product There are three types of products you’ll see on Amazon.com, and you should be aware of the difference. They are: Ships from and sold by [Name of Third-Party Seller]: When you purchase this product, Amazon gets a cut–but Amazon isn’t otherwise involved in the transaction. The product is sold by the third-party seller and is shipped from them directly to you, not unlike eBay and other online marketplaces. Most counterfeit and pirated products will probably be shipped directly from a third-party seller. Sold by [Name of Third-Party Seller] and Fulfilled by Amazon: Products that are “fulfilled by Amazon” may have the “Prime” logo that makes them look like they’re sold by Amazon–but they aren’t. You’re still buying a product from a third-party seller. The third-party seller ships that product to Amazon’s warehouses and Amazon ships it to you. However, Amazon doesn’t necessarily confirm that the product is legitimate before shipping it to you. Ships from and sold by Amazon.com: The product is actually sold by Amazon.com, and it should almost certainly be legitimate. Watch out for products sold by third-party sellers when shopping on Amazon.com. Not every third-party seller is bad, of course, and many are selling legitimate products (I’ve bought many of them in the past). But be careful, especially if the product’s price seems a little too good to be true or the reviews indicate a problem. Speaking of which… Read the Reviews (but Know What You’re Looking For) This should go without saying, but check out the reviews–not just the 5-star rating–for any product you buy on Amazon, especially if it’s from a third-party seller. Many reviews will specifically call out a counterfeit product, which should immediately be a red flag. That said, good review scores don’t necessarily indicate a product is legitimate and authentic. A product may have a bunch of fake five star reviews to make it look more legitimate, not real reviews from actual customers. While bad reviews are obviously bad, very good reviews can also be suspicious. If you see many five star reviews without much explanation or very similar writing, that suggests the positive reviews may be fake. Be sure to check the recent reviews, too–not just the overall product reviews. A product may have a lot of positive reviews from past transactions, but a few recent negative recent reviews may suggest that they’ve changed something about their product. Narrow Your Searches to Products Sold by Amazon.com You can also choose to search for products sold by Amazon itself, although Amazon doesn’t make it easy. After searching Amazon for a product, scroll down in the left sidebar and find the “Seller” section. Click the “See More” option and then select “Amazon.com” to see only products sold by Amazon. Of course, this will get rid of a lot of products from your search results too. In a lot of cases, this may not be a problem–but for certain categories that Amazon doesn’t sell a lot of products for (computer parts, lawn & garden, or cosmetics, for example), this tip may not be too useful. What Amazon Says We reached out to Amazon, who declined to comment on this story in particular. They did, however, point us towards its official policies: The A-to-z Customer Guarantee and Amazon Anti-Counterfeiting Policy. The A-to-z guarantee guarantees purchases made from third-party sellers, entitling you to a refund if the seller ships you a product that doesn’t match the description, fails to ship you the product within the advertised ship time, or won’t accept the product for a replacement. The anti-counterfeiting policy forbids the selling of counterfeit products on Amazon and says that Amazon may terminate seller accounts and destroy inventory in Amazon fulfillment centers if it discovers counterfeit products. Amazon does still seem to have good customer service. I was able to return the PC to Amazon with no issues–all I had to do was fill out a quick online form and say the product wasn’t what was advertised. I then shipped it right back to Amazon’s return department using a free mailing label Amazon had me print out. But these policies are after-the-fact protection. Shopping on Amazon isn’t the same as shopping at Best Buy or another brick-and-mortar retail store. It’s more like shopping on eBay–Amazon.com is often the middleman that connects you with a seller, not the store itself. Amazon doesn’t necessarily examine or vouch for the products being sold on its website before they reach you. That’s something most people don’t understand about Amazon, but should. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (44 REPLIES) August 25, 2016 Jim Cole This is why I avoid software key sites, like the Kinguin network and all those other jokers. Just because you're 'signed up' with a kosher-looking website, doesn't mean you're actually dealing with them. (Yes, I've been burned by G2A,Kinguin et al). Of course, Amazon is a whole order of magnitude better and more trustworthy than them, and I've been lucky, I suppose, in that the kinds of things I buy from Amazon are not really prone to dodginess (books mostly, even rare and collectable volumes). Good article though, with sound advice. Thank you! August 25, 2016 Jerry Howard The article is very informative but...Is not Best Buy or other brick and mortar store a "middle-man" for a manufacturer (seller)? Don't tell me K-Mart looks for the quality and originality of every product it sells. "Ships from and sold by Amazon.com: The product is actually sold by Amazon.com, and it should almost certainly be legitimate."LOL Do you know this to be the case? As you pointed out I absolutely love Amazon for their "almost no questions asked return-exchange policy". If I buy a Samsung TV from the Amazon whse or a One-Hung-Lo TV from China thru Amazon I know Amazon will back it up. August 25, 2016 Jim I also notice other online retailers are acting as a portal for other merchants. Look at Newegg.com they have other retailers selling their products on Newegg's website. Same buyer beware cautions should be taken as dealing with Amazon. August 25, 2016 Whitson Gordon Manufacturer and seller are not the same thing, at least the way we're using them in this discussion. In the Best Buy or K-Mart case, they are the seller. They get the product directly from the manufacturer (or a distributor who works with the manufacturer), and choose which products to sell in their store. If an item is sold by Amazon, it works similarly. In that case Amazon is not a middleman, they are the seller. But Amazon also acts as a middleman for other sellers, too, who can create an Amazon Seller account and use Amazon's web site as a tool for their own store. Most sellers are probably good, and selling legitimate things and just trying to make a living with their business. But in some cases, that seller may be selling a falsely advertised product. It could be their own product, like a mini PC with an illegitimate Windows license, or maybe it's a counterfeit version of someone else's product, like a bottle of Armani perfume that's been watered down. August 25, 2016 Amazon is going to eventually be burned by this one. They are complicit in the sale AND delivery of counterfeit goods. No amount of EULA or T&C lawyer trickery is going to get them out of it. And it will cost them billions. Buyer beware... August 25, 2016 Just Because Alright Re: Amazon reviews on a certain product:If you go to the fakespotdotcom website and paste the Amazon review page url in, it will analyze the reviews and give you a likelihood % if any reviews seem to be faked. Most helpful. Companies have been know to post reviews on their own products,and disparaging comments on their competitor's amazon products. August 25, 2016 Straspey While I give little credibility to reviews - I find that in many cases one can gather more useful information from the ten or fifteen "negative" reviews, as opposed to the fifty or sixty "positive" ones. I go right to the negatives, and read them with a critical eye. For instance - if you're reading reviews about a room space heater, and someone gives a bad review because the unit failed heat up their entire five-room apartment - then you realize the consumer had unreasonable expectations and discount his complaint. However - if the review says the unit operated perfectly for two weeks and then just stooped working and went dead - and you see that complaint from more than one consumer - that becomes a red flag for me and I proceed to look elsewhere. I have over 400 purchases on Ebay over a fifteen-year period, and have been disappointed less than five times over that span. When a seller has 2,500 feedbacks - but 375 of them are negative, with complaints like "Received wrong item. Seller did not respond to my emails" - and - "Item arrived damaged. No communication from seller." -- I avoid doing business with them - even in light of the other 2,125 positives. I probably would not buy a computer on Ebay - although I have purchased a number of used, high-end stereo components over the years, all with good results - but I probably would not buy a computer on Amazon either, because I'm hesitant to take the risk. August 25, 2016 There is a website- www.fakespot.com that allows you to enter the URL of the Amazon product you are looking at and report if its algorithm indicates the reviews are suspicious- Who is to say the site is not subject to manipulation I don't know, but I have found its responses pretty well mirror what my opinion is. August 25, 2016 jim beam Good read; however maybe the title is a bit misleading when the subject matter example pointed at an example of pirated software, not a counterfeiter...? a counterfeiter is more a party that creates a fake of something. This example referenced is not a fake; it is actually Windows but it's pirated with a gray/black market app. August 25, 2016 jim beam I don't see Amazon being burned. They're a big company- yes. But I can bet they're already working on a strategy to combat and help minimize counterfeiters. August 25, 2016 Daisy Another thing to watch out for is sellers who list their product on a listing for a different item. A while ago I was shopping for a new tablet. I decided on a Samsung Galaxy Tab E, which has (in the version sold in the US) 16GB of internal storage and is shipped with Lollipop. After I ordered it, though, I realized the seller had added a note that the unit ships with 8GB internal storage and an 8GB SD card. (This wasn't readily apparent on the mobile version of the site when I was browsing from my phone, but was obvious when I looked at it from my computer.) I contacted the seller and asked if they could verify that the model number was the same as on the listing page, and that's when it came out that the one they were selling was an international version with only 8GB internal storage and running KitKat instead of Lollipop. Fortunately I was able to cancel the order before it shipped. On top of not even being the same product (albeit with the same model name for some reason) I doubt the warranty would have been valid since it wasn't intended for sale in the US. (It was listed as shipping from the US - I had no idea that was even something to watch out for before this.) August 25, 2016 Dr Nobody First, I am surprised this is your first encounter with things like this on Amazon. Seriously. Second, this is definitely not a matter of counterfeit, this is something entirely different. However, counterfeiters have quickly been becoming the plague of Amazon & Ebay, to the point where you can no longer trust anything you buy there anymore. It doesn't matter if it's a seemingly harmless, pointless item that you'd never think they'd counterfeit. They still do it. Everything from make-up, to those green produce bags, to electronics, to whatever you can possibly think of. I have been screwed for the past year because of this crap. I'm disabled & can't go to stores, so I relied heavily on the ability to buy things from places like Amazon. Now I avoid it like the plague & am out here floundering, searching for reputable websites that I know actually source their products the right way, and aren't just a bunch of jerks from China trying to make a quick buck. It's disgusting. I'm surprised that it's not in the news, or mentioned more often, since it was not like this previously and now makes up at least half or more of the items available there. Amazon has gotten less and less caring about it, and in fact they will even take the side of these counterfeiters. They've also removed reviews from real users who have had this happen & are trying to warn other customers. It's really despicable. They couldn't care less because they're too big to care now. Good luck trying to avoid this, too, since there's really no actual way to do that. You can't get information on where a seller is located, these jerks have been gaming the ratings system for years, and you can forget about ever trusting another review again. There are not only tons of websites where these companies find people to pay to leave stupid fake reviews, but the companies themselves have giant rooms filled with people on computers doing this shit. I'm not trying to sound like a dick, but honestly, I think one of the best ways to deal with this would be to disallow sellers from IP addresses in China. Sure, it wouldn't be 100% successful, but it would do well to weed out quite a bit of the scammers. That and Amazon needs to start requiring proof of location & other things from sellers. I'm sick of getting ripped off. If you think it's racism, think again, the majority of cyber crime comes from or is committed there. Look it up. Still, this is all irrelevant, since the article is clearly about getting something with a pirated copy of Windows on it, which I believe is a different matter. However, I do think it's likely to be the same people doing it. My suggestion is not to use Amazon anymore. It's no longer trustworthy or useful. Believe me. That's all aside from the fact there's an entire different kind of scam going on there with people taking hardcore advantage of the system to push crappy products & basically buying reviews while somehow still adhering to their guidelines, and they all use these disgusting guides all over the web, or in books, that basically tell you how to scam your way to the top on Amazon & get featured as best product (often by a really nasty trick where you just list your product in an irrelevant category with barely any other products, and then get a few more purchases than the measly few the others have, and BAM, you're #1 product, and most people only see that part, not that the broom is the #1 product being sold in the baby pacifiers category. I don't think that's within the Amazon guidelines, either!). If I see one more "I received this at a discount for my unbiased review", I swear I'm going to puke. August 25, 2016 Dr Nobody Most? While that may have been true a few years ago, this is sadly no longer that case. Not even by a long shot. Most of the sellers on Amazon are either counterfeiters, selling counterfeit items, or they are trying to push brand new things onto consumers that are junk (worse than As-Seen-on-TV crap) using extremely unscrupulous tactics & violating Amazon's own terms. Unfortunately Amazon is just an ocean of scammers these days, whatever way you want to look at it. August 25, 2016 Koam "A counterfeiter" is not a "them" - Editors take note. August 25, 2016 Koam Reviews for the product are not meaningful, period. One product is sold by many sellers. The reviews are for the product, real or fake and tell you nothing about whether the seller has a real or fake item. The seller reviews are where to look. Sellers should have extremely high ratings and many reviews over time. Anything below 4.8-star average should make you look more closely at the details of the reviews. August 25, 2016 Dana Simpkins First, caveat emptor. There's a reason this phrase has been around so long we still remember it in Latin. You will glean more information from the 2 and 3 star reviews than you will from the 1 and 5 stars. 5 stars are either plants or don't provide useful information. 1 stars are usually disgruntled employees or former customers, or folks with high expectations. Read your 2 star folks' reviews and you will see how the product could be improved. 3 stars are how they sort of missed the mark. Some reviews are actually hilarious...Haribo Sugar Free Gummy Bears-Amazon...that's all I am going to say. I have social anxiety disorder. I don't do well shopping in crowds, so online shopping is wonderful. Amazon Prime has been my shopping bestie for eight years now, and I have had to return three things in eight years. Three. Did I mention I have items on subscription? Two of the items were merely credited to my account and I was not required to actually return them. I even order my college textbooks from Amazon, renting them when available. Customer service is something that Amazon takes pride in, and they are industry leaders in customer service. This is why so many brick and mortar stores have felt the pinch from their success. In summary, we must do our homework to protect ourselves. August 25, 2016 Straspey I play an instrument for which I use a specialized device designed to assist in tuning the instrument - especially since I don't always tune it the same way every time I play - The manufacturer is no longer producing new units, however they can repair and refurbish an older one - which became necessary in my case when the small internal speakers inside the device began to fail. The repair guy told me they did not have any replacement speakers in stock, however he sent me an Amazon link to a place where I could buy a pair directly from a supplier. The repair guy was very clear that the speakers would coming from China and might take a while to arrive - but I should just be patient. I ordered two pairs at some ridiculously cheap price of around twelve dollars, and sat back to wait. About three weeks later the package arrived with the two sets of speakers - exactly the model we ordered - and in perfect condition. I packed up my tuning box, along with the speakers, and sent it off to be repaired. A week later it came back like new - the new speakers providing a strong, true tone - allowing me to keep using the device for the very sophisticated business of tuning my instrument to pitches other than A=440 and in alternate temperaments other than "equal". Next, I needed a case of some sort to keep the device protected when not in use and also when traveling. For that, I went on Ebay - where I found a distributor located on the West Coast - but who's inventory was obviously coming from China. They seemed to have exactly what I was looking for, so I bid on one of their auctions and ended up buy a brand new small hard case intended for a "Go Pro" camera for about four dollars - with free shipping. The case arrived in less than a week and I was so pleased with it - and with the communication from a very friendly Ebay seller - that I bought a few more to give to friends who also use the same device. I'm fortunate in that my positive experiences on both Amazon and Ebay far outweigh the few disappointments I've had over the years. All it takes is for one to really pay attention and - when possible - a friendly email will go a long way to setting up a transaction with happy results. August 25, 2016 Zinc Whiskers Customs has been stopping Windows mini PCs from Chinese re-sellers if they think the purchase price is less than the legit cost of a Windows license. For some reason they've been giving Amazon a free pass for the same boxes. http://www.cnx-software.com/2016/07/04/have-us-customs-declared-war-on-tv-boxes-and-mini-pcs/ Some Android TV boxes are also getting stopped if they're pre-loaded with Kodi and use the phrase "Free TV". August 25, 2016 Whitson Gordon Not just pre-loaded with Kodi--but pre-loaded with Kodi and piracy-related add-ons, if I recall. This is something Kodi has been fighting against as it's been hurting their image (Kodi on its own does not give you free TV, it's merely a video player and organizer). August 25, 2016 Bruce Bevitz I bought Apple cables supposedly OEM. The boxes looked correrct. A prior cable purchase lacked the Apple logo on the box. The latest had the Apple Logo,and the vendor states they are O.E.,M, but would not work. I bought a cable from the Apple store, and at first glance the packaging looked the same, but the inside packaging and hang tag were different. The bar code on the flap was also different. One seller was from China. the other from the U.S.A. I complained, and got refunds, but they are still selling the same crap even though I contacted Amazon. August 25, 2016 cody j interesting,great article..alot of people dont know about the 3rd party 'racket'. My folks bought a ' record (vynal) to cd' unit ,that came with no instrucs and didnt work.,and as you said ,they ''assumed' it was from Amazon direct. ...turns out it was from a 3rd party seller, who admitted he bought it CHEAP from one of those HUGE outfits that deal only in customer returned merchandise(which you can buy for cents on the dollar),and just re listed it..My folks DID get their money back ,tho, shipping back included..but now we look for the Amazon only label...or go elsewhere. This is a good article,thanks ! August 26, 2016 Pradip Shah There is a problem with Amazon's review policy also. If you have a bad experience or have been scammed ans returned your purchase, Amazon still won't allow you to write an honest review. Of course I am referring to their Indian arm. Recently I bought a set of containers shipped by Amazon, The seller was supposedly offering 30 % discount on M.R.P. (Maximum Retail Price as is required by Indian law) which seemed like a good deal. When the material arrived I saw a very large sticker offering 50% promotional discount on the M.R.P by the manufacturer themselves. So in effect the seller was marking it up by 40% which is against the law. Amazon simply would not allow me to state this fact in the review. So in effect they allowed this particular seller to continue with his scam! August 26, 2016 What about this: If goods shipped by Amazon from their fulfillment center include or are counterfeit software, then surely said software must be deemed to be stolen property (which it really is isn't it?). In which case shouldn't Amazon be prosecuted for handing stolen property? I'm no legal eagleBut to me its like a mate of mine says look I've got these computers which I'm selling for $500.00, I'll do all the advertising, I'll drop them all off at your place and when someone buys one all you have to do is ship it off to them and I'll give you 10% of the $500.00 plus the freight cost. Trouble is he stole them. Isn't that illegal? Isn't that handling of stolen property? Is that what Amazon is doing? They of course can say "oh poor me, I'm not very smart, I didn't have the time, I didn't know they were stolen, I trusted them" (as i understand the law its not accepted as a defense, doesn't prevent you from being prosecuted, everyone caught says "oh i didn't know" don't they?) In that case shouldn't the police then confiscate the computers, freeze shipping of all goods in the warehouse until proof that none of the other stock in their warehouse is wholly or partly comprised of stolen property? rgdsBadger August 26, 2016 Ouch that's nasty, isn't there a site where you can publicize that they block bad reviews? If not there damn well should be. rgdsBadger August 26, 2016 Pradip Shah Unfortunately I am not a twitter otherwise I could have taken them to task. Similarly I have had a major problem with Dr. Scholl footwear manufactured by their manufacturing and marketing licensee, Bata India who are probably the largest manufacturers in India, who avoid honoring the warranty on the product. I now feel it is about time I got onto Twitter and started voicing my experiences and opinions. August 26, 2016 Sheila Nauman Todd I have bought and sold products from Amazon since their onset. I do not like to buy things with less than a 3 star rating. I do read a smattering of good and bad reviews before purchase. I have run into third party sellers where the product is now shipped from China. I recall earlier this year ordering a USB for my husband. The seller had a tracking device so we could see where it was - it literally took weeks to get to the States. My husband said I guess there still are slow boats from China. As a seller you don't get much support from Amazon unless you go looking for it. When you do they are most helpful. Mostly I sell used books and have had more problems with the post office than Amazon I did have a problem with some software I tried to sell.I think Amazon has agreements with some of these vendors and they pulled the sale. It was brand new software in the box that we were gifted but could not use. I had a hard time explaining this to Amazon that I wasn't trying to break their rules. At one point I told them that if the rule was this solid why did they allow the listing? Amazon needs to ferret out the bad people but it also needs to let folks know up front what isn't acceptable. For instance, had they said this product cannot be sold on Amazon because of xyz. I simply would not have listed it. Instead they tried to make me the bad guy yet they were in total control of allowing the listing in the first place! Last month I tried to sell a Fitbit that my husband had won in an office contest. He already had one. Amazon told me it considers Fitbits medical devices and I could not sell in on Amazon. Or, do they have an agreement with Fitbit no third-party vendors? Kinda like the agreement Starbucks might have in a strip mall - no other coffee vendors. August 26, 2016 Whitson Gordon A few people have made similar points about Amazon's protections, and I've heard this before too. From what I hear, eBay goes out of their way to protect their sellers--sometimes to the detriment of the buyers. Amazon, on the other hand, protects their buyers. August 26, 2016 Straspey WhitsonGordon: From what I hear, eBay goes out of their way to protect their sellers--sometimes to the detriment of the buyers. "What does eBay Money Back Guarantee mean to sellers?" Sometimes, buyers and sellers don't agree. Hey, these things happen. Learn how eBay Money Back Guarantee can help you navigate through the process. "How does eBay Money Back Guarantee benefit me?" eBay Money Back Guarantee is designed to inspire buyer confidence and streamline the resolution process when there are issues with a transaction. It also encourages buyers to buy with the assured satisfaction and quick response they expect from a trusted retailer. http://pages.ebay.com/resolutioncenter/BuyerProtectionForSellers.html In most cases, eBay leans heavily in favor of the buyer, because without buyers, there would be no business. eBay does provide relief for sellers who have not been paid by the buyer or winner of the auction in the form of reimbursement of seller's fees - but since a seller never ships the item before receiving payment, their losses are considerably less in contrast to a buyer who - after having paid for the item (plus shipping) - receives a broken, faulty, incorrect item - or nothing at all. August 27, 2016 Whitson Gordon Ah, you might be right, I might have it backwards, eBay is notoriously protective of buyers, much to the detriment of sellers. My apologies, not sure why I remembered that so wrong! August 30, 2016 I think this sums it up very well.Basically, anything not sold by Amazon but by a 3rd party should be suspect. In particular, anything that can be knocked off, will be. Case in point: replacement toothbrush heads for the Philips Sonicare electric toothbrushes. It should be noted on the illustration that the heads are shown with the writing on them obscured. Being knockoffs this is necessary to hide the fact that they don't dare say "Philips" on them. Extrapolating from the posted reviews it appears that, extrapolating, tens of thousandsor more have fallen for this scam. And don't think the famous Amazon guarantee comes to the rescue - by the time the bristles fall off, the warranty period is gone.Buyer beware, as always. Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Chris Hoffman is a technology writer and all-around computer geek. He's as at home using the Linux terminal as he is digging into the Windows registry. Connect with him on Google+. Published 08/25/16 DID YOU KNOW? The practice of placing perfume counters close to the front of department stores started with department store pioneer Harry Selfridge; he placed the counter at the front to better entice customers into buying perfume and it had the added benefit of masking the smell of manure and exhaust coming in from the street. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Prepare Your Android Smartphone Ahead of Time (in Case You Lose It) How to Send and Receive Faxes Online Without a Fax Machine or Phone Line How to Choose the Best VPN Service for Your Needs How to Change Passwords on Any Device (Windows, Mac, Smartphone) How to Find and Remove Duplicate Files on Windows How to See Which Browser Extensions Are Slowing Down Your Browser Windows 10’s Free Upgrade Offer Is Over: What Now? What’s the Best Way to Back Up My Computer? How to Downgrade to an Older Version of iOS on an iPhone or iPad Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
How-To Geek Articles l l How to Avoid Washed Out Colors When Using HDMI on Your PC Where Should I Sell My Old Stuff? eBay vs. Craigslist vs. Amazon How to Set Up All Your New Holiday Gadgets How to Fix Crackling or Popping Sound on a Windows PC Subscribe l l FOLLOW US TWITTER GOOGLE+   FACEBOOK GET UPDATES BY EMAIL Enter your email below to get exclusive access to our best articles and tips before everybody else. RSS ALL ARTICLES FEATURES ONLY   TRIVIA Search How-To Geek Steam In-Home Streaming vs. NVIDIA GameStream: What’s the Difference? Both Steam In-Home Streaming and NVIDIA GameStream allow you to stream games from a powerful gaming PC and play them on another device, bringing the power of your gaming PC to your living room or a slower laptop or tablet. But what’s the difference between them? RELATED ARTICLES How to Use Steam In-Home Streaming How to Stream Games With NVIDIA GameStream to Any Computer, Tablet, or Smartphone The Basics Both Steam In-Home Streaming and NVIDIA GameStream function similarly. They let you “stream” games from a solid Windows gaming PC to another device over the network. For example, you might have a solid gaming PC in your office, but want to play a game on the TV in your living room. Rather than unplugging your PC and hauling it to another room–or buying another powerful, expensive PC just for your living room–you can just hook up a cheap PC to the TV in your living room and stream the game. Your gaming PC does the work, rendering the game while the image is sent to your TV. You hook up one or more game controllers–or a keyboard and mouse–to the device connected to the TV and it sends the input to the game running elsewhere in your home. RELATED ARTICLE How to Get Better Performance from Steam In-Home Streaming Streaming will never work as perfectly as hooking a powerful gaming PC directly to your TV. There will always be a small amount of input lag and perhaps some graphical artifacts due to the encoding. But, with a solid enough network connection and a powerful enough computer, you can have an excellent experience that’s much better than having a less powerful gaming PC hooked up to your TV. While the TV in your living room is the usual example, it doesn’t have to be a TV. You can use this solution to stream games from a high-power gaming PC to a laptop or tablet, allowing you to play games your laptop just wouldn’t be able to play. GameStream Has Stricter Hardware Requirements Steam’s In-Home Streaming is the most forgiving in terms of hardware requirements. Valve recommends the computer you stream from have a quad-core CPU, and that the client PC support hardware-accelerated H.264 decoding. Practically any recent PC should have this feature. NVIDIA’s GameStream requirements are more strict. Your computer must have an NVIDIA graphics processor–AMD or Intel graphics  won’t work. That NVIDIA graphics hardware must be either be either a desktop-class GTX 600 series or higher GPU, or a notebook-class GTX 660M or higher GPU. You can check whether your PC supports this feature by opening the NVIDIA GeForce Experience application and looking under My Rig > GameStream. Steam Streams to Most PCs, While GameStream Is…Complicated RELATED ARTICLE How to Stream Games With NVIDIA GameStream to Any Computer, Tablet, or Smartphone Both of these solutions require you stream from a Windows PC, although Valve says it’s working on allowing you to stream from a Mac or Linux computer as well. But, if you have a powerful gaming PC, it’s probably running Windows anyway. The device you stream to is a different matter. Steam In-Home Streaming allows you to stream to any computer running Steam. This means that you can stream from a Windows gaming PC to a PC running Windows, Mac, or Linux, or a Steam Machine running SteamOS. There’s no way to stream to a computer running Chrome OS, though. NVIDIA GameStream, on the other hand, isn’t meant to stream to other PCs–it’s only meant to stream games to NVIDIA’s SHIELD devices (see below). But, thanks to an unofficial, open-source project named Moonlight, you can use GameStream to stream to a computer running Windows, Mac, or Linux, or even a Chrome OS computer. That is, as long as Moonlight is kept and up-to-date. Just remember that, since it’s unofficial, it could contain bugs or become abandoned at any time. Valve Offers the Steam Link, and NVIDIA Offers SHIELD Hardware Both platforms also offer dedicated hardware devices for streaming. For Steam In-Home Streaming, you can purchase a $50 Steam Link that’s designed to connect to the TV in your living room. This device isn’t a true Steam Machine; instead, it’s just designed to connect to a PC and use Steam In-Home Streaming to stream to your TV. NVIDIA GameStream is officially designed to be used only with NVIDIA’s own NVIDIA SHIELD hardware. NVIDIA currently offers a SHIELD Android TV device designed to connect to your home entertainment center, a SHIELD tablet, and a handheld SHIELD gaming device. It’s worth repeating that NVIDIA offers no official Windows, Mac, or Linux clients for GameStream. That’s why you need to use the unofficial Moonlight client mentioned above if you want to use GameStream on a PC. Only NVIDIA’s own SHIELD hardware is officially supported as a client. GameStream Can (Unofficially) Stream to Smartphones and Tablets, But Steam Can’t Steam’s In-Home Streaming offers no way to play games on an Android smartphone or tablet, an iPad, or an iPhone. However, that open-source Moonlight client for NVIDIA GameStream does offer Android and iOS clients , allowing you to play games on Android tablets, iPhones, and iPads. It’s a definite unique feature for GameStream, but it’s also unofficial. And, let’s be realistic–it sounds kind of cool, but you probably won’t want to play most PC games on your phone. GameStream Can Stream Over the Internet, Not Just In the Home Steam’s In-Home Streaming only functions on your local network. In other words, In-Home Streaming only functions in your home–it’s in the name. You can’t stream games remotely without messing with VPNs, and even then it may not work well. NVIDIA GameStream does offer some support for remotely streaming games, so you can leave your gaming PC on at home and stream games from it to another device over the Internet. Of course, you won’t have ideal performance, but it’s a neat feature nonetheless. Which Offers Better Performance? RELATED ARTICLE How to Get Better Performance from Steam In-Home Streaming Which offers the best performance? It’s impossible to actually say. Performance will mostly depend on your network–we recommend a fast wired Ethernet network to improve your streaming performance–and the hardware in the PC you’re streaming from. We’ve used both and they both seemed to perform similarly, at least in ideal conditions. If you’re using AMD hardware, Steam’s In-Home Streaming is the only option for you, and that’s not necessarily a bad thing. If you have recent enough NVIDIA hardware, you can also give GameStream a shot and see if one works better for you with your hardware and on your network. But you might stumble into bugs when using NVIDIA GameStream along with the unofficial Moonlight client, as NVIDIA doesn’t officially support this. So in the end, the best option may be the one that supports the operating systems and devices you use. JOIN THE DISCUSSION (4 REPLIES) August 25, 2016 Keith R. Starkey I'll never go with NVIDIA. I have had way too many problems trying to get their card to work--sometimes it just won't work--with games. There's always too many settings that have to be tweaked, and when you find a forum that lists multiple how-to pages to do so...nah, I'm out. August 26, 2016 Miguel Mayol Chromebook with Crouton or with new Android compability Steam under wine will also be able to be used as clients. But better if they have Ethernet connector or a USB to Ethernet plugin. August 26, 2016 Whitson Gordon Funny, I've had much more trouble with AMD drivers than I ever have with NVIDIA. NVIDIA has always worked perfectly for me with no hassle. Just goes to show anecdotal evidence really isn't all it's cracked up to be Got Feedback? Click Here to Join the Discussion Tweet Chris Hoffman is a technology writer and all-around computer geek. He's as at home using the Linux terminal as he is digging into the Windows registry. Connect with him on Google+. Published 08/25/16 DID YOU KNOW? Wiki was added to the Oxford English Dictionary in 2007 — 13 years after the first wiki was unveiled. BEST OF HOW-TO GEEK How to Enable Num Lock Automatically When Your Computer Boots More Than Headsets: 5 Things You Can Do With Bluetooth How to Fax a Document From Your Smartphone How to Uninstall and Block Updates and Drivers on Windows 10 5 Tricks to Use Your Android Phone as a Travel Guide (Without Mobile Data) How to Use All of Windows 10’s Backup and Recovery Tools What You Said: The Best Sources for Awesome Wallpapers What’s the Best Antivirus for Windows 10? (Is Windows Defender Good Enough?) 10 Quick Ways to Speed Up a Slow PC Running Windows 7, 8, or 10 Follow @howtogeek More Articles You Might Like ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Disclaimer: Most of the pages on the internet include affiliate links, including some on this site. Copyright © 2006-2016 How-To Geek, LLC  All Rights Reserved Get exclusive articles before everybody else. Get downloadable ebooks for free! Get geeky trivia, fun facts, and much more. Enter Your Email Here to Get Access for Free: Go check your email!
Home Tech Reviews Science Games Home Tech Apps Apple Samsung Google Mobile Wearables Business Smart Home Social Network Reviews Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Features Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Biotech Science Space Robots Environment Energy Living Planet Entertainment Film TV Music Culture Games Tech AMD Zen To Be A Serious Rival Of Intel CPUs By Victor Thomson , Aug 25, 2016 03:00 AM EDT Rumors claim that Advanced Micro Devices is working on developing dual Vega 10 GPU cards that will be launched next year. (Photo : Photo by Carsten Koall/ Getty Images) Lisa Su, AMD president and CEO, stated during the AMD special event in San Francisco that the upcoming Zen processor will lay the foundation for a new line of products. AMD Zen's Goals During the AMD event, gaming and performance computing enthusiasts heard mixed news. The bad news is that the first Zen chips that were expected later this year will be delayed until early 2017. The good news is that the long-awaited Zen CPU architecture is constantly delivering a significant increase in processor performance in benchmark tests. Top Tech News reports that the upcoming AMD Zen processor could potentially pose a threat to competitor Intel's CPUs. Advanced Micro Devices made radical changes for its flagship Zen design with the aim to become a force in the server and personal computer markets yet again. At next week's Hot Chips symposium in Cupertino, California, it is expected that AMD will reveal more details about the in-development Zen CPU core. AMD Zen To Bring 40 Percent Performance Improvement According to Computerworld, chip designers at AMD started to work on Zen's design four years ago with the goals to keep power efficiency stable and to improve CPU performance as much as possible. Ultimately, AMD decided to settle for a 40 percent improvement in Zen's performance over Excavator its predecessor processor. Mike Clark, a senior fellow at AMD, explained that going for 40 percent performance improvement was a very aggressive goal, but the team knew that they had to do it in order to stay competitive. When it introduced Zen in 2015, the company promoted the 40 percent CPU improvement goal during an overhaul of its chip roadmap. Recent benchmark tests demonstrate that Zen chips achieved the 40 percent improvement goal. Compared to low-double digit improvements claimed by Intel in recent x86 chips, AMD's impressive boost in CPU performance will be a radical improvement. AMD Zen Core Features AMD's Zen-based Summit Ridge 8-core 16-thread desktop processor arrives on top in benchmark tests when compared to an Intel Broadwell-E processor set to the same clock speed. According to Mark Papermaster, AMD senior vice president and CTO, the Zen architecture has indeed proved to deliver a 40 percent clock improvement over previous generations of AMD processors. In terms of design features, Zen comes with a number of changes, including simultaneous multithreading (SMT) and a new cache hierarchy. The new architecture fixes most of the design errors made by AMD in its previous line of Bulldozer-based CPU cores. In fact, Intel has already used SMT to great effect. TAG Advanced Micro Devices, AMD, AMD Zen CPU, AMD Zen chips, rival of Intel CPUs Related Articles AMD To Launch Budget Radeon RX 460 And 470 In Early August Tech experts expect that AMD will launch its budget-friendly Radeon RX 460 and 470 in early August. AMD's Workstation GPU Radeon Pro WX Can Create VR On A Budget AMD's workstation graphics chip Radeon Pro WX offers VR creation capabilities on a budget. AMD Radeon RX 480 Details Ahead Of June 29 Launch AMD is preparing to launch its flagship Radeon RX 480 graphics card on June 29. Sign Up for the ITECHPOST Newsletter Get the Most Popular iTechPost Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 ITECHPOST, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.. MORE IN ITECHPOST TECH The Most Incredible Apps You Can Use With The Surface Pen The Surface Pen is one of the most incredible tools that you can use with the Surface tablet, given the fact that it would facilitate almost every single task you´re making with it. SCIENCE Are UFOs Long Been A Part Of Human Civilization? Theorists Claim Signs Of UFO Can Be Seen In Ancient Paintings; Are They The Ancestors Of Art? Is this the reason why a number of UFO phenomenon are recorded? Are aliens part of ancient civilization reflected through art? What’s the truth behind the new bizarre theory that UFO signs can be found in some of the most precious ancient paintings? Here’s what authorities have to say. GAMES Pokemon GO Update: Latest Patch Arrives; No Holiday Event Addition? Pokemon GO will be updated to fix the bugs in the game. However, there are rumors that there will be no holiday event, how will this affect the game? TRENDING NEWS Square Enix CEO Talks About What To Expect In 2017 Mazda 3 2017 Gets More Than Just A Facelift HTC Vive 2 Will Not Be Unveiled At CES 2017 2018 Honda CR-V Spied: Here’s What The Next Model Brings No Man's Sky Update: What Improvements We Might See Next MUST READ 'Prey' PC Version Release Will Not Face Issues, Says Arkane Studios< Did Russia Hack US Power Grid? Tyrus Wong Dies At 106: How To Live Long And Healthy How Nintendo Stole From Itself And Became Successful TOP TECH Did Russia Hack US Power Grid? Is The Xiaomi Mi 6 Mix More Appealing Than The Samsung Galaxy S8? Apple's Partner Foxconn Plans To Fully Automate Production In China LG Plans To Unveil At CES A Robot With Echo-Like Mobile Assistant Mavic Pro Torture Test Proves That DJI's Drone Is Solid And Sturdy Home Tech ReviewsScience Games About us Contact us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 IQADNET LLC All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home Watch where you’re going, extreme surveillance is here – welcome to the world of the Snooper’s Charter Welcome to the world of the Snooper’s Charter Feature 30 December 2016 While the collection of data may help to combat certain crimes, people should be in control of their data and should have access to what data is being recorded and who has requested access COMMENT Relying on algorithms to interpret intention is how the advertising industry has got it so wrong and there is no reason to suppose that Government will be able to do any better unless they involve a person in the process Nick Ismail The UK government has finally succeeded in getting its so-called “Snooper’s Charter” into law. The Investigatory Powers (IP) Act received royal assent in November and comes into force soon. In short, it means the intelligence services, the police and other government bodies (including the tax man) can delve into how we all use the internet. ISPs must log the websites visited by internet users in the past year, devices can be hacked and there will be limits on encryption. The new law even allows the Home Office to build a search engine (the “request filter”), that authorities can use to find interesting data kept by those ISPs. Finally, entire chapters of the IPA concern new “bulk warrant” powers, that will permit authorities to collect and analyse online activity and phone records on a “bulk” basis. Those who argue that monitoring individuals’ internet behaviour in this way is essential to keep us all safe are missing the point. Sit down, strap in and wait for the accusations to come flying in. People have been sent to jail for a Tweet taken out of context or Facebook posts about a big night out getting someone fired – how long until we send someone to jail because their browsing history was taken out of context? >See also: UK’s Investigatory Powers Act shut down by EU The collection of data in itself is not necessarily a bad thing, so long as people have a level of comprehension about who is collecting what and importantly, remain in ultimate control of their personal data to reduce the potential for misuse. Mistakes that arise through misuse of personal data are already well illustrated by the marketing and advertising industry, where assumptions about a consumer’s interests or intent are made without context, leading to irrelevant and disruptive content interfering with a consumer’s online experience. These assumptions are often derived from the same type of data that the Snooper’s Charter now enables the collection of. As with the advertising industry, a glance at someone’s browsing history might disclose which sites they have visited, when and to some extent why. What it cannot always do is reveal the context or someone’s intention behind their behaviour. For example, ‘I might have looked at a particular product online or visited a tourism website, but this does not mean I wanted to buy the item or take a holiday in that location and so, being bombarded with advertising for this will only serve to irritate me rather than trigger a buying response’. >See also: What the Investigatory Powers Bill will mean for British privacy Giving authorities the power to effectively log someone’s digital behaviour and then analyse their internet history without having a user’s permission or a proper understanding of their reasons is fraught with danger and risks damaging public trust. It goes without saying that as awareness of the snooping law grows, the very people the legislation is designed to catch will go further underground, making more use of virtual private networks (VPNs), encryption and dark web browsing. For the casual browser though, this creates an interesting philosophical debate. Using data collected under the new law, it stands to reason that a person could be arrested on suspicion of criminal activity and that the authorities could have obtained and analysed a person’s data – making the arrest on the assumption of intent, derived from the inaccurately modelled data – before the individual has even been able to avail themselves of legal advice. These inaccurate assumptions could be used to build a case against the accused without taking context or intent into account, and given that the data has already been obtained, no further warrant would be required. The potential risk in this scenario is that you could well be accused and even prosecuted for simply browsing content on the internet in a certain sequence, or with a predetermined frequency – thus supposing your intent. If arrested and charged, you might eventually be released, but a record or even the charge could remain on your personal record with potential implications impacting your ability to travel or which jobs you are eligible to apply for. HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) could decide to take a person to court whose browsing history revealed they had visited a website about tax evasion. This test case could lead to an action against thousands of similar people who had no intention of defrauding the tax authorities but might have accessed a publicly available site with relevant information on how to. The government claims the new powers are subject to strict safeguards but critics argue that the IP Act is one of the most extreme surveillance laws ever passed in a democracy. So what is the alternative? How do we have our cake and eat it, so to say? Perhaps it could be that in future people will install their own personal firewalls so they have to give their permission whenever someone wants access to their data. If they refuse, they might be breaking the law but at least they would have an opportunity to explain their intentions. The trouble with the new law is it removes the person who created the data from the process, which could lead to wrong assumptions being made. >See also: What impact will the Investigatory Powers Act have on my privacy? people.io has the vision to build that firewall; where data collection, ownership and control is built around the user, ensuring greater transparency and accountability. This is reflected in our own privacy policy that was drafted by a Board Member of a well known international privacy NGO, explicitly stating that a user of people.io remains and retains ownership of their personal data at all times, enabling the progressive transition of data ownership from companies and governments to the individual themselves. Data is powerful and can be used for good and bad reasons. Yet if someone’s personal information is to be collected by the authorities surely it is only fair that the person who generated it is aware of what is happening and able to correct any misinterpretation from the outset. Relying on algorithms to interpret intention is how the advertising industry has got it so wrong and there is no reason to suppose that Government will be able to do any better unless they involve a person in the process. N.B. The extreme surveillance measures that make up the ‘Snooper’s Charter’ are under threat since the European Court of Justice said the Act was illegal. The British Government are taking their case to the Court of Appeal. Sourced by Nicholas Oliver, founder of people.io Related Topics Data privacy snoopers charter Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Read More Latest Popular Welcome to the world of the Snooper’s Charter 7 ways driving simulators are influencing the design of new cars 5 eDiscovery takeaways for 2017 Browser-based malware: evolution and prevention 8 predictions for business networks in 2017 The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Turning big data into high-class insights Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
null
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 25 August 2016 | MYT 3:00 PM CrowdStrike, other cybersecurity firms rejoining industry cooperative A good sign: People familiar with the situation told Reuters said that two other "next-generation" security companies are expected to integrate with VirusTotal by the end of next month, a hopeful sign that a serious rift between older and newer security companies can be healed in service of the general good. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Some information security companies that were shut out of the leading system for sharing data on malicious software are revealing more about how their own systems work in hopes of rejoining the cooperative effort, a shift that should improve protections for customers throughout the industry.  CrowdStrike, one of the most prominent young security companies threatened with exclusion from some shared services, said it has integrated part of its system for detecting malicious software with VirusTotal, the main industry repository for disclosing and rating risks of malware and suspect files.  Alphabet Inc's Google runs the VirusTotal database so security professionals can share new examples of suspected malicious software and opinions on the danger they pose. In May, the 12-year-old service said it would cut off unlimited ratings access to companies that do not share their own evaluations of submitted samples.  CrowdStrike is opening up a machine-learning process for malware evaluation, after discussions with VirusTotal on how to make the systems compatible.  "It will be very helpful to have the engine out so people can see for themselves how well it is working," CrowdStrike chief technology officer Dmitri Alperovitch told Reuters ahead of a public announcement on Aug 24.  VirusTotal did not respond to a request for comment. People familiar with the situation told Reuters said that two other "next-generation" security companies are expected to integrate with VirusTotal by the end of next month.  More are likely, the people said, a hopeful sign that a serious rift between older and newer security companies can be healed in service of the general good.  Some newer companies disparage the way that older vendors such as Symantec Corp, Intel Corp and Trend Micro Inc recognise malware based on signatures, or characteristics that have been spotted before. The younger companies say they use behavioural monitoring, machine-learning and other modern techniques to stop fast-changing malware.  Symantec, Intel, Trend Micro and other older companies say they also use similar new methods.  But some of the younger companies still used VirusTotal's assessments from old-line companies, without contributing their own evaluations. The dispute was partly based in technological compatibility with VirusTotal's system, an issue CrowdStrike said it and VirusTotal had solved.  Dennis Batchelder, general manager of an industry group called the Anti-Malware Testing Standards Organisation, predicted that more new companies would re-integrate with VirusTotal. Machine learning systems would benefit from access to the VirusTotal database, he said.  But some of the companies who parted with the VirusTotal ratings said they had no plans to make up.  "We did make attempts early on to engage with VirusTotal with the hopes that they would find a way to take advantage of our behaviour-based detection model," said SentinelOne chief marketing officer Scott Gainey. "To our knowledge, those interfaces still do not exist today."   And Stuart McClure, chief executive of Cylance Inc, pointed out that his company and others can still get samples of malicious software from VirusTotal, just not the opinions of other companies about those samples.  "We don't integrate with VirusTotal," McClure said by email. "The VirusTotal pullout has not impacted us at all." — Reuters You May Be Interested Vehicle tech records commercial drivers’ every move Mavic Pro: Fantastic foldable drone Doubles 'goddess' Goh is now single Another viral video of another Ipoh 'daredevil' Traffic crawl along major highways Quality homes below RM400k Others Also Read All ready for the new school year Analysts negative on Felda deal Fund Managers' pick advertisement Latest News What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere How Microsoft emerged from the darkness to embrace the Cloud How Seattle became ‘Cloud City’: Amazon and Microsoft are leading a tech revolution Software companies preparing for 2017 IPOs Silicon Valley's obscure unicorns could boost 2017 IPO market Most Viewed in Tech Tech-addicted parents to kids: Don’t do as I do Software companies preparing for 2017 IPOs How Microsoft emerged from the darkness to embrace the Cloud Next Academy offers RM1mil programming scholarship fund How Seattle became ‘Cloud City’: Amazon and Microsoft are leading a tech revolution Silicon Valley's obscure unicorns could boost 2017 IPO market Bitcoin jumps above US$1,000 for first time in three years Mavic Pro: Fantastic foldable drone What is cloud computing? Its tech tentacles reach everywhere Watch YouTube videos in HDR Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
MacDailyNews WELCOME HOME! Apple and Mac News Login · Register News Opinion Contact App Facebook Tumblr Twitter RSS Archives Widget Opinion Archive Dec 2016 Three predictions for what Apple has in store for 2017 Dec 2016 Apple’s smartest moves of 2016 Dec 2016 HandBrake: The party is way, way over Dec 2016 All the ways Apple disappointed us in 2016 Dec 2016 Apple endured a miserable 2016. Now what? Current Headlines Latest Joy of Tech 9to5Mac Poll: What rumored iPhone 8 feature excites you the most? How to hide and show app updates on the Mac App Store [Video] Apple reveals Chinese New Year promotion offering free pair of Beats Solo3 w/ Mac or iPhone purchase Review: Taking your iPhone 7/7 Plus photography further with Aukey’s Wide-Angle Ora Lens Get HyperDrive, the ultimate Thunderbolt 3 USB-C Hub for 2016 MacBook Pros while limited time pricing lasts LG UltraFine 5K FAQ: Everything you’ll want to know about the best MacBook Pro display 9to5Toys Last Call: Withings Wi-Fi Smart Scale $78, Bose SoundTrue iOS Headphones $90, Warp Shift for iOS free, more Become Tech Savvy: Why you can and should learn to confidently use technology with this unique series Apple in 2017: What’s next for Mac, iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch & Apple TV this year Apple Watch, New Year’s resolutions, and losing 50 pounds This week’s top stories: iPhone 8 roundup, AirPods a ‘runaway success’, New Year Apple Watch Challenge & Apple in 2017 on our 100th Happy Hour podcast Hands-on: LG Apple-endorsed 5K Display – an UltraFine choice for MacBook Pro owners? [Video] Leaker claims iOS 10.3 beta 1 codename ‘Erie’ featuring new theatre (dark?) mode, popcorn-shaped control center icon debuts Jan 10th Apple set to reduce iPhone production by 10% in Q1 2017 Review: Nanoleaf’s Aurora smart lighting panels match modular customization with HomeKit control [Video] MacRumors LG and Dell to Showcase Latest USB-C Displays for New MacBook Pro at CES This Week Apple Announces Chinese New Year Event Featuring Free Beats Solo3 Headphones With Mac or iPhone Purchase Samsung to Reveal Results of Galaxy Note7 Fire Investigation Later This Month What Do You Want to See From Apple in 2017? Apple Rumored to Begin Seeding iOS 10.3 With New 'Theatre' Mode on January 10 What to Expect From Apple in 2017: iPhone 8, 10-Inch iPad Pro, Refreshed iMacs, and More LG's UltraFine 5K Display Is a Worthy Companion to the New MacBook Pro, Even Without Apple's Looks Apple Will Reduce iPhone 7 Production By 10% in Early 2017 Due to 'Sluggish' Sales AirPods Supplier Increasing Production Capacity Due to Strong Demand Here's a Detailed Aerial Photograph of Apple Campus 2 AppleInsider Apple to give away Beats Solo3 headphones for Chinese New Year in select Asian markets Apple refugees dish on how iPhone development culture echoes into Pearl Automation It's cold! These are the best iPhone-compatible gloves to keep your hands warm Review: Master & Dynamic MW50 Wireless Bluetooth On-Ear Headphones How to get more Aerial Apple TV videos or change your screensaver outright Comparison: Which Apple MacBook is right for you? Review: Bragi's Headphone offers a solid alternative to Apple AirPods Editorial: Apple survived 2016's onslaught of fake news and failed competitors This week on AI: Vertical lenses on 'iPhone 7s,' LG UltraFine 5K unboxed & more First look: LG UltraFine 5K Display MacNN Goodbye from MacNN, and Managing Editor Mike Wuerthele Rumor Roundup: Oh yes it is! Oh no it isn't! Spotify claims app update rejection by Apple 'raises serious concerns' Best of MacNN: the MacNN Podcast, episode 25: My Stupid Cat's Fault MacNN Deals: Increase your productivity with these Mac apps Best of MacNN: Lawyer sues Apple for not preventing his porn addiction Hands On: macOS Sierra, part two Tekserve closing NYC store on July 31 after 29 years of service Giveaway: Final reminder of all current MacNN Deals competitions Bang & Olufsen unveils Beoplay H5 wireless earphones Daring Fireball ‘Growing a Different Apple’ MacOS Sierra PDF Problems Get Worse in 10.12.2 The Difference Between Google Assistant and Siri Daring Fireball RSS Feed Sponsorships for Q1 2017 Daring Fireball vs. Facebook Anil Dash’s Advice for Twitter From the DF Archive: ‘Short and Curlies’ Glenn Fleishman: ‘Has the Internet Killed Curly Quotes?’ Many Americans — Especially but Not Exclusively Trump Voters — Believe Crazy, Wrong Things Speaking of Deepak Chopra and Bullshit T-GAAP Where Does Apple Go To Grow? Merry Christmas from T-GAAP If you think AirPods Are Ugly It's Time You Take Another Look Record Sales For Surface? Seriously? MacBook Pro: Great Features, Expensive Cult of Mac Check out this week’s best tech, tools and lessons [Deals] Apple Stores go green in advance of Earth Day Apple taps Surface Pro hinge maker for super-thin MacBooks How Steve Jobs and the industrial design team saved Apple, this week on The CultCast Use free Snapseed on iPad to tune your photos to best effect Apple reveals how long its devices typically last Drawings reveal new buildings inside Apple’s ‘spaceship’ campus Apple reaches deal with Samsung to buy OLED iPhone displays iPhone recycling is Apple’s latest gold mine Apple looks to paid search to ‘improve’ discoverability on App Store Macworld UK 12 best iPhone & iPad apps for organising your life MacBook Pro Touch Bar vs MacBook Pro 2016 8 best new Apple products coming in 2017 How to write a novel: 6 writing apps & inspiration apps Apple Christmas Quiz 2016 - Round 5: The Mac Best games for old iPhones | Best games for iPhone 3Gs, 4, 4s and more Apple Christmas Quiz 2016 - Round 4: Everything iOS, iPhone, iPad and iPod How to learn guitar on iPad How to make an iPhone hologram projector Apple Christmas Quiz 2016 - Round 3: Apple through the years CNET iPhone Update Shorter lines for pricey burgers as Shake Shack ups mobile rollout - CNET iPhone 8: Most-wanted features - CNET Make your iPhone read aloud to you - CNET Moment lenses are ready for your iPhone 7 - CNET iOS 10 notifications look the same, but work a lot differently - CNET 9 reasons you should keep your current iPhone - CNET Why you'll soon forget the iPhone ever had a headphone jack - CNET Apple could launch an iPhone with curved screen - CNET iPhone 7 may sport pressure-sensitive home button, Space Black paint job - CNET iPhone 7 Plus purported mockup reveals blue paint job and more - CNET Dec 30, 2016 - 05:15 PM UTC — AAPL: 115.82 (+0.00, +0%) | NASDAQ: 5383.12 (-48.97, -0.9%) Apple’s MacBook Pro not likely to sport Intel Kaby Lake processors this year Tuesday, August 16, 2016 · 4:55 pm · 22 Comments “At today’s Intel Developer Forum, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich and other Intel execs showed off its 7th Generation Core, Kaby Lake,” Juli Clover reports for MacRumors. “For those unfamiliar with Kaby Lake, it is the third chip manufactured using Intel’s 14-nanometer process, following Broadwell and Skylake. It’s a semi-tock with optimized microarchitecture, offering support for Thunderbolt 3, native USB 3.1, and DisplayPort 1.2.” “According to Krzanich, Kaby Lake processors are already shipping to Intel’s manufacturing partners and will launch in new devices coming this fall,” Clover reports. “Krzanich did not provide a further breakdown on when chips appropriate for some of Apple’s machines long overdue for updates will launch.” “Intel often launches low-power 4.5W Y-series chips and 15W U-series chips first, neither of which are suitable for use in the machine that people are most curious about, the MacBook Pro,” Clover reports. “According to an old Intel roadmap, Kaby Lake chips appropriate for use in the MacBook Pro, the iMac, and the Mac mini won’t launch until the very end of 2016 or the beginning of 2017, meaning any Apple machines released in the fall of 2016 may be limited to Skylake chips.” Read more in the full article here. MacDailyNews Take: Same old, same old. Waiting for Intel. I’ve always wanted to own and control the primary technology in everything we do. – Steve Jobs, October 12, 2004 [Apple’s] reason for being is the same as it’s always been — to make the world’s best products that really enrich people’s lives. That hasn’t changed. And we do that through owning the primary technologies. — Apple CEO Tim Cook, August 9, 2016 As we wrote back in January 2015: There is no reason why Apple could not offer both A-series-powered Macs and Intel-based Macs. The two are not mutually exclusive… SEE ALSO: Mac sales to grow in enterprise with new Apple A-series-powered Mac – October 14, 2015 Apple A-series-powered Macs are not only feasible, they may be inevitable – January 15, 2015 Why Apple dumping Intel processors would be disastrous – January 14, 2015 KGI: Apple is designing its own processors for Mac – January 14, 2015 Apple A9-powered MacBook Air? – December 16, 2014 Why Apple will switch to ARM-based Apple A-series-powered Macs – August 27, 2014 Intel-powered Macs: The end is nigh – August 4, 2014 Intel’s Broadwell chips further delayed; not shipping for most Macs until early-mid 2015 – July 9, 2014 Apple will inevitably drop Intel for their own A-series processors in the Mac – June 26, 2014 How long before Apple dumps Intel from MacBook Air? – June 26, 2013 Categories: News Tags: 14nm, 64-bit A7, 64-bit A8, A-series, A-series Macs, Apple, Apple A-series, Apple A8, Apple+IBM, ARM, Broadwell, business, chips, corporate, enterprise, Haswell, iMac, Intel, iOS, Kaby Lake, Mac, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Macintosh, OS X, processors, SoC Thank You for supporting MacDailyNews! Loading... Comment Feed 22 Comments Wrong Again Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 5:11 pm · Reply I’m sure there will still be folks complaining “Why won’t Apple release Kaby Lake before next year?! UGH!!” Shadowself Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 6:17 pm · Reply I said this over a year ago on this site… Anyone who thinks Apple will ship Macs based upon Kaby Lake processors in 2016 is nuts. Kaby Lake is NOT shipping in quantity. It’s barely past the prototype stage for any of its models. It will be sampling for *some* models in the next month or two. Full production won’t happen for *any* model until November or December (just so Intel can claim they high full production for Kaby Lake in 2016). Yes, some vendors will announce Kaby Lake laptops (or laptop convertibles) this year with Kaby Lake, but they will not ship those in the tens of thousands per week. Not this calendar year. The problem is that Apple *COULD* have refreshed the entire set of non Mac Pro lines with Skylake earlier this year. Apple could have even supported TB3 and USB 3.1 with stand alone chips. Then early next year updated the entire line with Kaby Lake with the CPU integrated capabilities. Many, many Mac users would have been happy with that. Now Apple has the dilemma of either shipping Skylake systems before the end of this calendar year that they *could* have shipped four or more months ago (and be immediately declared as behind the times), or they can wait until 2017 to refresh the line base upon Kaby Lake and take the *very* real risk that many pro users are going to jump ship before then. thetheloniousmac Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 10:39 am · Reply Yes. You did say this, and it bummed me out then, and it still does. thetheloniousmac Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 10:42 am · Reply I’d say no point in shipping Skylake. All they have to do is break a tiny little bit of silence and say “We’re waiting for Kaby Lake” and most people will be satisfied. Lots of people will wait for Kaby Lake anyway. But they will be silent, and people will bitch and moan. spyintheskyuk Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 2:26 pm · Reply And that last sentence seems to be far too common of late, ie wait for a better solution, but end up waiting so long that their products ship for long periods with original more inferior solutions, and when they do launch its not far short of an opportunity for another update anyway had they gone with the less advanced chip option. Well that’s if they didn’t aim to try to save money by only updating well past the date when it is appropriate anyway, so exacerbating the timing problem further. The loss of sales by waiting as a result must surely put the logic of that policy into question. BigDave Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 8:00 pm · Reply Intel processors are two generations ahead of what ships in the MacBook Pro. You can’t blame Intel. Apple didn’t ship with Broadwell. Apple didn’t ship with Skylake. When Apple doesn’t ship with Kaby Lake, you’ll be complaining that it is because Intel is late with Cannonlake. Intel is progressing. Apple and Tim Cook are standing still. Voice of reason Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 8:10 pm · Reply The 2015 13″ MacBook Pro has a broad well chip, the 2015 iMac has a sky lake chip, the MacBook has a sky lake chip, the Mac mini and 15″ MacBook Pro are the only ones using a Haswell chip. The Mac Pro used the most current Xeons until this past May…. You’re very wrong. BigDave Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 9:18 am · Reply Well, I’m referring to the 15″ MacBook Pro (probably because that’s what I have). Regarding that, I am very correct. You are correct about the 13″ MacBook Pro. The Mac Mini is not only two generations behind; it uses a crippled processor (two cores only). Again, you can’t blame that on Intel. Blame Tim Cook. Voice of reason Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 5:17 pm · Reply This is why I’ve been so patient with the Mac refreshes. Intel is dropping the ball on processors, there is no reason they couldn’t give Apple early access to the Kaby lake chips for MacBook pros, like they did with the core 2 chips on the original MacBook Air. But with Apple now being one more company relying on intel’s roadmap and production, they are hamstrung what they can get from them. As MDN says A-series macs and Intel macs could easily ℅ exist, and I don’t think that’s the worst idea especially if the A10/A10x chips are markedly faster than their predecessors. Now if the Kaby lake chips don’t provide the generational improvement over sky lake? Then going with sky lake is fine for performance, and making some battery optimizations, storage improvements, and Polaris 11 graphics would make up for that in many ways. They may have to build a custom thunderbolt 3 board, but they’ll do it. Goddamned Intel. Wrong Again Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 6:15 pm · Reply I give them slack, too. I have the money to buy (been saving money now for years LOL!) and I have the desire for a new system (haven’t bought since 2013) but since I’ve already waited this long, I’ve been waiting for the “next” thing. Looks like the next thing won’t be coming until next year at the earliest, so I’m content to continue to wait until Intel can actually make something that Apple wants to use. OH, and if the chips next year are all dual core until late in the year, then we’re still not going to see an update.😦 Shadowself Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 6:36 pm · Reply Intel is NOT “dropping the ball on processors”! Intel has announced its roadmaps for processors 12 – 18 months in advance. Yes, there was a significant slip a couple years back. But since that time Intel has been very up front with their plans and have matched those plans within a couple months for the last couple years. Ax series Mac will not do what Intel Macs will do. A lot of the Mac users (even pro users) depend upon software written for Intel and/or Windows/Linux. If you want to run that on an A10/A10X architecture you’ll have to do software translation at the lowest level. That is a huge hit. The only reason why Apple could get away with it for the 68000->PowerPC jump was the PowerPC was *so* much faster than the 68000 series chips of the day. It barely worked (but it did work) for they PowerPC->Intel shift because the chips being offered by IBM had pretty much hit a wall. No one in their right mind is suggesting Intel has hit a wall with their CPUs. Are you seriously suggesting Apple move to Ax series chips which are slower than Intel’s current chips for the vast majority of what Macs do then take a translation hit on top of that? Kaby Lake is the “Optimization” stage of what is now a three stage process (is: shrink, new architecture, optimize — was: shrink, new architecture). Kaby Lake’s optimization includes things like updated PCIe lanes, TB3 onboard, USB 3.1 onboard, better internal graphics engine, Optane storage, etc. There are reasons to want to move to Kaby Lake. Voice of reason Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 7:42 pm · Reply The Ibm chips didn’t “hit a wall”. Performance wise, they’re still well ahead of intel offerings. It was “performance per watt” since apple was focusing on mobile systems. Intel has dropped the ball on processors, since Rachel iterative generation hasn’t provided the performance increase that apple came to expect in the first 6 years of the Intel relationship. For example, my 2012 MBP (as I’ve stated previously) isn’t much slower than the current systems. And in raw compute, is maybe 6 seconds slower on large encodes. Now if the kaby lake chips are significantly faster? Then use them. (The Polaris 11 gpus will be much faster than what we currently have) but if they’re not? Then use the sky lake. No one else seems to give razer any shit when they use last gen tech in their “gaming notebooks”…. Wrong Again Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 8:28 pm · Reply “there was a significant slip a couple years back” You could have stopped right there as we’re in agreement.🙂 Now, if we can agree that Intel has been REALLY late with a 4 processor mobile ready Skylake processor, we’ll still be in agreement. Intel JUST announced that they will be producing ARM processors. I’m sure it’s because they know Apple’s serious about going the A9 way and they don’t want to be left out. JerryR Thursday, August 25, 2016 - 1:14 am · Reply Sure, Intel really really needs to be in the 7% of PCs that happen to be Macs. Let Apple put Ax CPUs in Macs and watch their market share drop by at least half. Perhaps Mac sales will even drop below Win phone sales? Now that would be spectacular. Danox Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 5:24 pm · Reply Apple move on Intel is Motorola and IBM all over again. Derek Currie Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - 10:02 pm · Reply JV Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 12:12 am · Reply ARM based macs are out of the question for now, that’s a fact we know. How, you may ask? Well, Bitcode. (Bitcode is the intermediate language of the LLVM compiler that enables Apps to automatically support any CPU architecture without changes. With that Apple can change the CPU architecture and all Bitcode-Apps would just magically work with native speed.) If Apple wanted to change CPU architecture, it would first enable, then encourage, then mandate all new App Store submissions to use Bitcode, and then launch the new architecture after there’s enough Bitcode-Apps available. Without that they’d need emulation, which is impossible with current (low) performance difference between ARM and i64. If Apple had any plans for ARM macs, Bitcode would be mandatory in the Mac App Store. But Mac App Store doesn’t have *any* support for Bitcode at all. So, there you have it: no ARM macs in the pipeline for the foreseeable future. However, Apple supports and encourages the use of Bitcode in (iOS) App Store. They are closer to running iOS with i64 than running macOS with ARM (xBox killing game console version of AppleTV or iOS Apps on macOS?) Rather than waiting for ARM based Mac, I’m hoping for an i64 CPU designed by Apple. I don’t have very high hopes, but that would explain waiting for so long without updates. Voice of reason Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 4:57 am · Reply That’s a good argument, and would make sense if there wasn’t a history of Apple holding back compilers until the release of a “universal” binary support like during the Intel transition. Rosetta wasn’t even hinted at in code until it was announced with the 1st gen Intel iMacs and MacBook Pro. And I doubt that any developer who is trusted with that type of information would put any evidence of it in their systems. Apple recommends bitcode for arm devices because although they are different architectures (32 vs 64 bit) they are all still the same instruction set (risc) and it is required for older versions of software to run on older iOS devices that still use 32 bit arm devices. With the advent of iOS 10, and it dropping support for the A5, this won’t be necessary at the OS level anymore, which is another reasons that iOS 10 is smaller than previous releases, but is still required on apps that will support older hardware. On the Mac side, since i-64 chips are x86 cisc chips with the amd developed 64bit extensions, it makes little sense for Apple to tip it’s hand with any mention of a universal solution like Rosetta until they announce systems running on arm processors. And if they are able to get a hypothetical A10x “desktop” chip with better performance than any Intel offering, llvm support would be baked in to the version of macOS that ships with these machines. However, I doubt Apple would even hint at or announce such a transition before they actually do it so they can leapfrog the industry just like they did with 64bit mobile CPUs. Remember that PA-Semi had a PowerPC risc variant that was much faster than the core 2 series when Apple bought them, and there is no reason that team couldn’t have been developing both the arm processors for mobile and a true Intel replacement. Every time one of apple’s chip partners has gotten lazy, and not allowed them to move the way that they want, they drop them…. It’s happened 4 times. (Mos 6502- Motorola 68000, 68k-PowerPC, PowerPC-Intel, Samsung arm/strong arm-A series) and there weren’t any clues in any of the OS versions that hinted at these switches until Apple had publicly unveiled them. JV Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 7:03 am · Reply That’s a good argument, and would make sense if Apple was not supporting Bitcode for iOS. Why they can give that hint for iOS but could not do the same with macOS too? There would be less of a hint if both had support. In fact Apple told about Intel transition in WWDC, June 2005. First Intel Mac came out in January 2006, half a year later. It was not a surprise at that point. Half a year even though as emulator Rosetta worked with existing PowerPC binaries “as is” — developers didn’t need to do very much for the transition so Apple got full app library support for free (well, for the cost of emulation.) Back then Apple could afford emulation because the new architecture was so much more powerful. Not so this time — Intel to ARM is on par at best, so emulation is not an option. You need at least twice the power, and the power per watt is even bigger problem — emulating i64 on ARM would consume MORE, not less, than native i64. You don’t want an ARM based MacBook that’s both slower and hotter than an Intel machine. So the only viable way to have comprehensive library of supported apps on day one (and Apple simply must have it) is Bitcode. Just adding Bitcode support in macOS would help only if the apps were compiled to Bitcode beforehand (as it is not an emulator.) Zero 3rd party apps are. There are two ways to get 3rd party apps compiled to Bitcode: promote Bitcode years in advance or reveal the transition at least half a year early like with the Intel transition. But not on launch day. That’s simply too late when emulator is out of question (and as seen with Intel transition, even emulation was announced half a year early.) Early announcement could kill sales, so that’s not desirable. That leaves promoting Bitcode as the best option. But that does not mean revealing a transition too early, or at all: Apple can require Bitcode for all its platforms and it still would not reveal a transition. There are multiple other reasons to require it, like a possibility to reoptimize the apps when there are new extensions for instruction sets or security fixes in compilers etc. Apple can have good reasons for requiring Bitcode for all platforms forever without ever making a transition. So, by requiring Bitcode for other reasons Apple could really make the transition as a real surprise, unlike the Intel one that they were forced to announce half a year early. Bitcode support is not a hint of transition but as long as there is no Bitcode support, that’s a hint of no transition. Voice of reason Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 10:00 am · Reply That’s a little bit circular but I get what you’re saying. I guess my response to that would be that I predicated my argument on the hypothetical A10x desktop chip being more powerful/faster than any Intel offering, providing similar benefits to how Rosetta worked. I don’t think Apple would transition to a less powerful chip design. And I don’t see a reason why the pa semi team couldn’t out design Intel since they did it 8 years ago already, I guess we’ll see but I think putting bitcode into the developer release would tip their hand since Apple doesn’t support 32 bit macs anymore of the same instruction set. That’s why it makes sense on iOS platforms and the watch. The watch effectively runs a shrunken and optimized A5 called the S1, it’s 32 bit, so having the llvm built in makes sense, also because the watch works with 32bit hardware in the A6 (iPhone 5/5c). And because there are still a ton of 32bit iOS devices that can run iOS 9, which is when at wwdc 2015 they started requiring it. When >90% of the install base is on 64bit hardware, they’ll probably drop support for it. I think we just are coming at this from different angles, and I do see your point, I think we’re just not agreeing. scott Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 11:45 am · Reply They do need to have these ahead of everyone else. There’s no reason they shouldn’t unless they are developing their own processors. Gary Wednesday, August 17, 2016 - 2:33 pm · Reply Apple can upgrade the processor in the 13″ MBP but not the 15″ MBP. Sounds Apple just doesn’t give a crap to me. One can look at the Mac Pro and tell that Apple doesn’t give a crap about Mac Pro users, or Mac Mini users, either. In fact, Apple must hate Mac Pro users… Look at the POS they served up. Obsolete when it went on the market. Add Your Feedback Name (required) Email (required) Web cancel reply Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Recent Articles Happy New Year! How to use Apple’s iPhone 7 Plus Portrait mode to achieve best results Amazon’s Alexa mishears young boy using Echo Dot, tries to serve him porn Nikkei: Apple to decrease iPhone production 10% in first quarter of 2017 Unboxing LG’s 27-inch UltraFine 5K Display with Thunderbolt 3 Apple’s MacBook Pro with Touch Bar ups the ante, but… Three predictions for what Apple has in store for 2017 Dennis Sellers’ Mac and macOS predictions for 2017 New York Times story a sign that Apple is subtly pushing back on the idea of U.S. manufacturing? Last-minute spending surge lifts U.S. holiday shopping season; President-elect Donald Trump claims credit MacDailyNews Poll Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 21,479 other followers  Top 10 Free Mac Apps Kindle - AMZN Mobile LLC App for Instagram - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl App for Youtube - Instant at your desktop! - Joacim Ståhl Xcode - Apple The Unarchiver - Dag Agren PhotoScape X - Mooii Tech Dr. Cleaner: Disk,Memory,System Optimizer - Trend Micro Pool! - DoraLogic Full Deck Solitaire - GRL Games Streaming - Netflix edition - It's About Time - It's About Time Products  Top 10 Paid Mac Apps GarageBand - Apple The Sims™ 2: Super Collection - Aspyr Media, Inc. Magnet - CrowdCafé Logic Pro X - Apple Duplicate Photos Fixer Pro - Systweak Software Affinity Photo - Serif Labs Quicken 2017 - Quicken Inc. RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 Platinum - Aspyr Media, Inc. Final Cut Pro - Apple Civilization V: Campaign Edition - Aspyr Media, Inc.  Top 10 Free iPad Apps Super Mario Run - Nintendo Co., Ltd. Netflix - Netflix, Inc. YouTube - Watch and Share Videos, Music & Clips - Google, Inc. Hot Wheels: Race Off - Hutch Games Ltd Hill Climb Racing 2 - Fingersoft Rolling Sky - Cheetah Technology Corporation Limited Facebook - Facebook, Inc. Messenger - Facebook, Inc. ROBLOX - Roblox Corporation Angry Birds Blast - Rovio Entertainment Ltd  Top 10 iTunes Songs 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Mercy - Shawn Mendes Closer (feat. Halsey) - The Chainsmokers This Town - Niall Horan Let Me Love You (feat. Justin Bieber) - DJ Snake Bad Things - Machine Gun Kelly & Camila Cabello I Don’t Wanna Live Forever (Fifty Shades Darker) - ZAYN & Taylor Swift Heathens - twenty one pilots Scars to Your Beautiful - Alessia Cara Don't Wanna Know (feat. Kendrick Lamar) - Maroon 5  Top 10 iTunes Albums Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Sing (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack Deluxe) - Various Artists La La Land (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Blurryface - twenty one pilots Blue & Lonesome - The Rolling Stones 24K Magic - Bruno Mars Trolls (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) - Various Artists Moana (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack) [Deluxe Edition] - Various Artists Perfectly Imperfect - EP - Grace VanderWaal If I'm Honest - Blake Shelton  Top 10 iTunes Movies Suicide Squad (2016) - David Ayer The Magnificent Seven (2016) - Antoine Fuqua The Secret Life of Pets - Chris Renaud Jason Bourne - Paul Greengrass Deepwater Horizon - Peter Berg Hell or High Water - David Mackenzie Pete's Dragon (2016) - David Lowery Central Intelligence - Rawson Marshall Thurber Kubo and the Two Strings - Travis Knight The BFG - Steven Spielberg  Top 10 iTunes TV Shows The Six Thatchers - Sherlock Pantygate - The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills All His Angels - Vikings Another Catfishing - Sister Wives Mimi's Anniversary - Mariah's World Smoke 'Em If You Got 'Em - Top Chef Dirty Martini's and Dirty Rumors - Ladies of London Fugitive, Pt. 1 & Pt. 2 - Brooklyn Nine-Nine Danger Close - Shooter No Show - Vanderpump Rules  Top 10 Audiobooks The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life (Unabridged) - Mark Manson Born to Run (Unabridged) - Bruce Springsteen Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis (Unabridged) - J. D. Vance The Girl with the Lower Back Tattoo (Unabridged) - Amy Schumer The Girl on the Train: A Novel (Unabridged) - Paula Hawkins The Princess Diarist (Unabridged) - Carrie Fisher Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone, Book 1 (Unabridged) - J.K. Rowling Killing the Rising Sun: How America Vanquished World War II Japan (Unabridged) - Bill O'Reilly & Martin Dugard The Alchemist: A Fable About Following Your Dream (Unabridged) - Paulo Coelho Wishful Drinking (Unabridged) - Carrie Fisher News Opinion Contact Main RSS Comments RSS Facebook Tumblr Twitter Archives Widget Advertise Privacy © Copyright 2002 - 2017 by MacDailyNews All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP  
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Strange Things Are Happening in Chip World By Leila Abboud Tim Culpan Photographer: JASON JANIK/BLOOMBERG NEWS/BLOOMBERG NEWS Tech Leila Abboud Leila Abboud is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering technology. She previously worked for Reuters and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @labboudles Tim Culpan Tim Culpan is a technology columnist for Bloomberg Gadfly. He previously covered technology for Bloomberg News. Follow @tculpan Facebook Twitter Email Print Share Aug 24, 2016 5:36 AM EDT Semiconductor companies have a reputation for being volatile, capital intensive and brutally cyclical. The sector's in one of its periodic slumps, with revenue expected to fall again for the second year in a row because of weak demand in China, a dearth of hit products from Apple and Sony, and the fading appeal of desktop computers. So why is the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index -- home to Texas Instruments, Intel, Broadcom, and Taiwanese foundry operator TSMC -- trading at levels not seen since late 2000? It's risen 20 percent this year versus a 6.7 percent gain in the S&P 500 index, and is on an eight-week winning streak. Sure, analysts predict top-line growth will come back soon. Yet the rate will pale next to historic ones. Analysts at Bryan Garnier see a return to 0.6 percent average revenue increases for the next three years, compared to an average of about 9 percent between 1986 and 2015. Some of the stock gains can be ascribed to the fact that forward 12-month earnings expectations are rising, even as actual earnings are falling, something not seen since 2009 after the financial crisis. SOX it to Me While average earnings among members of the SOX Index have fallen, analysts have raised estimates for the coming year. This divergence hasn't been seen since 2009 after the financial crisis. Source: Bloomberg Yet even taking that into account, investors appear to have bid up the sector beyond what sell-side analysts predict for next year. Price-to-earnings ratios are near their highest in three years: Chips Ahoy Valuations among members of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Index are approaching a three-year high as investors drive up prices Source: Bloomberg Of course, the chief reason for the euphoria is deals, and the prospect of more of them. The chip sector has been consolidating rapidly since early 2015 with $92.6 billion of deals completed, and $84.3 billion pending, according to Bloomberg data. The frenzy means investors are probably ascribing takeover premiums to potential targets, such as Maxim Integrated with a $11.7 billion market value and Microsemi at $4 billion. Value of recent chip deals $93 billion But M&A isn't the only reason for the frothiness. Demand for chips used in cars, gaming, and video is growing rapidly even as smartphones and PCs struggle. This benefits chipmakers carving out specializations such as Nvidia, Infineon and NXP. Bryan Garnier reckons automotive chips will grow 6.8 percent on average from 2015 to 2018, and industrial chips by 7.5 percent. And despite the lofty P/E ratios, there may still be some value around. Neil Campling at Northern Trust Securities urges a focus on returns on invested capital. Using that measure, some chipmakers such as Texas Instruments come out well. It delivered a 20.7 percent cash return on invested capital on average in the past three years: Texas Hold 'Em Chip maker Texas Instruments isn't beloved by analysts, who mostly have hold ratings on the shares, but it has a track record of solid cash generation Source: Northern Trust Securities Cash return on invested capital is a metric used by Northern Trust. It's similar to ROIC but uses cash instead of profit Finally, with the much-ballyhooed "Internet of Things" apparently around the corner, we'll need lots of chips to connect all those intelligent fridges and robocars. Investors are right to look forward to a silicon-infused future. But with the index on a tear, picking winners is getting harder. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the authors of this story: Leila Abboud in Paris at labboud@bloomberg.net Tim Culpan in Taipei at tculpan1@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Boxell at jboxell@bloomberg.net Evergrande outstanding bonds $12.5 billion The Feeling's Mutual China's Own Mr. Trump Real Estate Christopher Langner Combined Market Cap of the Fab Five $2.4 trillion Rewind The Year in Technology: 2016 in Charts Tech Shira Ovide Number of Mid-to-Late-Stage Allergan R&D Projects 70 Betting the Pharm Brent Saunders's New Model Will Be Tested in 2017 Health Max Nisen On the Rise On the Rise U.S. Treasury yields have been rising in the past few months on higher inflation expectations Source: Bloomberg Cashing out Beware the Foreign Exodus From Treasuries Markets Lisa Abramowicz Megasize Me Megasize Me Acquirers announced around 35 large takeovers in 2016, compared with more than 50 last year Source: Bloomberg 2017 Outlook M&A in the Trump Era: Huge? Deals Brooke Sutherland Warren East The Rolls-Royce of British Jobs Ain't What It Used to Be Industrials Chris Bryant Jumbo Jet Jumbo Jet HNA Group's gross assets outstrip every other airline business globally Source: Bloomberg winging it HNA's Chen Feng Flies Close to the Sun Industrials David Fickling Help-Wanted Signs For Hire: Retail CFOs Consumer Shelly Banjo Average Net Debt/Ebitda for Top 20 U.S. Media & Telecom Cos. 3x In Play Go Ahead, Give the Media Merger Wheel a Spin Deals Tara Lachapelle Immelt's Legacy Extreme Makeover, GE Edition Industrials Brooke Sutherland In The Bag In The Bag Kate Spade stock surged more than 20% after reports surfaced the company was exploring a sale Source: Bloomberg Private Life Kate Spade Is Better Off Alone Consumer Shelly Banjo TV Loses Its Crown TV Loses Its Crown Internet ads, including those on YouTube, are expected to overtake TV in 2017 as the world's biggest advertising medium Sources: Estimates from ZenithOptimedia and Bloomberg Intelligence Screen Test YouTube Needs to Become a TV Star Tech Shira Ovide Stressful Times Stressful Times The Italian bank system's reliance on external liquidity, as measured by Target2, has more than doubled since mid-2015 Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Monte Paschi Let's Cut Italy Some Slack on Its Bailout Finance Marcus Ashworth Yield to No One Yield to No One GlaxoSmithKline has the highest dividend yield of its European peers Source: Bloomberg No Quick Wins for GSK Health Chris Hughes Brexit's Double Hit to Factories Brexit's Double Hit to Factories The pound's nosedive after the June referendum completely skewed inflation for input price growth, raising prospects of a margin squeeze as output price growth proves slower to respond. Source: U.K. Office for National Statistics 2017 In Charts 2017 in Charts: A Big British Squeeze Consumer Jennifer Ryan Leshi share price YTD -39.1% Law of the Jungle Leshi's White Elephants Need Slaying Tech Tim Culpan Have Cash, Will Travel Have Cash, Will Travel CK Hutchison has built up a hefty cash balance over the last couple of years, despite acquisitions Source: Bloomberg Auld Lang Syne Stop Shopping and Start Sharing, Superman Li Industrials Nisha Gopalan Patently Worrisome Regulators Chip Away at Qualcomm Tech Shira Ovide Down Year Down Year Pricing scrutiny and disappointing results have weighed on large pharma stocks this year Source: Bloomberg Calendar Hurl Pharma's Pricing Troubles Will Get Worse in 2017 Health Max Nisen Top Dollar Top Dollar Can AT&T justify the price it's paying for Time Warner? Perhaps -- we haven't seen a merger quite like this before where TV distribution, mobile distribution and content will all come under one roof Source: Bloomberg and Bloomberg Intelligence Moviefone Randall Stephenson: The Overnight Media Mogul Deals Tara Lachapelle Number Of Electric Cars Sold In Year Ending Sept. 2016 621,000 Like Oil And Water The Prince and the Martian: An Energy Fable Liam Denning This Bond Rout has Limits This Bond Rout has Limits SG's Edwards' technical analysis shows the 10-year yield is approaching resistance. A break above 3% to 3.375% could compromise his long-held view of an impending ice age Source: Bloomberg The Ice Age Cometh The Bond Bear That's Staying in the Cold Markets Marcus Ashworth What Frightens the Bond Vigilantes? What Frightens the Bond Vigilantes? Populism and rising yields are bond investors' top concerns Source: BofA Merrill Lynch 2017 In Charts 2017 in Charts: Time to Buckle Up Markets Elaine He State of Play State of Play All Hong Kong's top 10 IPOs this year have Chinese government links Source: Bloomberg Brownout Big Guns But No Bright Lights Markets Nisha Gopalan Glory Gone Glory Gone Tai Jeng-wu has a tough task ahead to restore Sharp's sales to its earlier heights Source: Bloomberg sharp cookie Japan's Taiwanese Tech Savior Tech Tim Culpan
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search CrossOver will soon run Windows apps on Android, Chrome OS JC Torres - Aug 24, 2016 2 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Yes, you read that right, but don’t worry (or perhaps be worried), it isn’t as straightforward or as magical as you might think. CodeWeavers, creators of the CrossOver software that lets users run some Windows software and games on Linux and macOS will be starting a tech preview of CrossOver for Android, which will do the same for Android devices and Chromebooks. Of course, there will be rather big limitations to this almost miraculous arrangement, from what devices you can run CrossOver on, to which Windows apps you can run. CrossOver is a piece of software known as an “API compatibility layer” that basically translates Windows system calls into equivalent Linux or BSD (which macOS is based on) calls. CrossOver itself is based on an open source project called WINE (a “backronym” that means “WINE Is Not an Emulator”) that has allowed otherwise inaccessible Windows software, like Microsoft Office or even some games, to run on those operating systems. It’s not a perfect solution and it doesn’t always work for all Windows programs, but both WINE and especially CrossOver have matured enough to be reliable for the most common and most popular software. The big news here is that CodeWeavers has brought that same CrossOver software to Android, which, although based on Linux also, is a very different beast as far as software layers go. This, in turn, has even led to CrossOver for Android running on Chromebooks via the still in development Android app support on Chrome OS. OS-ception ensues! There are some big “but’s” in this upcoming technical preview, however. First and foremost, CrossOver for Android will only run on Intel-based devices. While many Chromebooks do qualify, there are only a few Android tablets, and even fewer Android smartphones, running on Intel’s mobile chips. And even if you were to get one of ASUS’ beefy Intel ZenFones, that doesn’t mean it will be OK to run usually complicated Windows programs in such a cramped screen. CrossOver for Android is still in a very limited tech preview, and for good reason. It helps set the expectations down to a more realistic level. You aren’t suddenly going to be able to, say, run the latest Windows games on your Android tablet or Chromebook, though maybe someday that will be possible. CodeWeaver itself admits that CrossOver for Android isn’t even yet at a mature stage. Plus, Android’s limitations, both in software and hardware, will mean that some Windows applications might never really be supported. It’s an interesting and good start, but still just a start nonetheless. SOURCE: CodeWeavers Tags Androidchrome osChromebookComputingWindows Must Read Bits & Bytes It’s time this car safety tech was standard Tesla Autopilot update makes 2016 deadline; Price increase pushed back iPhone manufacturer Foxconn reveals plans to fully automate factories The Google Pixel shipping nightmare (and Verizon’s XL role) Nintendo Switch needs retro games to succeed Latest Headlines Galaxy S8 leaked to get Continuum-like experience Jan 2, 2017 NASA wraps up the year with a catchy tune and 2016 highlights Jan 2, 2017 Bitcoin is back over $1,000 as value climbs Jan 2, 2017 Topps, maker of sports cards, discloses data breach Jan 2, 2017 Tango capable ZenFone AR leaked ahead of CES reveal in Qualcomm slip up Jan 2, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science


HOME NEWS MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS CELEBS FASHION TV/MOVIE TV MOVIE GEEK TECH ANIME GAMES SPORTS SCIENCE/HEALTH BUZZ Advertisement HOME / Geek Back to list » Geek Microsoft wants to perfect Surface Pro 5; Likely launch in 2017 By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.26 Microsoft Corporate Vice President Panos Panay introduces a new tablet titled the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 at a media event for new Microsoft products on October 6, 2015 in New York City. Every now and then giant tech companies launch devices that suit the next generation. Last year, Microsoft Window's release of Surface Pro is such a huge success and this makes the launching of Microsoft Surface Pro 5 the more exciting. Advertisement Specifications, price, and launching speculations have been circling the internet for quite some time now. Rumors came from different sources containing important details letting readers to distinguish facts from fads. "The digital revolution is changing the traditional workplace environment, making us more reliant on our peers to share knowledge and work together; while more people are working remotely and need to be productive from anywhere. And, the workforce demographic is shifting towards millennials who are more collaborative, multi-task more, and use multiple devices," according to a Microsoft blog post. The Microsoft Surface Pro 5 could include a 16 GB RAM, USB C support, Surface Pen integration and display that comes in 2K and 4K. It has been said that the device is to run on Windows Redstone 2 that will be released in Spring 2017, according to rumors. This makes it more likely for the Surface Pro 5 to launch next year. Additionally, There is also a word that the tablet will be built with Kaby Lake, Intel's new processor, according to iTechPost. With Kaby Lake inside the Surface Pro 5, means less drain on the device's battery life because of the lower power consumption. Rumors had it that the laptop-tablet hybrid will offer a new Nvidia Pascal or AMD Polaris graphics units or GPUs. The screen's resolution is anticipated to be 3,840 x 2,560 pixels. From some early reports, the Surface Pro 5 could reflect its Pro 4 precursor along with the unveiling before the year ends and might be alongside the launch of a Surface Book 2, Channel Pro reported. It could be that a 2017 launch will give more time for the company to smooth out any issues concerning the device's performance before its release. Microsoft wants to avoid the same issue that Surface Pro 4 experienced regarding the battery life. With the Surface carrying the Service Program, authorized distributors can tender Surface devices with a subscription model. This, in turn, enables users to get the most recent devices with fewer upgrade costs. It already has started in Europe with ALSO, a prominent Cloud Solution Provider. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Related Stories Geek iPad Mini 5: news, features and update; Shall be called iPad Pro Mini instead? By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.25 Geek Google to no longer brace Chrome apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux browsers By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.20 Buzz Leak shows not only two but three versions of new iPhone 7 By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.08 News Google Fiber to go wireless in LA and Chicago; Made Kansas City lab for new wireless plans By Maureen Blas / 2016.08.17 Advertisement Most Popular Drama 'Legend of the Blue Sea' Star Lee MinHo Spent Christmas Without Suzy Bae; Plans On Spending Time With 'Heirs' Park Shin Hye? By Caroline Strait / 2016.12.29 Geek ‘Tokyo Ghoul:re’ chapter 106 recap, 107 spoilers; Porpora reveals working with Furuta! By Ryan Dawn Umadhay / 2016.12.27 Buzz SBS draws flak for playing G-Friend’s song for TWICE’s performance at the ‘2016 SBS Gayo Daejun’ By diana / 2016.12.26 Music BTS sells out Gocheok Sky Dome twice in a row; Gives Suga a shout out during ‘2016 SAF Gayo Daejun’ By Riezel / 2016.12.27 Music EXO’s winter album winter special album 'For Life' tops music charts By Dianne Sencil / 2016.12.27 Drama ‘Goblin’ Update: ‘Train to Busan’ Star Proves His Worth; Showrunners Proud Of Him; Lee Dong Wook & Gong Yoo Success Unparalleled By Caroline Strait / 2016.12.29 Advertisement Sign up for our newsletter SUBSCRIBE BUZZ Russian singer accused of copying Taeyang’s ‘Eyes, Nose, Lips’ denies plagiarism By diana / 2017.01.02 1 Netizens slam Sulli for uploading ‘disturbing’ photos on Instagram By diana / 2017.01.01 2 Yi Technology announces Tricopter Drone with 4K 60fps video capturing capacity By Madhu Majumdar / 2016.12.31 3 Yoo Jae Suk accused of being ‘left’ supporter after acceptance speech at ‘2016 MBC Entertainment Awards’ By diana / 2016.12.31 4 Lee Jong Suk draws flak for short acceptance speech after winning highest award at ‘2016 MBC Drama Awards’ By diana / 2016.12.31 5 Advertisement LATEST T-Mobile News: Beats Verizon and other wireless carriers in speed test; 313 million subscriber coverage; geared up for 5G ‘Full Metal Alchemist’ live-action film features new visuals and trailer AMD Ryzen 2017 CPU line-up, price, specs, release date revealed; 5GHz CPU may entice Intel supporters Matthew McConaughey explains why he turned ‘Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2’ for ‘The Dark Tower’ Android 7 Nougat now available for OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T providing better features Advertisement Advertisement About Us Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy HOME NEWS MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT GEEK SCIENCE/HEALTH BUZZ Sign up for our newsletter SUBSCRIBE © copyright 2014 - 2017 ASZ News. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content Main menu The Philippine Star Pilipino Star Ngayon The Freeman Pang-Masa Banat philstar.com Philippine News for the Filipino Global Community Masthead, pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Tue | 01/03/2017 10:17am | Forex: $1:49.720 Search form Search Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Secondary menu Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Opinion ( Leaderboard Top ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Let us mobilize for Duterte’s war on drugs FROM A DISTANCE By Carmen N. Pedrosa (The Philippine Star) | Updated August 27, 2016 - 12:00am It is obvious that Duterte’s reforms are being blocked by his enemies. Their objective is to blacken his image and make his campaign against drug lords difficult and frustrate government reform. They are not bothered that if the drug lords and their backers (politicians mostly)  are not stopped the drugs will proliferate and the problem will be impossible to solve. It is a war between criminals and their victims. Before that happens Filipinos must stop them or it will go out of hand. I am reprinting here the post of BayanKo’s adviser Jose Alejandrino which is now viralling in social media. We should not waste time with so-called congressional investigations from the very senators accused of protecting drug lords. Instead we should mobilize as we did in Duterte's Luneta rally to spare our country, the poor and especially the young, from the evil that confronts us. * * * The Alejandrino post calls the people to mobilize before is is too late. “Our nation faces imminent danger from the invasion of illegal drugs by foreign cartels. It has infected 93 percent of our barangays. It has impaired physically and mentally six million of our youth. It has corrupted many of our politicians at the national and local levels, and some police and judges. Since the start of anti-drug operations until Aug.1, some 1,800 were killed in drug-related operations, 10,153 were arrested, and over 600,000 pushers and addicts have surrendered. Of this total, 712 were killed since July 1. Many of these were cases of syndicates killing their own members to prevent them from talking to the authorities. Compare this to the statistics of the Colombian and Mexican drug wars. In Colombia, 220,000 were killed. In Mexico, 165,000, of which 12,500 were members of the drug cartels. Opinion ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 In Thailand, 2,500 were killed, 280,000 pushers and addicts surrendered. The sale of illegal drugs dropped by 50 percent. 440 politicians and local officials were arrested. In June 2015, during the time of President Aquino, the crime rate in the Philippines rose by 46 percent. Mar Roxas was DILG secretary and Leila de Lima DOJ secretary. In July 2016 under President Duterte the crime rate dropped by 49 percent. These statistics came from official police sources. They speak for themselves. It is clear that the accusations of vigilante killings and human rights violations against President Duterte are greatly exaggerated by the Opposition like Leila de Lima, Frank Drilon, and Antonio Trillanes who have a political agenda, by human rights activists like Cookie Diokno, by foreign media like CNN and Australia’s 60 Minutes. It is also clear that those in the New York rally calling Duterte a mass murderer were not given the true facts. All this is directed towards weakening Duterte’s program to deny the billions of pesos drug lords earn from their trade. It is a concerted and coordinated campaign by these groups and individuals to destroy Duterte’s reputation, obstruct his program, erode his popularity, and replace him with Leni Robredo who said during her US tour that her role as VP was to wait for something to happen to the president. There are Intel reports of assassination plots against the president financed by drug lords, some rich oligarchs, and some members of the previous Aquino government who fear being tried for corruption by the Duterte government. This is not surprising. It is no secret the established order considers Duterte a bigger threat than drug lords because it risks losing its power and privileges. The president has vowed to dismantle the oligarchy responsible for the ills of this country. So the country faces not only imminent danger from foreign cartels but also imminent danger to its duly-elected president from rich oligarchs and especially LP members. These are the scums and traitors of the nation who deserve to be jailed. The only way to defeat this threat is to pre-empt it. To strike the enemies of the State before they strike. We have therefore reactivated plan B. This call for general mobilization of all the president's supporters who by now comprise the vast majority of our people is the first step to make them aware of what is happening to our country. We will let you know D-Day. Please spread around. Be ready.” * * * Not a few were shocked that President Duterte said we will quit the UN if it continues meddling in the internal affairs of the country.  Many did not know that threatening to quit the UN has precedents. Although withdrawal from the United Nations is not provided for in its charter, other countries have done or threatened to do so. The UN Charter deliberately made no provision for the withdrawal of member governments, largely to prevent the threat of withdrawal from being used as a form of political blackmail, or to evade obligations under the Charter. Japan threatened to withdraw from the League of Nations in March 1933 when the League condemned Japan’s invasion of China. The same with Germany and Italy. Nearer our shores Indonesia threatened to withdraw from the UN in 1965. So is it possible for a country to withdraw from the UN? “Rebus sic stantibus (Latin for "things thus standing") is the legal doctrine allowing for treaties to become inapplicable because of a fundamental change of circumstances) has been narrowly construed (although not referred to by name) in Articles 61 and 62 of the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties. Therefore, under either customary international law or the Vienna Convention, it is unlikely that a state may unilaterally withdraw from the UN unless some fundamental change has occurred.” Therefore this column does not share Rep. Harry Roque’s opinion when he said that Duterte’s threat to withdraw from the UN is “impulsive, imprudent, and contrary to the interests of the nation.” Even an international body like the UN can err. What President Duterte meant when he threatened to withdraw from the UN is to show how seriously he takes his obligation as the President of the Philippines. When leaders of countries falter in their war on drugs because of outside interference it endangers the whole world because illegal drugs are an international menace. Moreover, interference by individuals, even if they are from UN, is often being done out of the context of what is happening in the country involved. It must be borne in mind that United Nations individuals do not necessarily speak for the whole body.   Opinion ( Article MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Click here to join the discussion Follow Us: Follow @PhilstarNews Sponsored Posts How about lechon with a twist this year? How to plan a successful last-minute New Year Party 5 ways online travel agencies make traveling a lot easier WATCH: Bianca Gonzalez's 'Paano Ba 'To' tips for mommies Outsmart fraudsters! Beware of these 4 scams this season Globe unveils new digital products, services How to find the perfect Christmas gifts Christmas at Iloilo Business Park Get free access to TFC when you send money with WorldRemit More Opinion EDITORIAL - Give her justice Oust-Duterte plot to fail at this time Communications Theologians on Du30 war on drugs Time to get rid of computerized elections 2017: Year of the ordinary Filipinos EDITORIAL – Collateral damage GSIS members: watch your bank New means to an end Duterte’s New Year’s resolution Sections Home Headlines Opinion Nation World Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Other Sections Feedback View the discussion thread. Opinion ( MRec ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 LATEST STORIES TRENDING Report: Pacquiao wants $20M guarantee vs Crawford January 3, 2017 - 8:50pm Djokovic advances at Qatar Open after slow start January 3, 2017 - 8:31pm Rose Parade features colorful floats, heavy police security January 3, 2017 - 9:38am Billie Lourd speaks out on deaths of mother, grandmother January 3, 2017 - 8:51am CamSur teacher seeks help to replace typhoon-wrecked classroom January 3, 2017 - 8:40am How about lechon with a twist this year? (Sponsored) View more » Opinion ( Button Ad ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 Opinion ( Skyscraper 1 ), pagematch: 1, sectionmatch: 1 About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscribe to Newspaper Site Map Privacy Policy Member Agreement Copyright Notice 6TH Floor, RFM Corporate Center Pioneer St., Mandaluyong City Philippines Tel. No. (632) 637-5400 For advertising concerns: email advertising@philstar.com For marketing concerns: email marketing@philstar.com the philippine star | pilipino star ngayon | the freeman | pang-masa | banat Copyright © 2012. Philstar. All Right Reserved
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Week In Review: 'Strengthened' Yellen, Mylan EpiPen Furor, Best Buy Hot, Dollar Stores Pinched Mylan CEO Heather Bresch came under heavy fire for the drugmaker's big EpiPen price hikes. (AP) IBD STAFF 8/26/2016 Reprints Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen said the case for a rate hike is stronger now, but investors weren't sure what to make of that. Pfizer (PFE) paid $14 billion for a one-drug biotech, but shares of drugs and pharma supply chain companies sold off as Mylan's (MYL) EpiPen price hikes drew outrage. Best Buy (BBY) earnings surprised investors, while dollar stores came under pressure. Stocks Retreat, Sideways Trade Continues For the week, the Nasdaq fell 0.4%, the S&P 500 0.7% and the Dow 0.8%. The major averages are still in sideways action. Drug stocks were big movers on Pfizer's Medivation (MDVN) deal and Mylan's EpiPen furor. Dollar stores suffered heavy losses as competition from Wal-Mart (WMT) was heating up. Yellen: Rate Hike Case 'Strengthened' Fed Chair Janet Yellen said at Friday's long-awaited speech that the case for an interest rate hike has "strengthened in recent months." That followed other modestly hawkish statements from fellow Fed policymakers. However, Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said Yellen's comments were consistent with a September rate increase. He saw the possibility of two rate hikes this year. Markets had already priced a Fed move, perhaps in December, but they don't expect any quick follow-up House (Data) Divided New-home sales soared to a 654,000 annual rate in July, by far the highest since October 2007, the Commerce Department reported. The 12% rise from June surprised economists looking for a slight dip to 580,000. Luxury homebuilder Toll Bros. (TOL) confirmed that the high end of the market is prospering, reporting a 69% jump in third-quarter earnings per share, a 23.5% rise in revenue and a strong backlog of orders. Existing-home sales fell more than expected in July, though that was from June's cycle high. But applications for loans to buy a home fell to a six-month low. Toll shares soared to a seven-month high, moving above their 200-day moving average. Durable goods orders jumped 4.4% in July, or 1.5% excluding transportation, with both results better than expected. Core capital goods orders rose 1.5% after a small June gain, the first back-to-back increase for the business investment proxy since January 2015. Mylan's Epic-Pen Failure The generic drugmaker Mylan sold off 11.55% for the week as members of the Senate and other politicians started inquiring into its price increases on its emergency allergy drug/device EpiPen. That fueled selling in drug and biotech stocks. Mylan CEO Heather Bresch, daughter of Sen. Joe Machin, D-W.V., said only a fraction of the $608 list price makes it back to Mylan, due to all the middlemen, leading shares of Express Scripts (ESRX), CVS Health (CVS) and AmerisourceBergen (ABC) to fall as well. Pfizer Buys Medivation, Antibiotics Big pharma Pfizer agreed to buy Medivation for $14 billion in cash, snatching the cancer-drug specialist from Sanofi (SNY), which had been trying for months to acquire Medivation. Biotechs rallied Monday on the news, with BioMarin Pharmaceutical (BMRN) jumping on rumors that it was Sanofi's second choice of target. On Wednesday, Pfizer agreed to buy the antibiotics business of AstraZeneca (AZN) for $725 million plus possible future milestone and sales payments and royalties that could amount to $850 million. Oil Settles In Oil prices may be settling into a trading range in the mid to high $40 range. OPEC members gave conflicting signals over whether they might support a production freeze, while Goldman Sachs said such a move would not "be sufficient to support prices much further." Meanwhile, the Energy Information Administration said U.S. crude inventories rose by 2.5 million barrels vs. expectations for a small drop. Domestic production fell slightly. Mobileye The road to self-driving cars got a little more crowded as Mobileye (MBLY) announced it will partner with General Motors (GM) supplier Delphi Automotive (DLPH) to jointly develop off-the-shelf autonomous driving technology for automakers. The two companies will co-develop "the market's first turnkey Level 4/5 automated driving solution." Mobileye already has deal with BMW (BMWYY) and Intel (INTC) to bring an autonomous vehicle to market by 2021. Mobileye shares spiked Tuesday on the Delphi news, briefly topping a buy point. Shares rose 2.3% for the week. Tesla Motors (TSLA), which is ending its business relationship with Mobileye, introduced new versions of its Model S and X that boosts speeds and driving range, powered by an updated battery technology. Tesla said its upgraded Model S is now the fastest-accelerating car in commercial production. Tesla shares fell 2.2%, closing below the 50-day line and just above the 200-day line. Tesla partner Nvidia (NVDA) unveiled a new processor for autonomous driving, saying it's 50%-100% more powerful than other mobile processors. Ulta Beauty Guidance Flawed The beauty products retailer reported better-than-expected earnings and sales, with yet another quarter of double-digit same-stores growth. Ulta Beauty (ULTA) also raised full-year EPS guidance. But its Q3 profit range was a little cautious. Ulta shares have been on a strong run-up, so it may have been priced for perfection. Ulta shares tumbled 6% on Friday, undercutting its 50-day moving average. Workday Workday (WDAY) reported a wider-than-expected Q2 adjusted loss. But it topped on some key metrics, including revenue, which rose 34% to $377.7 million. But shares of the cloud-based human resources software maker rose 2.5%, hitting a 2016 high on Thursday. Talend July IPO Talend (TLND) lost an adjusted $1.84 a share, according to its late Thursday release, but the French Big Data firm later clarified that the bottom line actually met estimates for a loss of 31 cents a share after adjusting for the share count following its initial offering. Revenue rose 38% to $25.4 million, just beating. Talend sees Q3 losses in line with views, but it guided revenue slightly higher. Shares fell 4% after much bigger intraday losses. Best Buy, GameStop Divide Investors Best Buy (BBY) stock jumped 21% for the week to a 17-month high on better-than-expected sales and earnings for its fiscal second quarter, including a surprise increase in same-store sales. The consumer electronics retailer credited rising demand for wearable technology, appliances and home-theater systems for the increase. Video game and electronics retailer GameStop (GME) disappointed investors with in-line EPS and below-forecast sales. Dollar Stores Are Discounted Discount retailers Dollar General (DG) and Dollar Tree (DLTR) suffered double-digit share price losses, as both reported second-quarter results that came up short of Wall Street expectations, with falling grocery prices and tougher competition hurting sales. Those results came as Wal-Mart is waging its own campaign to cut prices, a move that could draw more customers who have become more cautious with their spending. Jewelers Mixed Meanwhile, the jeweler Tiffany (TIF) held to its full-year outlook, while its Q2 EPS beat views, helping to boost shares. However, Signet Jewelers (SIG), the parent of mall jewelers Kay, Jared and Zales, slashed its fiscal-year outlook, partly due to difficulties "in the energy-dependent regions." Those regions' economies have been hurt by cheap oil and other commodities. HP Beats, But Guidance Weak HP Inc. (HPQ) reported that its fiscal Q3 earnings per share minus one-time items jumped 37% in fiscal Q3 to 48 cents on a 4% decline in sales to $11.89 billion, both better than views. For the current quarter, the printer and PC maker sees non-GAAP EPS of 34-37 cents, vs. consensus for 41 cents. HP is reducing its printing supplies inventory and is deeply discounting printers to expand its installed base. Shares closed little changed after a brief Thursday morning sell-off. Share this: Related news Stocks retreated Friday morning, the final session of 2016. (iStockphoto) Stocks Open Higher, Turn Lower; Mylan Rises, Nvidia Falls 12/30/2016 The major market averages started the session higher but have turned lower on 2016's final trading day. 12/30/2016 The major market averages started the session higher but have... Retailers Face 2017 'Reckoning,' More 'Sad Malls' As Amazon Keeps Booming Social Security Benefit Cuts In 2017 May Curb Trump's Plans These Five Household Names Are The Biggest Dow Dogs Seattle Genetics Gets Price-Target Cut On FDA News, But Shares Up Ross, Burlington Offer Retail Havens: Investing Action Plan More Than Bitcoin: Blockchain's Links Reach JPMorgan, IBM, Wal-Mart Amazon Gaining Holiday Season Share Vs. Best Buy, Wal-Mart, Apple Allergan Outlook Improves On Good Trial For Colon Drug: Credit Suisse Today's Spotlight MarketSmith Premium Get on the fast track to New Year profits with a MarketSmith trial. Free IBD Trading Summits Attend a Summit in Florida in January to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News T. Rowe Price's David Wagner likes the widening use of semiconductors made by Entregris. (Kris Tripplaar/Sipa USA/Newscom) Where Mutual Fund Bigwigs Expect To See Stock Gains In 2017 Internet TV network Netflix is predicted to be a takeover target in 2017. (Beto Chagas/Shutterstock.com) Bold Tech M&A Predictions For 2017: Netflix, Twitter, GoPro In Play Trade stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, ETFs and CFDs from a single account Promoted Content By INTERACTIVE BROKERS Special Report 2017 Personal Finance Action Plan & 2016 Stock Market Review Get the right "recipe" for making money in 2017 with stocks, ETFs, mutual funds and bonds. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Yahoo7 The West Australian Digital EditionPlace an adAnnouncements NewsSportBusinessPoliticsOpinionLifestyleEntertainmentTravelTechnology Menu iconAll Sections All Sections News Show WA News Australia World News Regional WA 7 News Perth Offbeat Weather Countryman Sport Show AFL WAFL Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Horse Racing Soccer Basketball Tennis Motorsport Business Show Markets Commercial Property Mining Energy Startups Agriculture Public Companies Politics Show Federal Politics State Politics Local Government Regional Politics World Politics Opinion Show Editorials Inside Cover Dean Alston Letters Paul Murray Gareth Parker Daniel Emerson Shane Wright Andrew Probyn Colleen Egan Lifestyle Show Food Drink Health & Wellbeing New Homes Real Estate Home Decorating Garden Retirement Fashion Motoring Entertainment Show Movies TV Music Theatre Books Arts Celebrity Gossip Festivals Travel Show WA Travel Australasia Pacific Asia Europe Americas Antarctica Cruising Holidays Photography Travel Tips Technology Show Gadgets Gaming Internet Apps Smartphones Hardware Science Innovation Telecommunications Security Tuesday, 03 January, 2017 SCG heroicsWarner unleashes fastest Aussie century since Bradman Australian opener draws widespread praise after brining up a century before lunch. 30 minutes ago Negligence battleFather sues after one-in-a million vaccine reaction Man left disabled by whooping cough vaccination pursues claim against State 5 hours ago Hot spellPerth heats up with 39C today More hot weather today and tomorrow before a cool-down later in the week. 4 hours ago Car v houseCar crashes into Lockridge home Vehicle reportedly driven into house deliberately, one in custody. 3 hours ago More roomsHotel boom a game changer The six-star Crown Towers is the first of 24 new hotels to open in and around Perth 10 hours ago Road tollDriver dies in Harvey crash, third road death for 2017 The man was driving on Quindanning Road when his car left the road and hit a tree. 5 hours ago Foul playMariah Carey promises ‘full investigation’ of NYE fail Source close to star says she won’t be letting it go. an hour ago Tourism pushRoo selfie selling WA in leaps and bounds A kangaroo selfie and an image of Elizabeth Quay are among most popular photographs 10 hours ago Inside CoverGoogle Map name change fail for Armadale Talk about some geographical confusion. 4 hours ago Music racketScammers demand iTunes giftcards, bitcoin as loot Criminals use Facebook and fake trusted brands to trick you out of money. 3 hours ago Fire powerWarner heroics have Aussies well in control at SCG Australian opener blasts half-century off just 41 balls in SCG Test. an hour ago Mobile quickerInternet is too slow for most Perth’s internet speeds so bad only 5 per cent of residents say home connection fast 10 hours ago Opinionmore Inside CoverGoogle Map name change fail for Armadale Talk about some geographical confusion. Liam Croy 4 hours ago Air quality concernHalt Roe 8 to assess true costs of pollution Dr Sue Graham-Taylor AM is a conservationist and historian. Sue Graham-Taylor a day ago Death and taxesBudget forecasts are wide of the mark If forecasts are wrong the election winner is in for a world of fiscal pain. Shane Wright | Economics Editor a day ago NewsSportBusinessPoliticsOpinionLifestyleEntertainmentTravelTechnology Menu iconAll Sections All Sections News Show WA News Australia World News Regional WA 7 News Perth Offbeat Weather Countryman Sport Show AFL WAFL Rugby Union Rugby League Cricket Horse Racing Soccer Basketball Tennis Motorsport Business Show Markets Commercial Property Mining Energy Startups Agriculture Public Companies Politics Show Federal Politics State Politics Local Government Regional Politics World Politics Opinion Show Editorials Inside Cover Dean Alston Letters Paul Murray Gareth Parker Daniel Emerson Shane Wright Andrew Probyn Colleen Egan Lifestyle Show Food Drink Health & Wellbeing New Homes Real Estate Home Decorating Garden Retirement Fashion Motoring Entertainment Show Movies TV Music Theatre Books Arts Celebrity Gossip Festivals Travel Show WA Travel Australasia Pacific Asia Europe Americas Antarctica Cruising Holidays Photography Travel Tips Technology Show Gadgets Gaming Internet Apps Smartphones Hardware Science Innovation Telecommunications Security The West Network West ClassifiedsThe GameWest BenefitsAirline RatingsSeven West Travel ClubWest AnnouncementsJobfinderWest CompetitionsMedia EducationQuokka Subscribe to The West Australian NewspaperThe West Email NewslettersThe West Digital Edition Other Contact UsFrequently Asked QuestionsEditorial PolicyEditorial ComplaintsPlace an Ad in the ClassifiedsAdvertise in The WestCorporateWork for Us © The West Australian and Seven West Media (WA). All rights reserved. Privacy PolicyTerms & Conditions The West Australian
null
Radar Home Breaking News Featured Photos Viral Videos Kardashian Khronicles Reality TV Scandals Weird But True ‘RHONY’ Drama 8Luann De Lesseps 'Pissed' At Jill Zarin For Destroying Her Wedding6 hours ago - 8 photos 8'RHONY' Star Luann De Lesseps' Ceremony Secrets Exposed1 day ago - 8 photos Luann De Lesseps Faces A 'RHONY' Crisis Ahead Of Her Ceremony2 days ago 12Wedding Bell Countdown! Luann de Lesseps’ Secret Wedding Details Exposed3 days ago - 12 photos 9'RHONY' Fakery REVEALED — Something's Rotten In The Big Apple!1 month ago - 9 photos Mariah Carey’s New Year’s Eve Performance 10Dick Clark's Team Fires Back At Mariah Carey's 'Sabotage' Claims8 hours ago - 10 photos 8Mariah Carey Believes She Was 'Sabotaged' During Disaster NYE Performance1 day ago - 8 photos 11Oops! Most Shocking Wardrobe Malfunctions Of 20166 days ago - 11 photos 16X-Rated! The 15 Sexiest Social Media Snaps Of 2016 Revealed1 week ago - 16 photos 7Junk Food, Fried Crickets, & Liquid Diets – Celebrities' Strange Diets Revealed2 weeks ago - 7 photos EMAIL US A TIP Search EMAIL US A TIP FacebookTwitter Name Email Phone Your Tip send Yes, please sign me up to receive The Daily Juice Privacy Policy send 73 Days To Election Kremlin Connection? The TRUTH About Hillary’s Shady Ties To Russia REVEALED Find out why insiders say Clinton has some explaining to do. By Radar Staff Posted on Aug 26, 2016 @ 17:11PM Getty Images Americans have no idea just how closely Hillary Clinton is tied to the Kremlin! That’s the shocking claim of a new report that alleges the Democratic nominee is secretly pals with Vladimir Putin and his countrymen. Peter Schweizer, the author of Clinton Cash, has published a report that claims that that Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta was on the executive board of a foreign company that received $35 million from the Kremlin. “The company was a transparent Russian front, and how much Podesta was compensated — and for what — is unclear. In addition, Podesta failed to disclose his position on that board to the Federal government, as required by law,” John Schindler of the Observer wrote. As Radar previously reported, when Clinton was secretary of state, she profited from the “Russian Reset,” a failed attempt to improve relations between the U.S. and Russia. PHOTOS: J Lo, Leo, Housewives & More! The Stars Turn Out For Hillary Clinton Fundraiser Schweizer wrote, “Many of the key figures in the Skolkovo process — on both the Russian and U.S. sides — had major financial ties to the Clintons. During the Russian reset, these figures and entities provided the Clintons with tens of millions of dollars, including contributions to the Clinton Foundation, paid for speeches by Bill Clinton, or investments in small start-up companies with deep Clinton ties.” Schweizer also details “Skolkovo,” a Silicon Valley-like campus that both the U.S. and Russia worked on for developing biomed, space, nuclear and IT technologies. He told the New York Post that there was a “pattern that shows a high percentage of participants in Skolkovo who happen to be Clinton Foundation donors.” Skolkovo is nothing like Silicon Valley, however. It’s funded mostly by the Kremlin and President Vladmir Putin has taken a vested interest in the high-tech complex, understanding that it has great value to the country’s defense and security sector. Clinton had pushed American and European investment in Skolkovo, getting Cisco, Google, and Intel to join in. The three companies were coincidently Clinton Foundation investors as well. “Hillary Clinton’s ties to Russia, and to entities that are basically subsidiaries of the FSB, are deeper than those of Donald Trump and they are much less transparent,” Redstate reported. Clinton was once ready to agree to a deal which would have given Russia increased power over uranium markets, for example. Despite warnings against the deal, Clinton’s State Department approved. PHOTOS: Email Leak Exposes Hillary’s Sick Obsession With Anthony Weiner Sexting Scandal “One thing you can bet on with mathematical certainty is that the Russian FSB has compromised Hillary Clinton and her inner circle to such an extent that you can bet that US policy will be subordinated to the Kremlin’s strategy,” Redstate wrote. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Share Hillary Clinton Comments 87 Hot Photos Hollywood, through the Radar lens! Radar's Free Newsletter TheDailyJuice Thank you for subscribing! DBU Article Most Popular Naughty Or Nice? Inside Kylie Jenner & Blac Chyna's Christmas Catfight They're Back! 'Sex And The City' Cast Officially Signed On To Film Third Movie Late '16 & Pregnant' Star Valerie Fairman 'Loved' Her Daughter 'More Than Anything!' Last Ditch Effort! Inside Kim's Struggle To Save Her Broken Marriage To Kanye Crazy In Love — Again! Inside Beyonce & Jay Z’s Lavish Christmas Plans Take It All Off! The 10 Hottest Nude Scenes Of 2016 Exposed Grandpa To The Rescue! Tom Hanks Is 'Doing A Great Job' Helping Son's Love Child Take Them Out! Nicole Removes Breast Implants Over Shocking Death Fear Inside Late '16 & Pregnant' Star Valerie Fairman's Painful Struggle To Save Her Life Blac Chyna's Desperate Attempts To Win Over Kardashians EXPOSED © 2017 Radar Online, LLC Powered by BS AdvertisersPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
Skip to content Hackaday Primary Menu Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Submit About January 2, 2017 Books You Should Read: The Soul of A New Machine 46 Comments by: Adam Fabio August 26, 2016 If there was one book that describes what it means to be in the trenches of a cutting edge design, that book is The Soul Of a New Machine. Tracy Kidder’s Pulitzer prize-winning book has been an inspiration to thousands over the years. Soul is the story of the creation of the Data General Eclipse MV/8000, code-named Eagle. Eagle was Data General’s first 32-bit minicomputer. If you’re not a retrocomputing aficionado, minicomputers were a major industry back in the 70’s and 80’s. Starting in 1964 with the Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) PDP-8, minis provided a low-cost means for companies to get a computer. The only other option was a huge mainframe from companies like IBM. Minicomputers chugged along until the 1990s when microprocessor-based PCs and workstations passed them by. The market, and the industry evaporated. Today, more than 30 years later, minicomputers are all but forgotten. Data General itself is long gone, purchased by EMC in 1999. DG’s mark on the landscape has all but been erased by the swiftly moving sands of technical progress. All except for the snapshot Kidder set down in Soul. An MV/8000 installation (from DG literature) The technical side of designing a new computer is just one part of this book. The Soul of a New Machine is three stories: the story of the engineers, the story of the managers, and the story of the machine they built. For this reason, the book has found itself on the reading list of engineering schools and management institutes alike. The thing that makes this book appeal to the masses is Kidder’s uncanny ability to explain incredibly complex topics in layman’s terms. He manages to explain the inner workings of a 32-bit CPU, all the way down to the level of microcode. He delves into Programmable Array Logic (PALs), forerunners of the CPLD and FPGA devices you read about on our pages today. PALs were a hot new technology back in the late 70’s. They allowed the Eagle team to make changes quickly — without pulling out their wire wrapping tools. Kidder manages to explain these things in a way that doesn’t leave the average Joe scratching their head, yet doesn’t bore the technically savvy. If he ever decides to stop writing non-fiction, Tracy Kidder would have a career writing user manuals. The Soul of a New Machine starts in a very unlikely place – on the deck of a sailing ship during a rough storm. The scene is our introduction to the star of the book – Tom West, a manager at Data General. West is multifaceted and enigmatic to say the least. A folk guitarist who was inspired to work on electronics by the Apollo program. He was a few years too late for NASA though. Eventually he found himself travelling the world building and adjusting incredibly accurate clocks at astronomical observatories for the Smithsonian. This meandering path eventually led him to DG, where he was hired as a computer engineer and quickly worked his way up the ranks. Data General was already working on a 32-bit computer at this point. The company’s best and brightest engineers had started on “Fountainhead”, which was a no holds barred next generation machine. Disputes over taxes between Data General and the Massachusetts government caused the company to move the entire FHP team to North Carolina’s RTP. West headed up the group which designed Eclipse computers – the bread and butter 16-bit minicomputers which kept the lights on at Data General. This set the stage for a bitter inter-company rivalry, as well as fierce competition for resources. Several of West’s programs were cancelled before they ever got out the door. To put it bluntly, he was pissed. West went to CEO Edson de Castro and asked what he wanted. The answer was simple: A 32-bit Eclipse without a mode bit. Of Men and Mode bits Any company has to deal with old products. In the computing world, the term is legacy. In the computing industry, it’s a particularly nasty problem. New generations of a computer usually need to be compatible with the older ones. Breaking compatibility would mean all the customers software has to be ported — a long and arduous job that opens the door for a competitor to swoop in. How does a designer add new features, yet maintain compatibility with older software? The answer is often a mode bit. In “legacy mode” the new machine acts exactly like the old generation. Switch to “modern mode” and the true power of the new computer is unlocked. The problem is that future generation machines will need a different mode bit for compatibility with every generation that came before it. A (simplified) example of this is Intel’s x86 architecture. The 286 had to be compatible with the 8086, so protected mode was created. Fast forward to x86-64, and we’re up to 7 modes, switching between 16, 32, and 64-bit systems. West couldn’t build a computer on his own. He pulled in lieutenants Carl Alsing and Ed Rasala. Together they recruited a team of 20-somethings, fresh out of college. The engineers fell into two groups – The Hardy Boys, who designed the hardware, and the microkids, who wrote the microcode. Everyone on the project performed an informal ritual of “signing up” — a term coined by West. An engineer signing up for a project agrees to go above and beyond the call of duty to ensure the project succeeds. Saturdays, Sundays, 90+ hour weeks, whatever it took. All this came at the cost of the engineer’s personal life. Getting fresh college grads to sign up was easy. Tracy Kidder (left) and Tom West give a talk at the computer museum West wasn’t a friendly manager. He didn’t say hello, or even acknowledge his new recruits in the hallways. One even nicknamed him “the prince of darkness”. It was all a form of mushroom management and clever (if immoral) manipulation to get the most out of the team. On the other hand, West insulated his team from the distractions of upper management. They toiled away in a basement hidden from view. It’s with West and these engineers that Kidder spends much of the book. He became embedded, visiting the workers’ houses, meeting their families, looking at the hobbies and artwork they spent time on before the Eagle project. Learning their hopes, dreams, and what drove them to work as hard as they did. This is after all, a book about history, so stop here if you don’t want any spoilers. Suffice it to say the team eventually did get the Eagle out the door. In a political move, West was shipped off to Data General Japan. The Eagle was broken up with many of them leaving the company to find new jobs. If any of them were expecting accolades and stock options from the company, they were slow in coming. Wired magazine checked in on the engineers back in 2000. Now, as the 20-somethings of 1978 approach retirement, you can find them on LinkedIn and other social media sites. Once the book went to print, the team, especially West, became minor celebrities in the computer industry. Data General used this to their advantage, trotting West out whenever they could to sign books and promote new designs. He wasn’t exactly happy about that, but he stayed with the company until 1998, when he retired. West passed on in 2011. His obituary made the New York Times. His daughter, Jessamyn West, an accomplished librarian and MetaFilter staffer, posted a link to his Flickr page. While it doesn’t contain many photos of the Data General Eagle project, It does have shots of Tom’s fabled home workshop. The story of the Eagle isn’t unique, in fact, nearly every company has a story that the staff reminisces about. One about a project where people put in crazy hours, and got the work done against all odds. The difference is that this project was put down in words everyone can understand and relate to. Tracy Kidder’s abilities can’t be overstated here. The Soul of A New Machine had an impact on engineers at the time, and in the decades since. I found one example talking to the Hackaday writing staff: An engineer working on the Commodore 128 was told to remove the 128/64 mode bit. It almost worked, except for a bug in the font ROM which was brought to light by the popular koala paint program. [Bil Herd], lead hardware designer on the 128, had read the book too. He decided to keep a pseudo-mode bit handy, essentially a summation of all the things that were switched on in 64 mode. [Bil’s] insurance policy paid off with this bug. The 128/64 mode bit was used to switch between the original C64 font ROMs and the extended 128 ROM. Further Reading The Soul of a New Machine on Amazon Tom West and Tracy Kidder’s 1983 talk at the computer museum (pdf link) O, Engineers: Wired,  December 1, 2000 Souls, Lost and Found: Wired, December 1, 2000 Tom West’s obituary: The New York Times May 27, 2011 Posted in classic hacks, Hackaday Columns, InterestTagged Data General, eagle, Eclipse MV/8000, The Soul of a New machine, Tom West Post navigation ← Intel Makes A Cool Robot Brain In Latest Attempt to Pry Hackers From Their Wallets Interactive Dynamic Video → 46 thoughts on “Books You Should Read: The Soul of A New Machine” nsayer says: August 26, 2016 at 10:08 am “If he ever decided to stop writing non-fiction, he’d have a career writing user manuals.” Sick tech-pubs burn, Hackaday. Report comment Reply Mike Szczys says: August 26, 2016 at 12:06 pm I must say I balked when editing this as well. But re-read what Adam wrote at the beginning of the paragraph. In that context this is a compliment — he doesn’t just have fiction chops, he has technical chops too and the ability to balance the two together. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:15 pm I guess you could interpret that as saying tech pubs people write fiction. While that wasn’t my intention, I have met some tech pubs staff who live in a fictional world where everything works great and no one needs to troubleshoot. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 3:37 pm Yeah you can’t have alpha geeks doing documentation, everything works out of sheer intimidation. You need a beta on there that everything goes wrong for and really appreciates the hard fought solution. Report comment Reply radiusmike says: August 26, 2016 at 5:17 pm One of the best technology books I have ever read. Report comment Reply Christopher Favreau says: August 26, 2016 at 10:12 am I really love the book. I have read it twice. The book is a really good look into an engineering team and how true hard work pays off. It is a great book for getting the spark going on a project you have slacked off on too. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 10:28 am Yes, it’s a pretty good read. It’s almost a cross between Arthur Haley in how it compares to the fictional work Wheels in structure and pacing, and Tom Wolfe for the nitty gritty non-fic realism. A later work “House” is quite good also, giving you the insight into the making of a thing. Report comment Reply Miles says: August 27, 2016 at 8:04 am Read this when it first came out, great read. Don’t forget – https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Cuckoo%27s_Egg while we’re talking classics! Report comment Reply Brian Benchoff says: August 26, 2016 at 10:24 am Quick aside: Data General programmers were paid (or assessed) by lines of code written, so every line ended with;; Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 10:43 am Ah yes, the old semicolon counting system of SLOC. Some counting software will still count semis in comments. Report comment Reply Charles Wegrzyn says: August 29, 2016 at 9:52 am Not true. I was on the team developing the system – I designed and implemented the “Ghost”. It was very true that de Castro would approve the salaries of all the engineers on the team. Report comment Reply JIm B says: August 26, 2016 at 10:54 am I read the book when it came out. About five years later (in 1986) I joined a start up company and was in a cubicle about five feet away from the office of Carl Alsing. A few months later I reread the book. I enjoyed the book the first time, but the second time really earned my respect. The way he described Carl really captured a lot about him, giving credibility to everything else in the book. I remember two of the questions he asked me when I interviewed there. Problem 1: you have a disk which is half white, half black, and two photo-transistors. Where is the optimum place to situate the phototransistors to detect as quickly as possible if the disk is rotating clockwise or counter-clockwise, and then design a FSM to generate that information, then implement that fsm using TTL. Problem 2: you have software for an old computer and you need to run the software but you can’t find the computer anywhere. He didn’t say “emulate” but I knew what he was driving at and I said I’d write an emulator. That led to an extended dialog about estimating how long it would take to write, what factor slowdown I’d expect, how would I go about validating the emulator, etc. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:17 pm That’s awesome Jim! Did he have any stories (that you can share) about things that didn’t make it in the book? Report comment Reply JIm B says: August 26, 2016 at 3:43 pm It was 30 years ago, so if he did I have forgotten them. If he did say anything it wasn’t memorable. Report comment Reply Nick Sayer (@nwsayer) says: August 30, 2016 at 1:32 am Problem number 1 reminded me of the Atari Tempest video game. The game had a rotary encoder wheel as one of the main player inputs. It had two phototransistor based sensors arranged for 90° offset square wave output. They connected both to a D flip-flop and the Q output of the flip-flop and one of the sensor outputs were the direction and clock inputs of a hex counter IC. The output of the hex counter was an input into the rest of the system (they actually used four of the inputs of one of the POKEY chips in this case). It turns out that using a D flip-flop for that would cause one cycle of the detector to register the wrong direction when you transitioned from one direction to the other. Atari’s workaround for that was to simply make the rotation sensor far more sensitive than necessary and decimate it in software. The error was thereby simply lost in the noise. Report comment Reply jawnhenry says: August 26, 2016 at 11:36 am ‘The Mythical Man-Month: Essays on Software Engineering’ is a book on software engineering and project management by Fred Brooks, whose central theme is that “adding manpower to a late software project makes it later”. The work was republished in an anniversary edition with four extra chapters in 1995 (ISBN 0-201-83595-9), including a reprint of the essay “No Silver Bullet” with commentary by the author. Report comment Reply starhawk says: August 26, 2016 at 11:46 am “Soul of a New Machine” is one of my all-time favorite books, and the only one of those books that is nonfiction ;) As an aside, if anyone can get me good photos of the Eclipse MV/8000 I’m quite interested… ;) Report comment Reply Alan Franks (@jalasp) says: August 26, 2016 at 12:41 pm My first job out of school was working for the MV languages and tools group in RTP, working on Business BASIC and their PL/I compiler. I don’t ever remember being judged by SLOC or anything like that. Smart folks in RTP…. Many of the ex-FHP folks were still around. I learned a lot during the five years I worked there. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:21 pm FHP could be a whole ‘nother article – I wish I could have included more here! The docs say it would have been twice as fast as MV/8000 in the whetstone benchmark. Lots of interesting architecture in that machine. Report comment Reply Eric says: August 26, 2016 at 12:48 pm “Tracy Kidder’s abilities can’t be understated here.” Yes they can! I’m pretty sure that you meant to say that his abilities can’ t be OVERSTATED. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:24 pm I did mean overstated. Fixed in the text. Thank you for catching that one Eric. Report comment Reply Rory O'Hare says: August 26, 2016 at 2:19 pm This book was on my dad’s shelf at home. I read it several times there. Years later I found a beat up old copy and bought it so I could read it again. I left it in a take-a-book-leave-a-book place and have regretted it ever since. Report comment Reply Anachronda says: August 26, 2016 at 2:19 pm “Starting in 1964 with the Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) PDP-8, minis provided a low-cost means for companies to get a computer.” Ya know, given a name like “PDP-8”, one might suspect that minicomputers started a bit earlier. Like, maybe, with the PDP-5 (same instruction set). Or, perhaps, even the PDP-1. Maybe, just maybe, with Whirlwind. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 2:31 pm They weren’t very mini, or very mass produced. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 3:27 pm ding ding ding! The first 7 were important, but the straight 8 really kicked off the mini revolution. Report comment Reply localroger says: August 26, 2016 at 2:28 pm LIke others here I’m old enough to have read TSOANM when it was a new bestseller. It remains one of the best books about the practice of building computers ever written. Report comment Reply Dan#8582394734 says: August 26, 2016 at 3:10 pm I’d actually forgot that I’d read that book, thanks for reminding me. It is amazing how much memory comes back from a single trigger. I’ll put it in my kid’s Comp. Sci.extended reading list. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 4:36 pm Along with http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/1101290.Dealers_of_Lightning and http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/56829.Hackers natch. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 6:08 pm Oh and insanely great if you must, but you can stop reading halfway through. Report comment Reply Adam Fabio says: August 26, 2016 at 7:07 pm Revolution in the valley – I always liked Andy’s inside view on the Mac story. Report comment Reply fustini says: August 26, 2016 at 4:28 pm I discovered this book about 10 years ago in the library and loved it! It’s quite the coincidence that Adam posted about this, I recently watched a documentary on Amazon Prime streaming about a chip design team which reminded me of “A Soul of a New Machine”: Rise of the Centaur Report comment Reply Cognitive Films says: August 28, 2016 at 9:52 am Here is the link to the documentary on Amazon Prime for those interested: https://www.amazon.com/Rise-Centaur-Glenn-Henry/dp/B01FSZU6FK Report comment Reply PuceBaboon says: August 26, 2016 at 4:36 pm Yup, it was close to compulsory reading when you joined D.G., but it certainly wasn’t a chore. Great book! Report comment Reply Bob Coggeshall (@BobCoggeshall) says: August 26, 2016 at 6:05 pm Worked on DG Eclipse for the Geography Department at SUNY/Buffalo during the early ’80s.. It was sort of a charity gig as there was a PDP-11 in the Particle Physics lab which was my main focus. The Eclipse had its little air-conditioned room and a 300mb ‘washing machine’ mainframe disk drive. I think it had a RamTek frame buffer the display.. At any rate, relative to the DEC PDP, everything was a little foreign. At the end of the day DG was always the B Team. Selling machines for less money. The thing I most remember about is the front panel. They knew they had to had to have an appealing front panel yet, be different from DEC.. And this is what they came up with. I think it is still quite striking. Report comment Reply RW says: August 26, 2016 at 6:07 pm Yah, that’s sexy, I’d wash my clothes in it any day of the week. Report comment Reply wernicke says: August 26, 2016 at 6:49 pm I remember being ‘forced’ to read it 30 years ago in EE school. Still got it here somewhere… I should dig it up and read it again now that I actually have time to enjoy reading. Report comment Reply JS says: August 27, 2016 at 3:24 am I read this book while I was living it. I was a tech with the bigger pay-check. Report comment Reply Jrat says: August 27, 2016 at 3:36 am First read it in Reader’s Digest Finally got my hands on a used copy at the local flea market two years ago. Even the abridged version was totally engrossing and inspiring. Report comment Reply Winston says: August 27, 2016 at 6:43 am Agree with the author. Outstanding book. Do yourself a favor and read it. Report comment Reply matt venn says: August 27, 2016 at 10:52 am I bought it on the strength of this review and am half way through, great book! Thanks Report comment Reply Steven Dufresne says: August 28, 2016 at 6:08 am A great read. It’s been a few years and many books since but what I remember best was the exciting tales of debugging the hardware through the long days and nights. Informative and hard to put down. Report comment Reply captnmike says: August 28, 2016 at 7:48 am I read the book many many years back and highly recommend it to anyone. Very interesting on many levels Report comment Reply garysxt says: August 29, 2016 at 10:40 am I read the book when it came out. Maybe a better description was I lived the book. I was out of college a few years and was working for a small computer company (which was actually mentioned in the book). I did a lot of the stuff covered in the book like working long hours to meet deadlines, lots of wire wrapping and wire wrap changes and even implementing PALs to optimize designs and minimize wiring changes for design fixes. I read the book a couple of times later. Maybe it’s time to get it out again. Recommended. Report comment Reply Greenaum says: August 30, 2016 at 6:44 am Why does seemingly every project ever need so much overtime? I know the rule that everything takes longer to do than you expected, even taking the rule into account, but why don’t they take that into account? Can’t people just start a bit earlier? It’s like Reverse Mr Scott off Star Trek. Working so long and so hard like that isn’t good for you, and actually takes years off people’s lives. There should be no need for it. Report comment Reply nohazmats says: August 29, 2016 at 7:30 pm This book was required reading for my ‘Intro to Digital Design’ class in about 1982. I still have the paperback copy that I bought for that class. It was fascinating and inspired me as a young engineering student. I re-read it several years ago and will probably read it again. Tracy Kidder is an incredible author and I’ve read a number of his other books. Highly recommend him. Report comment Reply jessamyn says: August 31, 2016 at 12:00 pm Oh hey that is my dad! I am the kid who was 11 and went for bike rides in that book. Now I work at the Internet Archive keeping Open Library alive. My dad was an interesting guy, a sort of charismatic hermit who loved to fix things but wasn’t so great with people. Here’s an article I wrote about his house. View story at Medium.com Tracy Kidder was at my dad’s memorial service and one of the things he said about the book was that it had been a very good thing for him (Tracy) but he had never been sure if it had been a good thing for my dad. Fun to read all this stuff here, so many decades later. Report comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Search Search for: Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe If you missed it 33C3: Works for Me 19 Comments Reflow Soldering at Another Level 15 Comments 2016: As The Hardware World Turns 22 Comments The Story of Kickstarting the OpenMV 29 Comments How To Nail A Technical Presentation 46 Comments More from this category CategoriesCategories Select Category 3d Printer hacks Android Hacks Arduino Hacks ARM Ask Hackaday ATtiny Hacks Beer Hacks blackberry hacks Business car hacks Cellphone Hacks chemistry hacks classic hacks clock hacks cnc hacks computer hacks cons contests cooking hacks Crowd Funding Curated Current Events digital audio hacks digital cameras hacks downloads hacks drone hacks Engine Hacks Engineering Fail of the Week Featured Fiction firefox hacks FPGA g1 hacks google hacks gps hacks green hacks Hackaday Columns Hackaday links Hackaday Store Hackerspaces HackIt handhelds hacks hardware History Holiday Hacks home entertainment hacks home hacks how-to Interest internet hacks Interviews iphone hacks ipod hacks Kindle hacks Kinect hacks laptops hacks laser hacks led hacks lifehacks linux hacks lockpicking hacks macs hacks major tom Medical hacks Microcontrollers misc hacks multitouch hacks musical hacks netbook hacks Network Hacks news nintendo ds hacks nintendo gameboy hacks nintendo hacks nintendo wii hacks Nook Hacks Original Art palm pre hacks parts peripherals hacks phone hacks playstation hacks podcasts portable audio hacks portable video hacks psp hacks radio hacks rants Raspberry Pi repair hacks Retrotechtacular reviews robots hacks roundup security hacks Skills slider Software Development software hacks solar hacks tablet pcs hacks teardown Tech Hacks The Hackaday Prize tool hacks toy hacks transportation hacks Uncategorized video hacks Virtual Reality weapons hacks wearable hacks Weekly roundup wireless hacks xbox hacks Our Columns Hackaday Links: The 2017 One 19 Comments Mike Szczys on the State of the Hackaday 70 Comments Fail Of The Week: How I Killed The HiPot Tester 16 Comments Open Source Art Encourages Society to Think Inclusively 56 Comments In Defense Of The Electric Chainsaw 93 Comments More from this category Recent comments localroger on Retrocomputing for $4 with a Z80 metai on OWL Insecure Internet of Energy Monitors reboots on Reflow Soldering at Another Level JIm B on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates ian on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates joe_7 on Atari Now Runs Java, Thankfully Doesn’t Require Constant Updates TheRegnirps on Gravity Simulations With An FPGA Richard Sharp on Run Your Own Numbers Station jessstern on [Geohot]’s Self-Driving Car Cancelled Richard Sharp on Run Your Own Numbers Station Now on Hackaday.io Ted Yapo wrote a reply on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Mark Sherman has updated details to tinygames. Yann Guidon / YGDES wrote a comment on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Matthew Carlson wrote a reply on PiBoy 64. Matthew Carlson has updated the log for PiBoy 64. Dante Kienigiel liked Two Stage Tentacle Mechanism. Mark Sherman has updated the project titled tinygames. Mark VandeWettering has updated the project titled My Half Life Clock. Mark VandeWettering has updated details to My Half Life Clock. Ted Yapo wrote a reply on project log Official Contest Entry Log. Home Blog Hackaday.io Store Hackaday Prize Video Submit a tip About Contact us Never miss a hack Follow on facebook Follow on google+ Follow on twitter Follow on youtube Follow on rss Contact us Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2017 | Hackaday, Hack A Day, and the Skull and Wrenches Logo are Trademarks of Hackaday.com Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time News 2017-01-02 The Real Story Of The Trump Draft Deferment: Did He Dodge The Draft With A Medical Excuse? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Raw’ Results: Goldberg On First-Ever ‘Kevin Owens Show’ & Reigns Vs. Jericho For US Title [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss DualShock 4 Adapter Release Date: Sony Announces Controller Support For PlayStation Now Gaming 6 0 0 August 26, 2016 DualShock 4 Adapter Release Date: Sony Announces Controller Support For PlayStation Now Cal Jeffrey The DualShock 4 adapter for PC and Mac has official release dates scheduled. According to PlayStation LifeStyle, the adapter will be available in Europe on September 15, and U.S. customers will see it hit shelves September 19. GameStop has confirmed the U.S. release date on their order page. The DualShock 4 adapter is a Bluetooth dongle that plugs into a free USB port on Macs and PCs allowing the use of the controller on those systems. Use of the DualShock on computing platforms is nothing new. Since Sony began offering PC and Mac support for Remote Play, the controller has seen significant use on computers. Even before that, third-party applications have been available for years that allow the use of DualShock controllers on computers. However, the functionality has always been somewhat limited. The DualShock 4 PC wireless adapter is up for order on Amazon https://t.co/JMW5xefOiZ pic.twitter.com/IJYIzVTrTR — Destructoid (@destructoid) August 24, 2016 For example, when Remote Play for PCs and Macs first launched, the app had icons on the screen for the PS, Options, and Share buttons because those buttons were not recognized. Since then the app has changed, and those buttons now work through the software, yet the app still has the icons. Another limitation is that unless the computer has Bluetooth and can pair with the DualShock, users must tether to the desktop via USB cable. Bluetooth wireless support for the PlayStation’s controllers has been hit and miss. Reliably using the device on a computer often means giving up the wireless convenience. The release of the DualShock 4 adapter will bring wireless reliability to the desktop. In addition to adding connectivity to computers without Bluetooth, the adapter will support all functions of the controller, so even those who are already using the device wirelessly may want to consider the purchase. Sony unveils PlayStation Now for PC and wireless DualShock 4 USB adapter https://t.co/dl9Xb4iQaH pic.twitter.com/26qPVb0ZKG — TechCrunch (@TechCrunch) August 24, 2016 According to the Verge, “Sony says the dongle opens up full access to ‘buttons, analog sticks, touch pad, light bar, motion sensors, vibration, and stereo headset jack’ — so long as those features are all supported by whatever game application you’re using. Now the controller’s full capabilities will be unlocked.” While the Verge compliments Sony for “being more active across platforms,” the company certainly has motives other than eliminating the need for third-party support for the controller. It is more likely that Sony is offering this support in order to boost another product that it offers. The Netflix-like service PlayStation Now currently offers streaming PS3 games to PS4 users. However, Sony is opening the subscription service to the PC platform. PlayStation LifeStyle reports that PlayStation Now has already begun service in the UK, Belgium, and the Netherlands. While the company has not announced a U.S. release date yet, it is not unreasonable to assume that the service will be offered within the next couple of weeks. After all, the release date of the adapter in Europe and the United States is only four days apart. PlayStation Now heads to PC today; DualShock 4 Wireless Adapter launching next month https://t.co/UgnfMPVNUi pic.twitter.com/KjoQsqnQkM — VideoGamer.com (@VideoGamerCom) August 24, 2016 When PlayStation Now for PC goes live in the U.S., users will have access to over 400 PS3 games that they can stream directly to their PC. When it first launched, PlayStation Now was a rental service with rates between $1.99 to $14.99 for a 90-day rental. Due to user demand, the service is now subscription-based with a one-month subscription costing $19.99 and a quarterly rate of $44.99, according to the PlayStation Blog. Sony also offers a seven-day free trial subscription for those who wish to try it before committing. The seven-day trail is a good idea to be certain that the device you would like to use is compatible with the service. According to Wired, the PS Now requires the following. Windows 7 (SP1), 8.1 or 10 3.5GHz Intel Core i3 or 3.8GHz AMD A10 processor (minimum) 2GB RAM 300MB storage space to install the client A broadband connection with at least 5Mbps throughput PlayStation Now : les jeux PS3 bientôt jouables sur PC https://t.co/Qj39AICfcg pic.twitter.com/IRi2YIx2mJ — Les Numériques (@lesnums) August 16, 2016 Wired also notes that while the DualShock 4 adapter will be compatible with Apple computers, the PlayStation Now service is only going to be available on the Windows platform. Remote Play is still an option for Mac, but would not be an ideal workaround to get PS Now to work on a Mac. The burden of streaming a game to the PS4 on top of streaming the PS4 content to the Mac would likely be too much to bear for most internet connections. The DualShock 4 is a good, all-around controller that is comfortable to use. Whether you are planning on getting a PlayStation Now subscription or not, the DualShock 4 adapter may be something to look into if you are in the market for a PC controller. You can pick one up on September 19 from most retailers for $24.99. You may also pre-order one from GameStop and have it shipped to you on that date, or you may opt to pick it up at the closest GameStop location. As for PlayStation Now for PC, no release date is set for U.S. availability. However, look for it to be coming very soon, perhaps before the end of August. [Photo by Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Cal Jeffrey Tags: dualshock 4, playstation, release date, sony December 30, 2016 Dakota Johnson Shoots Uncomfortable Sex Scenes With Jamie Dornan In ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ December 30, 2016 Nina Dobrev Returns In ‘Vampire Diaries,’ Confirms Ian Somerhalder View full timeline 1 day ago January 2017 Free Games For Xbox Live Gold & PlayStation Plus Members 7 days ago Britney Spears Death Hoax: Pop Star Reacts To Sony Twitter Hack, OurMine Denies Posting Death Tweet Comments LATEST HEADLINES Death By Selfie: Indian Student Killed In Front Of Oncoming Train, ‘Killfies’ Skyrocket Worldwide Jinger Duggar Baby Rumors Swirl, No Official Announcement Made Yet Waffle House Waitress Loses Job After Firing Warning Shot In The Air During Robbery ‘Missing Nine’ Upcoming K-Drama Premier: MBC To Run Special Episode 6 Days Before Melodramatic Series Airs [Video] Victoria’s Secret Model Bridget Malcolm Poses Nearly Nude For ‘Playboy’ ‘Reality Steve’ Wrong About ‘Bachelor’ Nick Viall’s Final Pick? Who Really Gets Nick’s Final Rose? Jon Gosselin Spends New Year’s Eve With Half His Kids: What Did They Do? ‘The Affair’ Season 3 On Showtime Recap, Which Character Is The Most Messed Up? [Spoilers] Mick Jagger’s Daughter Georgia May Stars In Seductive Bonus Day Of ‘Love’ Magazine’s Advent Calendar Camila Cabello Gets The Last Laugh As She Thanks 2016 Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34.1k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.3k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.4k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
