Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Samsung's AI Strategy Poses Problems For Google Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 11, 2016 9:27am   Comments Share: Related AAPL The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks Why You Should Watch Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, Disney, Nordstrom (Investor's Business Daily) Related GOOG 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear Rising Rates Put Equities At Risk (Seeking Alpha) According to Bloomberg, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s ultimate end plan likely consists of embedding its artificially intelligent assistant inside every smartphone, watch, car and any other connected device. Alphabet's Google unit already released a new smartphone that features its artificially intelligent assistant along with a speaker with the feature at its core. The company also plans on allowing other companies to embed their own apps and services with its intelligent assistant. Samsung, Viv And The AI Race Google's seemingly unlimited resources and expertise will now be challenged by SAMSUNG ELECTRONIC KRW5000 (OTC: SSNLF), which recently acquired Viv Labs, a next-generation artificial intelligence platform. As noted by Bloomberg, Samsung acquiring Viv is "more of a problem for Google" than it is for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL, given the fact that Samsung happens to be the largest maker of smartphones running on Google's Android mobile operating system. Related Link: iPhone Lovers Rejoice: Samsung Will No Longer Manufacture The Galaxy Note 7 Google's strategy moving forward will likely place a greater emphasis on its assistant, because its a "more natural way for people to interact with smartphones and other connected devices." As such, the company wants its assistant to be embedded in hundreds of millions of smartphones across the world but Samsung's acquisition of Viv may suggest it could stand in Google's way. Samsung already said it will include Viv's technology in its smartphones as soon as next year, and after that, the technology will be embedded in other electronics and home appliances. "As AI is becoming more sophisticated and valuable to the consumer, there's no question it will be important for hardware companies," Bloomberg quoted Kirt McMaster, the executive chairman of Cyanogen Inc., a startup that makes Android software as saying. "If you don't have an AI asset, you're not going to have a brain." Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: artificial intelligence Google Google Artificial Intelligence Google HardwareTop Stories Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + GOOG) 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear YouTube's CEO On Why The Video Platform Isn't A Standalone Company The Most Popular U.S. Brands In China Here's What Some Top CEOs Are Saying About President-Elect Donald Trump Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 GLD, NUGT: Gold Is Tumbling On Expectations Of Rising Interest Rates, Lowest Level... 2 CNC, SPWR: 7 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 3 TWX, DISCA: Bob Iger Hinted At Disney's Next M&A Move A... 4 MSFT, GOOG: Trip Chowdhry's Top 4 Stock Picks 5 NVDA, TSLA: NVIDIA's Blowout Quarter He... 6 GRUB: GrubHub CEO Defends Email To... 7 APHQF, DCT: Marijuana Legaliza... 1 YELP, SSTK: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 TWX, FOXA: The Simpsons And 7 Great TV Shows That Went On For Too Long 3 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 4 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 5 FOX, SNE: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 GOOG, GOOGL: YouTube's CEO On Why The Video... 7 APHQF, DCT: Marijuana Legalization An... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Benzinga's Top Initiations A Quality Connection With This ETF
News AR / VR Awesome Earth & Energy Enhanced Humans Hard Science Industrial Rev 2.0 Moonshots Network Society Off World Robot Intelligence Infographics Daily Infographics This Week in Science Facts & Quotes Videos Sign In Robot Intelligence Elon Musk’s OpenAI is Using Reddit to Teach An Artificial Intelligence How to Speak Getty Images In Brief NVIDIA has delivered the first DGX-1 supercomputer to non-profit artificial intelligence research company OpenAI. The supercomputer has a whopping 170 teraflops of computing power—equivalent to 250 conventional servers. Only The Best for the Best Elon Musk’s artificial intelligence (AI) company OpenAI just received a package that took $2 billion to develop: NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang just delivered the first DGX-1 supercomputer to the non-profit organization, which is dedicated to “advance digital intelligence in the way that is most likely to benefit humanity as a whole, unconstrained by a need to generate financial return.” Jen-Hsun Huang with Elon Musk, and the DGX-1. NVIDIA. The “AI supercomputer in a box” is packed with 170 teraflops of computing power—that’s equivalent to 250 conventional servers. NVIDIA says it’s a very fitting match: “The world’s leading non-profit artificial intelligence research team needs the world’s fastest AI system.” “I thought it was incredibly appropriate that the world’s first supercomputer dedicated to artificial intelligence would go to the laboratory that was dedicated to open artificial intelligence,” Huang added. Reddit-training The supercomputer will tackle the most difficult challenges facing the artificial intelligence industy…by reading through Reddit forums. And apparently, Reddit’s size was not a hindrance. In fact, the site’s size is the main reason why the online community was specifically chosen as DGX-1’s training ground. “Deep learning is a very special class of models because as you scale up, they always work better,” says OpenAI researcher Andrej Karpathy.  The nearly two billion Reddit comments will be processed by DGX-1 in months instead of years, as the $129,000 desktop-sized box contains eight NVIDIA Tesla P100 GPUs (graphic processing units), 7 terabytes of SSD storage, and two Xeon processors, apart from the aforementioned 170 teraflops of performance. DGX-1 will take on Reddit to learn faster and to chat more accurately. “You can take a large amount of data that would help people talk to each other on the internet, and you can train, basically, a chatbot, but you can do it in a way that the computer learns how language works and how people interact,” Karpathy said. The supercomputer is also equipped to make things easier from the developers at OpenAI. “We won’t need to write any new code, we’ll take our existing code and we’ll just increase the size of the model,” says OpenAI scientist Ilya Sutskever. “And we’ll get much better results than we have right now.” References: Engadget Written By Author Cecille De Jesus Editor Patrick Caughill August 17, 2016 Share This Tweet This Email This Share Written By Author Cecille De Jesus Editor Patrick Caughill August 17, 2016 #artificial intelligence research#dgx-1#NVIDIA#OpenAI Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox! Daily Weekly Subscribe Related Articles The Universe is Far Bigger Than We Thought, and It Has 10x More Galaxies The Accelerated Expansion of the Universe is Not As Sound As We Think, Physicists Say Orange Is the New Raspberry? Welcome to the Age of the $20 Quad-Core Computer Over 165,000 people subscribe to our newsletter. See stories of the future in your inbox each morning. Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox! Daily Weekly Subscribe Our mission is to empower our readers and drive the development of transformative technologies towards maximizing human potential About FAQ DMCA Policy Privacy Policy Themes Copyright © 2016, Futurism, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us × Sign in to join the conversation. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter We only grab your name + photo and will never post as you. Subscribe Like us on Facebook × Get your Daily Dose of the Future Get mind-blowing news & videos delivered right to your inbox! Subscribe Close
close wbur The ARTery About Archive Facebook Twitter Play Listen Live Explore Audio Schedule Programs + Sections Search Support Events About WBUR Contact Us On Point Here & Now Radio Boston Only A Game Modern Love CommonHealth Cognoscenti The ARTery Live: BBC NewsdayPlay 15sRepeatPlay15sForward /00:00Playing Live Close BBC Newsday Value this story? Donate wbur The ARTery Donate Search Menu Support the news   Thomas Gibbons' 'Uncanny Valley' Mines The Gap Between Humans And Artificial Intelligence October 11, 2016 By Kilian Melloy Share closemore Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian, an android. (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) What is identity? What is self-aware intelligence? Can human consciousness be replicated or fabricated by science? Stoneham Theatre’s production of Thomas Gibbons’  “Uncanny Valley” dips into these questions. The play, which continues through Oct. 23, is a timely offering for those whose interest in artificial intelligence was piqued by another recent production on a Boston-area stage. Many of the themes explored in “Uncanny Valley” are similar to those explored in The Nora Theatre Company’s production of “Marjorie Prime,” which has just completed its run at the Central Square Theater in Cambridge. And just like “Marjorie Prime,” this play didn’t quite seem to close a dramatic circuit around the idea of self-aware machines. “Uncanny Valley” fails to close the gap between the intrigue of core questions about human (artificial or otherwise) identity and tangible insights regarding those questions. The genre is an evergreen source for a particularly philosophical stripe of speculative fiction, but in “Uncanny Valley,” there’s no great innovation — just rote retooling. Nancy Carroll stars as Claire, a pioneer in the field of artificial consciousness, who is essentially tutoring Julian (Lewis D. Wheeler) — an android — in human social customs and answering (or evading) his childlike questions: “Why is my hair brown?” “Are we friends?” Claire is close to retirement age; her husband Howard is already retired. They have a grown daughter from whom they are estranged. Concepts of human development are meaningless when it comes to Julian, but even so, it’s obvious from the start that Julian is, to some extent, a surrogate child for Claire. Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian. (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) It’s also obvious (or so we in the audience think) that Julian really and truly is a sentient being, despite the fact that — thanks to some clever staging — we see him being built right in front of our eyes. He starts as a head mounted on a pair of barely-there shoulders. By stages, he then gains the rest of what looks like a fully intact, functional human body: Torso, right arm, left arm and finally legs. Wheeler puts just the right spin on Julian’s curiosity and delight at each new acquisition, combining a child’s sense of discovery with the capacity for comprehension of a fully developed adult. In Wheeler’s hands, and under the direction of Weylin Symes, Julian’s is a satisfyingly complete journey — from a clichéd flat and mechanical voice in the first scene to the presentation of an all-but-human character toward the play’s end. Julian is a virtual man capable of ambition and manipulation, but he also struggles to reconcile impulses as disparate as an alpha male’s desire to control a situation with a tenderly human wish to offer kindness. Even as Wheeler’s character is being built limb by limb and layer by layer, Carroll’s is being revealed data point by data point. Eventually, we come to know more about the nature of her work, and her employer; we also see the conflicts between her professional and personal sides with ever-greater clarity. Both Wheeler and Carroll had small roles in major Hollywood productions last year (a fleeting scene in “Black Mass” for Wheeler and a slightly more substantial role for Carroll in “Spotlight”), but it’s their work on Boston-area stages that constantly reminds audiences to cherish them and hope, selfishly, that the movies don’t ever take them from us. Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian in Stoneham Theatre's "Uncanny Valley." (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) Speaking of the movies, the subject of artificial intelligence has been on the minds of filmmakers lately, from 2015’s hyper-literate and coolly mysterious “Ex Machina” to the recent box office flop “Morgan,” which came and went more quickly than IBM’s Watson can win a round of “Jeopardy!” It’s part of a recurring zeitgeist: Since the days of Fritz Lang’s “Metropolis,” the question of machine intelligence has emerged at regular intervals, in much the same way as other storytelling trends like vampires, zombies and alien invasions. It’s perhaps no surprise that the topic would resurface in a social political climate like the one we see now, where compromise is rare and skepticism about the other guy’s essential humanity is endemic. Those resonances aren’t overt in the play’s dialogue, but they seem ever present, from references to social and political events taking place outside the research lab’s confines, to Wheeler and Carroll’s finely attuned performances, to Crystal Tiala’s set design for the facility itself, which looks like a cross between a gracious penthouse apartment and a high-tech cleanroom. But if the richness Carroll and Wheeler bring to their roles succeeds in its sheer humanity, the play’s central idea is left under-addressed. Presumably, stories about artificial intelligence given the shape of the human organism are meant to address the human, rather than the android, condition. After all, wouldn’t the more realistic outcome be machine life taking exception to being limited to human-scale capacities, rather than being content with the “gift” of human attributes? But even here, the play — while sympathetic — doesn’t grasp, or really reach for, anything exceptional, settling instead for the usual palette of fuzzy (and humanistic) inquiries. What constitutes life? What assurance can we ever have to convince us that an artificial intelligence is, despite its human-made origin, anything more than a series of predetermined calculations? Is our concept of consciousness the only valid one? Indeed, what do we have other than blind faith that others — or we ourselves — are “conscious” in any objectively verifiable way? These are dramatically rich questions, but they don’t get the kind of play here we might lie to see. Nancy Carroll as Claire and Lewis Wheeler as Julian. (Courtesy Nile Hawver/Nile Scott Shots) Even when “Uncanny Valley” tackles those thorny philosophical conundrums, it’s with too little energy or insight. There’s little here you haven’t seen before if you’ve ever watched, say, “Star Trek: The Next Generation” and the struggles of that program’s android, Data, to incorporate greater humanity into his programming (and, on occasion, his efforts to overcome prejudice and be accorded the rights and status of a genuine life form). Going back even further, “Uncanny Valley” bears some resemblance to various segments of the classic “The Twilight Zone” series, narrative DNA that’s neither disguised nor much enhanced by the light sprinkling of technobabble Gibbons tosses in. The term “uncanny valley” itself refers to a paradoxical result of highly humanoid machines: The closer an android resembles a human being, the more creepy its not-quite-human elements seem to flesh and blood people. This is a real phenomenon, and it’s interesting, but Gibbons doesn’t do enough to develop the concept, and he doesn’t locate it centrally enough in the play to justify using the phrase as the play’s title. Give “Uncanny Valley” major points for the talents of its two stars and the quality of its design work, but it doesn’t quite pass the theatergoer’s version of the Turing test. Related: I Forgot To Remember To Forget -- Nora Theatre's 'Marjorie Prime' Explores Memory And Self Stoneham Theatre Noir: ‘Laura,’ You Used To Be More Fun Big And Small, Loud And Soft, 'Lobster Girl' And 'Carousel' Seek Alternate Ways To Musical Bliss Kilian Melloy Contributor, The ARTery Kilian Melloy is a contributor to WBUR's The ARTery. More… +Join the discussion Share View comment(s) Support the news   Next Up Where to now? More The ARTery or Explore Audio. © Copyright WBUR 2016 Connect with WBUR
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The AI that brought The Beatles and Cole Porter back to life: Listen to Sony's software it says can create new songs in the style of any artist Sony taught an AI to compose music by feeding it 13,000 music samples A human instructed it to create a sound similar to certain bands or singers Benoît Carré arranged the songs and wrote the lyrics for both tracks Sony plans to release an album with music made from AI next year  By Stacy Liberatore For Dailymail.com Published: 17:50 EST, 10 October 2016 | Updated: 17:50 EST, 10 October 2016 e-mail 28 shares 7 View comments It may sound like a lost track from The Beatles, but the catchy pop song, ‘Daddy’s Car’, was composed by artificial intelligence (AI). The tune was created by Flow Machines, a system Sony taught to make music by feeding it 13,000 samples from different genres. Although the software is capable of creating the lead sheet, a human composer instructed it to produce a record in the style of The Beatles and wrote the lyrics. Scroll down for videos  It may sound like a lost track from The Beatles, but the catchy pop song, ‘Daddy’s Car’, was composed by artificial intelligence (AI). The whimsical tune was created by Flow Machines, a system Sony taught to make music by feeding it 13,000 samples THE MUSIC MAKING AI  Sony has taught its AI, Flow Machines, how to compose music. The team fed the system 13,000 music samples from different genres.  Benoît Carré, the human composer, was asked to arrange the entire song, which he began by selecting a style and then created the melody and harmony with a system called FlowComposer.  Once the tune was set, Carré used another system called Rechord to match some audio chunks from audio recordings of other songs to the generated lead sheets. Then he finished the production and mixing of both songs. Another song was also composed by the AI called ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’, which is a mashup of American songwriters such as Irving Berlin, Duke Ellington, George Gershwin and Cole Porter. ‘At SONY CSL Research Laboratory, we have created two entire pop songs composed with Artificial Intelligence, thanks to Flow Machines,’ shares SONY CSL Researcher Laboratory in a statement. ‘Flow Machines software learns music styles from a huge database of songs.'  'Then, exploiting unique combinations of style transfer, optimization and interaction techniques, it can compose in any style.’ The parts written by Flow Machines is deemed the ‘lead sheet’, which defines the song’s tune. Benoît Carré, the human composer, was asked to arrange the entire song, which he began by selecting a style and then created the melody and harmony with a system called FlowComposer. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Would YOU resurrect your dead friend as an AI? Try out... Can Facebook replace your work email? Workplace version of... How the one per cent lived 2,000 years ago: 3D video tour... Mice sing like a JET ENGINE to find a mate: Ultrasonic love... Share this article Share 28 shares Once the tune was set, Carré used another system called Rechord to match some audio chunks from audio recordings of other songs to the generated lead sheets. Then he finished the production and mixing of both songs. Sony says ‘Daddy’s Car’ and ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’ are just the beginning and expected to release a full AI-written album sometime next year. The final music videos for each song uses a serious of computer generated shapes and colours that move along with the melody. The parts written by Flow Machines is deemed the ‘lead sheet’. Benoît Carré, the human composer, was asked to arrange the entire song, which he began by selecting a style and then created the melody and harmony with a system called FlowComposer Researchers are teaching AI different art forms, such as writing poetry and screenplays, as one recently wrote a unique script that was transformed into a short film. In June, Sunspring debuted a short film is barely nine minutes long and is strangely captivating as it gravitates between dark and cryptic to outright hilarious, and written by an AI named Benjamin. Once the tune was set, Carré used another system called Rechord to match some audio chunks from audio recordings of other songs to the generated lead sheets. Then he finished the production and mixing of both songs Another song was also composed by the AI called ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’, which is a mashup of American songwriters such as Irving Berlin, Duke Ellington, George Gershwin and Cole Porter (pictured) To produce the film, director Oscar Sharp and collaborator Ross Goodwin, an NYU AI researcher, fed dozens of scripts to a long short-term memory (LSTM) recurrent neural network that has named itself Benjamin.  Benjamin's training included everything from 2001: A Space Odyssey and Blade Runner to Eight Legged Freaks, and even Silver Linings Playbook. Then, they gave it a set of prompts from the film challenge to guide the story. Sony says ‘Daddy’s Car’ and ‘The Ballad of Mr. Shadow’ are just the beginning and expected to release a full AI-written album sometime next year. The final music videos for each song uses a serious of computer generated shapes and colours that move along with the melody During its training, Benjamin (originally named Jetson) learned to predict which letters tend to follow each other, and then which words and phrases were often seen together, Ars Technica explains. This type of AI is better than others at predicting entire paragraphs, rather than just a few words, and can generate original sentences. Eventually, Benjamin learned how to imitate the structure of a screenplay, including stage directions.  Watch this on The Scene. Read more: Movie written by algorithm turns out to be hilarious and intense | Ars Technica AI makes pop music in different music styles Share or comment on this article e-mail 28 shares Most watched News videos SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Havelock resident shocked as he films earthquake hitting NZ Trump supporter spews ignorant racist rant at young woman Adorable boxer dog jumps far better than the John Lewis dog Michael Moore tries to meet with Trump at Trump Tower Mother kicks her young child out for voting Trump in school Clinton makes final appearance at campaign headquarters Nigel Farage avoids questions as he enters Trump Tower Dogs leaping through grass like antelope will cheer you up Bodybuilder with '0% body fat' flexes her muscles in the gym Road rage incident turns personal as drivers insult each other Terryfing video of ground shaking as earthquake hits Christchurch Trump says he will 'immediately' deport two to three million... FBI 'ran 23 child pornography sites in a bid to lure and... 'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon... Hillary's last hurrah: Clinton greets her campaign staff one... 'Kill the police!' Anti-Trump protesters chant death threats... So much for restraint! Trump launches a Twitter rant at the... 'What the f**? Oprah?!' Outraged celebrities turn on Winfrey... From a modest home built by her father to the future First... Destructive tsunami waves hit New Zealand's South Island... Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business... 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave... 'Oh my God, I think America is racist!' Dave Chappelle is... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read World's tallest tropical tree is found in Borneo - and it's as tall as THREE blue whales stacked end to end  A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in... Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion... Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife... Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are... How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the... How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications The astonishing claims over the final resting place of Jesus: Why Japan, India and Glastonbury have all been... How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to... UN climate talks dominated by fears Donald Trump will derail $100 billion plan launched by Hillary Clinton... Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Is this part of a secret spy satellite? Mysterious chunk of 'Chinese' space debris crash lands in Myanmar Now that's a bright idea! Street lights powered by FOOTSTEPS make their world debut in Las Vegas  Girls respond worse to stress than boys because a region of their brain shrinks - and experts say it could... MORE HEADLINES A doorway to another world? Alien hunters say they have found a 'monolith' or 'entrance' on Mercury in latest bizarre claim From a face-planting fox to a bear getting bested by a salmon: Winners of the 2016 Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards revealed How well do YOU know your emoji? Researchers find just one in five of us are experts - and you can take the test to find out if you're one of them The ultimate guide to the biggest supermoon in living memory: MailOnline reveals how to watch the stunning spectacle on Monday How slimeballs slither: Watch the bizarre 'slimelapse' that reveals gelatinous molds creeping for food  How we spot snakes quickest: Humans are 'wired' to recognise the reptiles over less dangerous animals How to stop YOUR email ending up on WikiLeaks: The five steps that can secure your communications Could TRITIUM hold the key to unlimited energy? Government to test radioactive material in radical fusion reactor Russia unveils killer robots that can seek and shoot humans from more than FOUR miles away Medieval GIANTESS is found in a Polish cemetery: 7ft 2in woman had a traumatic life full of disease and injury Were YOU killed off by Facebook? 'Terrible error' memorializes user's accounts and tells friends they are dead - and even Mark Zuckerberg was hit Top secret X-37B military spaceplane could be turned into a lifesaving 'astronaut ambulance' Meet Bear-yoncé! Dancing bear twerks it out in hilarious trailer for hit BBC series Planet Earth II How Donald Trump tweeted himself into the White House: Academics say uncensored tweets were key to persuading voters  Move over James Bond: World's first commercially available jetpack is now on sale to 'well qualified buyers' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service 'He wants to make America great again... and chicken fingers': The Daily Show jokes Trump's speechwriter could easily be a kid Sponsored Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Booty-ful day at the beach! RHOM star Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40 million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Surely this confirms it! Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York Worst kept couple secret Silicon Valley stars tweet about narrowly avoiding fight with two aggressive Trump voters who confronted them in an LA bar after trolling them online  Doctor Strange smashes U.S. box office records for a second weekend to hit $153m Big-budget blockbuster raked in $43 million over the U.S. Veteran's Day  From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the popular British  soap  From Donald Trump to Kanye West: Rise of 'manterrupters' sees men talking over women in the workplace... so just how do you stop it? Newest office scourge  Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after shooting down onset romance rumours with Brad Pitt 'I eat pasta a lot!' Amy Schumer posts selfies showing her curves in skintight mini dress as she recovers from illness Flaunted her figure  'If you want to win him back, play the game!' James Packer's ex fiancée Kate Fischer vows to help Mariah Carey save her relationship Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  Still Alice star looked to be in good spirits He's suited for the job! Nate Berkus wears a tuxedo while vacuuming up glass after his daughter 'shattered a coffee table' before heading to gala 'I wish them dead': John Cleese makes a shocking remark about his ex-wives and calls children 'the cause of most of the misery in the world' 'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World Took her two-year-old daughter and seven-month-old son  Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' 'Insanely excited!' Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump This will be the first child for the 37-year-old artist 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Emotional moment  'No one wants to see a bride with rolls': Women reveal the most INSULTING things people ever said to them while they tried on wedding dresses Ruby Rose and The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso cuddle up to one another in BED while dressed in lace lingerie... days after saying they are an item In the pink! Nicole Scherzinger flaunts svelte frame in striped co-ord as she leaves the British X Factor relieved after act Ryan Lawrie survives deadlock Queen star Brian May can't stand noisy leaf-blowers - but hideous rock music is far worse, writes DOMINIC LAWSON  Lesser of two evils? 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot Courteney Cox bonds with her mini-me daughter Coco Arquette, 12, as they enjoy girls' lunch in LA Looked the spitting image of her mother  Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Operation Save The King, or how three real-life surgeons recreated the day the Palace was turned into an operating theater for Netflix's The Crown Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Head-turning number If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants manage her son Cruz's pop career' David is worried she is already too busy All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  The couple looked great  How To Lose A Guy reunion! Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl She's three days old Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower Larsa Pippen shows off her figure in a lace up bathing suit while poolside with a mystery man in Miami...weeks after split from husband Scottie JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest installment of the Potter franchise  Also has plenty to say about racial prejudice Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey Was a showstopper in Los Angeles  Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for another event 'I haven't seen white people this furious since OJ': Dave Chappelle mocks the hysterical reaction to Trump's win in biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL  Eye of the tiger, face of an angel: Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'Just a "normal" Saturday night': Aussie hunk Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Cosying up at the fight Oh baby! Natalie Portman puts her own chic spin on maternity wear in a stylish silk dress Is expecting her second child What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Joined the growing craze Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity On stage in NYC  Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Celebrities turn against Oprah after she expresses 'hope' about Trump's presidency Tweeted 'Everybody take a deep breath! Hope lives' Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a sweater will still set you back $2,199 and a T-shirt $200 Rapper and fashion designer Model Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring off-shoulder dress with thigh-high slit... while Elizabeth Hurley goes for similar sexy look  Meet the face (and derriere) of a global bikini business empire - and it all started when she got fired from a surf shop and borrowed money from her dad 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool Apple never falls far  Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local  Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Purple power! How drinking beetroot juice can make you run faster, help the elderly climb the stairs - and give competitors an advantage in sports Country rock legend Leon Russell dies in his sleep aged 74 months after heart surgery Was in Nashville, Tennessee his wife has revealed The ultimate guide to anti-ageing: From reducing wrinkles, zapping sun damage or toning your skin, you can make it look younger with no nipping From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops in LA as she strains under a heavy load In Beverly Hills  Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers actress flashed her body Fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger admits he has 50 of the SAME outfit and doesn't wear the preppy sportswear from his own brand   Dressed in smart suits  Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Arrived statuesque and Golden  The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals More vacation antics  Resurrected! Dave Chappelle plays Negan in Walking Dead skit while hosting SNL... as well as a half dozen of his most famous characters Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Bella Thorne, 19,  is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Rocked two outfits  'I'm not giving up and neither should you': Kate McKinnon chokes up as she foregoes comedy and performs rendition of late Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah on SNL EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot Turned heads with her racy poses  Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor showed off his biceps Bear Grylls backs down on his plans to build 25 beach huts at a Welsh beauty spot after angering locals Was in retreat about plans for 25 beach huts From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on chat show On British television  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on lifelong fatherhood aspirations He always wanted a baby Just Jane, for now: Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split 'I was a bit of a bastard': Rock and roll legend Phil Collins ADMITS to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' It's fash-cone, darling! Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat as she steps out in chilly NYC Wrapped up warm against the weather  Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Had arrived from London Blac Chyna's mom Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive... after second grandchild is born A very generous side Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA  Crossed paths! Andrew Garfield and runs into ex-girlfriend Emma Stone at Variety Studio Actors on Actors event in LA  Was it awkward? People wanted to kill me, says Harry's girl: Meghan talks to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and her most embarrassing TV moment to date  The Firm out in force: Kate and the Queen bring out their princes for a star-studded Festival of Remembrance at the Albert Hall  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot The security specialist Fired Billy Bush eyes up a comeback 'to run Hollywood coverage on Trump campaign CEO's Breitbart website' following election win Disgraced host  Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London   Was speculation she would meet family Where's Meghan? Harry cheers on England at Twickenham but there's no sign of his new girlfriend (and he is sitting next to Princess Charlene of Monaco)  Happyness pursued: Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his day hard at work  Photograph that Taylor Swift claims is evidence that radio DJ 'reached under her skirt and groped her' is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Is on board of charity  In the navy! Jennifer Garner, 44, is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of star-studded  Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Wowed on arrival Calling the shots! Katie Holmes, 37, puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival Showed off her movie 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet The baby already has an Instagram account  Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital Seen in LA EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  She is 37 From a modest home  to the future First Lady: Melania Trump is the daughter of a car parts salesman - but she always dreamed of a jet set lifestyle  Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  A royal plea She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online She addressed the criticism  Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time Over the moon at family's new addition  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey Singer had broken down in his home state  Former Today show host Billy Bush is 'being courted by Breitbart to run their Hollywood coverage following Trump's victory' Comeback? Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle Died at her home in California  Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York All bundled up for a day in the city  'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber Quality family time  Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Partnered with Natalie Portman for event What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Hilary Duff showcased her killer abs  Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in Los Angeles  Her due date is getting close  Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Grey's Anatomy alum Katherine Heigl, 37, shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Fox news anchor under fire for a pro-Trump Facebook post that slammed Obama for making 'the entire country hate one another' Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack  It's Sgt Pepper's lost stars club band: Inspired by the iconic Beatles album cover, a touching tribute to list of celebrities who have died in 2016  'Bottoms up': Australian model Annabella Barber posts Kardashian inspired belfie... as model strips down to her pants for raunchy TOPLESS photo Film-maker Michael Moore calls on Donald Trump to STEP DOWN as President-elect - before joining thousands of protesters in the streets  She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror  Ripped female bodybuilder with an incredible 'ZERO per cent' body fat shows off her trim physique but sparks debate over whether she's healthy 'You can never be too careful with your safety':  Delta Goodrem reveals her stalker fear after she went to EXTREME lengths to lose a following vehicle Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood on Friday night 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Almost Famous star  Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon Married couple took in the scenery  Red hot! Australia The Bachelor's Rachael Gouvignon sets pulses racing in teeny bikini... as busty star goes for a swim after a run along the beach   REVIEW: Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Hotly anticipated  'I feel like I did after 9/11': Robert De Niro shares his anger following Trump's victory  He previously said  Trump is 'a punk' Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays her toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves the gym in LA The 21-year-old in-demand model  'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over two-year-old daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Already has a catwalk bug  Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event The 41-year-old redhead tried out a new look alongside co-stars  Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee donned Nike trainers Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose 'A little fishing with my guy' Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip On vacation  Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  A political twist  Help is on the way! Supergirl, The Flash, and Arrow unite for the biggest crossover event in CW superhero history It's in an epic four-day event Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The 30-year-old former O.C. star was unmissable  Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars The 43-year-old actress was beaming Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Working hard to make a name for herself  Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Jamie Oliver continued his pride in sweet snap Showstopper! Mariah Carey sizzles in sexy skin tight jumpsuit and animal print heels for night on the town The 46-year-old was in Los Angeles  Trump gets the last laugh: Alec Baldwin WON'T play The Donald on this week's SNL - and could ditch the part forever Won't reprise role  'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Her own demonstration Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil The First Lady freezes in time as LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers take on Mannequin Challenge during visit to the White House and get Michelle Obama to strike a pose Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned $13MILLION in one year' through endorsement deals Big bucks Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Showed off their understated style in NYC 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee The Young Mummy blogger says that in spite of the stretch marks, the excruciating pain and the migraines, she feels 'on top of the world' while expecting 'I am for reals sick': Amy Schumer postpones Baltimore show after 'heartbreaking' Clinton defeat Will return at later date   Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles The two-time Academy Award nominee  Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian 'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip The F1 champ Their romance is developing at an astonishing pace, and now Prince Harry's love is in London... is this the weekend Meghan is welcomed into the heart of the Royal family?  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards in Cannes Sharp suit  Shameless star Steve Howey 'berated Muslim nanny when she prayed in his home while his wife made her look at penis pics of A-list actor she was having an affair with', claims lawsuit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Can someone actually stop the motormouth? Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical The final curtain for the 'Godfather of gloom': Footage surfaces of Leonard Cohen's last EVER performance in New Zealand almost three years ago 'Never too late for a late post': Khloe Kardashian robs boyfriend Tristan Thompson's camouflage jacket to pose on Veteran's Day From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Trump gives wide-ranging first TV interview as President-elect and opens up on abortion, same-sex marriage, Obamacare and tells divided America: 'Don't be afraid'  605 comments 4 videos SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai The Spooky Secret Behind Artificial Intelligence's Incredible Power Tia Ghose Senior Writer LiveScience.comOctober 10, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share The Spooky Secret Behind Artificial Intelligence's Incredible PowerMore Spookily powerful artificial intelligence (AI) systems may work so well because their structure exploits the fundamental laws of the universe, new research suggests. The new findings may help answer a longstanding mystery about a class of artificial intelligence that employ a strategy called deep learning. These deep learning or deep neural network programs, as they're called, are algorithms that have many layers in which lower-level calculations feed into higher ones. Deep neural networks often perform astonishingly well at solving problems as complex as beating the world's best player of the strategy board game Go or classifying cat photos, yet know one fully understood why. It turns out, one reason may be that they are tapping into the very special properties of the physical world, said Max Tegmark, a physicist at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and a co-author of the new research. The laws of physics only present this "very special class of problems" — the problems that AI shines at solving, Tegmark told Live Science. "This tiny fraction of the problems that physics makes us care about and the tiny fraction of problems that neural networks can solve are more or less the same," he said. [Super-Intelligent Machines: 7 Robotic Futures] Deep learning Last year, AI accomplished a task many people thought impossible: DeepMind, Google's deep learning AI system, defeated the world's best Go player after trouncing the European Go champion. The feat stunned the world because the number of potential Go moves exceeds the number of atoms in the universe, and past Go-playing robots performed only as well as a mediocre human player. But even more astonishing than DeepMind's utter rout of its opponents was how it accomplished the task. "The big mystery behind neural networks is why they work so well," said study co-author Henry Lin, a physicist at Harvard University. "Almost every problem we throw at them, they crack." For instance, DeepMind was not explicitly taught Go strategy and was not trained to recognize classic sequences of moves. Instead, it simply "watched" millions of games, and then played many, many more against itself and other players. Like newborn babies, these deep-learning algorithms start out "clueless," yet typically outperform other AI algorithms that are given some of the rules of the game in advance, Tegmark said. Another long-held mystery is why these deep networks are so much better than so-called shallow ones, which contain as little as one layer, Tegmark said. Deep networks have a hierarchy and look a bit like connections between neurons in the brain, with lower-level data from many neurons feeding into another "higher" group of neurons, repeated over many layers. In a similar way, deep layers of these neural networks make some calculations, and then feed those results to a higher layer of the program, and so on, he said. Magical keys or magical locks? To understand why this process works, Tegmark and Lin decided to flip the question on its head. "Suppose somebody gave you a key. Every lock you try, it seems to open. One might assume that the key has some magic properties. But another possibility is that all the locks are magical. In the case of neural nets, I suspect it's a bit of both," Lin said. One possibility could be that the "real world" problems have special properties because the real world is very special, Tegmark said. Take one of the biggest neural-network mysteries: These networks often take what seem to be computationally hairy problems, like the Go game, and somehow find solutions using far fewer calculations than expected. It turns out that the math employed by neural networks is simplified thanks to a few special properties of the universe. The first is that the equations that govern many laws of physics, from quantum mechanics to gravity to special relativity, are essentially simple math problems, Tegmark said. The equations involve variables raised to a low power (for instance, 4 or less).  [The 11 Most Beautiful Equations] What's more, objects in the universe are governed by locality, meaning they are limited by the speed of light. Practically speaking, that means neighboring objects in the universe are more likely to influence each other than things that are far from each other, Tegmark said. Many things in the universe also obey what's called a normal or Gaussian distribution. This is the classic "bell curve" that governs everything from traits such as human height to the speed of gas molecules zooming around in the atmosphere. Finally, symmetry is woven into the fabric of physics. Think of the veiny pattern on a leaf, or the two arms, eyes and ears of the average human. At the galactic scale, if one travels a light-year to the left or right, or waits a year, the laws of physics are the same, Tegmark said. Tougher problems to crack All of these special traits of the universe mean that the problems facing neural networks are actually special math problems that can be radically simplified. "If you look at the class of data sets that we actually come across in nature, they're way simpler than the sort of worst-case scenario you might imagine," Tegmark said. There are also problems that would be much tougher for neural networks to crack, including encryption schemes that secure information on the web; such schemes just look like random noise. "If you feed that into a neural network, it's going to fail just as badly as I am; it's not going to find any patterns," Tegmark said. While the subatomic laws of nature are simple, the equations describing a bumblebee flight are incredibly complicated, while those governing gas molecules remain simple, Lin added. It's not yet clear whether deep learning will perform just as well describing those complicated bumblebee flights as it will describing gas molecules, he said. "The point is that some 'emergent' laws of physics, like those governing an ideal gas, remain quite simple, whereas some become quite complicated. So there is a lot of additional work that needs to be done if one is going to answer in detail why deep learning works so well." Lin said. "I think the paper raises a lot more questions than it answers!" Original article on Live Science. Editor's Recommendations The 9 Biggest Unsolved Mysteries in Physics Inside the Brain: A Photo Journey Through Time The Mysterious Physics of 7 Everyday Things Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next ‘SNL’ Tried To Apologize To America Yahoo TV President-Elect Trump Picks Reince Priebus as His Chief of Staff ABC News Videos President-elect Trump names Steve Bannon and Reince Priebus to his senior White House leadership team Yahoo News Miami Marlins Jose Fernandez dies in boating accident Yahoo News Photo Staff Stop stressing and stare at the closest supermoon we've seen in 69 years The Verge 4-Year-Old Granted Wish to Be Drafted Onto College Baseball Team ABC News Videos ‘I’ll Say It Right to the Camera — Stop It’: Donald Trump Says the Hate Speech from His Alleged Supporters ‘Saddens’ Him People Donald Trump on 60 Minutes: The 10 Most Surprising Revelations TVLine.com Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear AFP Flamingos from above Yahoo News Photo Staff Report: carbon emissions flat in last 3 years Associated Press Index: Amazon Prohibited From Providing Refunds with Gift Cards Instead of Cash or Credit ABC News Videos Trump's choice for one of his top advisers has been met with a storm of criticism Business Insider Planned Parenthood is getting a bunch of donations from Mike Pence and here is why Hello Giggles Giuliani Advises Trump To Put His Businesses in Blind Trust 'For Good of the Country' Good Morning America Eugene Richards’ ‘Below the Line: Living Poor in America’ Yahoo News Photo Staff Anti-Trump protests continue in New York, LA, Philadelphia Dr. Azin: These people just achieved the Guinness Book of World Records listing for Whiniest Losers of a Presidential Election. Kudos! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 3.1k The Most Interesting Science News Articles of the Week LiveScience.com Yoga Instructor Accused of Murdering Her Identical Twin ABC News Videos 14-Year-Old Finds 6-Week-Old Infant in A Shoe Box on His Back Porch Inside Edition Miesha Tate announces retirement after loss at UFC 205 Cagewriter California deputy shot twice in the head, suspect arrested Associated Press Photos of the day - October 14, 2016 Yahoo News Photo Staff Vanilla and spice next to bloom in Dutch greenhouses AFP Southeast Ravaged by 43 Wildfires Spread Across 8 States ABC News Videos ‘Surprise!’ Pink Announces She’s Pregnant With Baby No. 2 People After ejection, Titans' Taylor Lewan: 'I will never let someone take a free shot on Marcus Mariota' Shutdown Corner Kris Jenner Shares Photo of New Dad Rob Kardashian and Baby Dream: ‘Melts My Heart!’ People Airstrikes in Yemen Yahoo News Photo Staff This supermoon will be extra-super GeekWire Major Earthquake Strikes New Zealand, Killing at Least 2 People ABC News Videos The Dallas Cowboys look like a team of destiny after an insane win at Pittsburgh Shutdown Corner Trump vows to deport or imprison up to 3 million immigrants: interview AFP Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Facebook Introduces Workplace Service to Compete With Slack 31 minutes ago Array 0 RNC Stopped Trump Mail Programs This Weekend By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Samsung Galaxy Note7 May Not Survive Latest Media Fire: Expert By Beth Snyder Bulik - 1 hour ago Array 0 The Second Presidential Debate Summed up in 25 Tweets By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago Array 0 See the Colonel: KFC's Latest Adman is Pete Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser) By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago Array 0 See the Colonel: KFC's Latest Adman is Pete Campbell (Vincent Kartheiser) By Jessica Wohl - 2 hours ago 0 The Second Presidential Debate Summed up in 25 Tweets By Simon Dumenco - 2 hours ago 0 How Snapchat's Big Changes Impact Advertisers and Publishers By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 Robert De Niro Says He Would Like to Punch Donald Trump in the Face By Ann-Christine Diaz - 4 hours ago 0 Why Ad Buyers Are Still Calm Amid NFL Ratings Slide By Anthony Crupi - 2 days ago 0 Kimberly-Clark Takes on Tough New Marketing Job: Selling Itself and Neenah, Wis. By Jack Neff - 7 hours ago 0 Papa John's Aims at Rivals With Pan PIzza, Its Biggest New Product in Years By Jessica Wohl - 8 hours ago 0 Media Audits Are Part of Life For European Marketers By Emma Hall - 7 hours ago 0 Coke, McDonald's, Toyota, Nestle Win ANA Multicultural Awards By Laurel Wentz - 7 hours ago 0 See the Spot: Sears Touts 'Amazing' Kenmore Washers at a Time When Samsung's Explode By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 7 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext A.I. and Ad Agencies: Bringing Cognitive Intelligence to Clients By Jason Jercinovic. Published on October 10, 2016. Reprints Reprints Most Popular It's a pivotal moment for technology and marketing. These two industries have collided to augment and even build worlds from scratch, telling comprehensive and compelling stories. Yet one of the most astounding and useful advances comes not from a new type of virtual reality but in how marketers soon will be able to analyze the most sophisticated tool around: the human mind. I'm speaking here of the principle known as "cognitive intelligence," or C.I., which offers a crystal-clear window into the behaviors, wants and needs of the people around us. Cognitive is an umbrella term encompassing numerous aspects of how machine thinking mimics how we as humans think. Terms like machine learning, artificial intelligence, deep learning, adaptive neural networks, etc. all touch on components of what is encompassed in the broader term "cognitive." Cognitive intelligence is an output of using cognitive services and technology to understand more insights at an individual or personal level. When applying cognitive to marketing, Cognitive Intelligence is about the uniqueness of the customer -- i.e. who they are as individuals. Examples can be things like their personality, character, media consumption habits, desires and passions. C.I. has proven to be life-changing in countless ways, from early detection of Alzheimer's to advances in self-driving cars. While this type of A.I. will reach far and wide, it's still in its infancy in many ways. Nevertheless, as marketers, it's our duty to understand, reimagine and implement C.I. to benefit consumers and brands. Moreover, advertising agencies are in a unique position, and hold the keys for these new applications. In fact, agencies can and should take the reigns when it comes to C.I. There's a mistaken belief that C.I.'s greatest value to advertising and marketing will be in bringing just efficiency to data and analytics. Traditional CRM or customer insights offer a limited understanding of the customer as a real individual. Cognitive insights demonstrate remarkable value to brand and consumers, as the marketing output is customized to the individual rather than as a member of a persona group or cohort. We call this "marketing to a market of one." Cognitive intelligence enables this to happen through the use of cognitive services (IBM Watson for example) to gain individual and personal insights to drive a custom, deep, personal experience. Cognitive technology has the power to illuminate unstructured data. That means brands can gain deeper insights about our customers and provide them with more valuable, personalized experiences Stated simply: Cognitive shines the light on dark data. This is only the beginning of where cognitive powered marketing will take us. We see cognitive intelligence driving the digital experience forward to the point that the interface itself anticipates the user need. The digital brand experience at the interface level is affected by the insights from the individual. This forces a shift in how agencies work with clients across industries, a crumbling of the one-size fits all approach and, as the industry is already seeing, a shift to one-to-one experiences. Brand marketers will get to the future of "marketing to a market of one" by viewing technologies like IBM Watson as more than just a formidable competitor on Jeopardy and thinking critically about how to tie A.I. into marketing in creative ways. Advertising has reached a tipping point where it's not enough to come up with a catchy tagline or a creative design to make a lasting impression. Marketers are now facing an obstacle course in which marketing is intertwined with the complex ecosystem of today: a fusion of the entertainment, media and technology industries. If advertisers are not taking this change seriously, they're not doing their jobs. To keep up, marketers have to pool their resources and bring their expertise together in smart and strategic ways. For instance, my agency works closely with IBM's Watson team, and we haven't been shy about employing Watson as a resource for our clients. HOW? As a result, we've gained a better understanding of the consumers that we're targeting and given them personalized experiences that directly correlate with what they want. We use the insights from C.I. to create personal, data-driven, interactive, brand experiences that enable our clients to create smarter recommendations, thus shortening the purchase journey. The less marketers limit themselves with C.I., the more they'll accomplish. Advertisers need to find the connection between these far-reaching capabilities and institutional advertising know how to take marketing into the next level. At its core, C.I. doesn't constrain itself to what has been tried before. It finds new patterns, turns data on its head and uses new perspectives to come up with better individually personalized solutions. As marketers, it's our responsibility to bring this type of thinking to how we use technology. Brands that do this in the right way, by serving it up to consumers in their voice with their individual preferences, process we will be the Brands of tomorrow. Cognitively intelligent brands will be the brands that matter. In this article: DigitalNext Jason Jercinovic Jason Jercinovic is global head of marketing innovation and global brand director at Havas. Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it 97m shares News Sport Trending Nutshell Home Trending Nutshell News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Celebrity Big Brother Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Search Metro Follow us Don’t worry, Dads – children don’t actually inherit their intelligence from Mum Rob Waugh for Metro.co.ukMonday 10 Oct 2016 7:50 am It’s quite possible this child is intelligent because of her father (Picture Getty) Last week, a report from a psychology website suggested that children actually inherit their intelligence from their Mums – and Dad is pretty much not involved. Naturally, that got a lot of people hitting the ‘Like’ button on Facebook – but there’s just one, tiny problem. It’s actually not true. The post, by Psychology Spot isn’t actually about new scientific research at all – instead, it mashes together a whole load of old studies. And it gets them completely wrong – in fact, so wrong that Forbes describes it as a ‘hot mess’ in a detailed breakdown The Psychology Spot blog post from March quotes several studies out of context, suggesting that lab studies on genetically modified mice found that those with extra doses of maternal genes developed bigger heads and brains, while those with more paternal genes had smaller brains and heads. Getty It also – referencing a different, unrelated study – said that researchers at Glasgow’s Medical Research Council found that the IQ of mothers was the best predictor of the intelligence of children. But a lot of the data is completely misused, Forbes explains. In summary, human intelligence is pretty complex – and it’s nowhere near as simple as inheriting what your mama gave you. More Mass evacuation after two-metre tsunami hits New Zealand following earthquake Tsunami warning after massive earthquake hits New Zealand Sponsored13 reasons American ERs are so much sexier than our A&Es UK's first ever ethnic minority judge, Mota Singh, dies aged 86 Sponsored13 coolest children's toys this year Donald Trump announces plan to deport three million immigrants Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » BreakingNews Mass evacuation after two-metre tsunami hits New Zealand following earthquake Hate crimes soar across the US after Donald Trump elected First ever Remembrance service held for fallen war horses UK's first ever ethnic minority judge, Mota Singh, dies aged 86 Tsunami warning after massive earthquake hits New ZealandMore trending stories » VideoMore videos » Borat thinks Donald Trump is a fictional character Peanut the panda learns to walk A man films himself during New Zealand earthquake A light sways in New Zealand earthquakeMore videos » YOU ARE HERE: News Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending Nutshell MetroUK @MetroUK © 2016 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices Terms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search the BBC Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business Politics Tech selected Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Technology Technology Humans need new skills for post-AI world, say MPs 12 October 2016 From the section Technology Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp Linkedin Share this with Linkedin Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-37618579 Read more about sharing. Close share panel × Image copyright Thinkstock Image caption Robots could take people's jobs and more, some experts warn Robotics and AI have "huge potential" to reshape the way people work and live, but the government needs to do more to address the issues raised by such technology, says a report. MPs on the Science and Technology Committee have called for careful scrutiny of the probable ethical, legal and societal impact. They want the government to establish a commission to look at the issues. That will include new skills for humans as artificial intelligence takes jobs. Science fact Others, such as Tesla boss Elon Musk, have gone further - declaring AI to be the biggest threat to the survival of the human race. Acting Science and Technology Committee chairwoman Dr Tania Mathias said: "Artificial intelligence has some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in films like Star Wars. "At present, 'AI machines' have narrow and specific roles, such as in voice-recognition or playing the board game Go. "But science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades. "It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field, but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now." 'Failed leadership' British company DeepMind, which is owned by Google, has more than 250 research scientists working on AI at its London headquarters. It has created a machine capable of beating one of the world's greatest Go players and is currently working on developing an artificial hippocampus - the part of the brain believed to be responsible for memory and creativity. In its submission to the committee it said: "The impact of AI will reflect the values of those who build it. AI is a tool that we humans will design, control and direct and it is up to us all to direct that tool towards the common good." DeepMind recently, along with Facebook, Amazon, IBM and Microsoft, set up the Partnership on AI, a group aiming to address concerns about where the technology is heading. But Dr Mathias said: "This does not absolve the government of its responsibilities." So far, the government had failed to show "leadership" on the issues, she said. 'Displacing jobs' Dr Mathias wants the commission, which MPs said should be set up at the Alan Turing Institute, "to identify principles for governing the development and application of AI, and to foster public debate". "It is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others," she said. "Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to re-skill and up-skill. "This requires a commitment by the government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change." TechUK, the body that represents UK technology companies, welcomed the report. "Like all new powerful technologies, robotics and AI will bring great changes, and it is essential that they are used in a way that enhances the lives of ordinary people and strengthens the society that we live in," said Sue Daley, head of big data and analytics at TechUK. "Business, academia, citizens and government all have a role to play in ensuring we have an informed and balanced debate about the potential impact of these new technologies and how we can ensure we all benefit from their development and use." Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Linkedin More on this story Google, Facebook, Amazon join forces on future of AI 28 September 2016 Google developing kill switch for AI 8 June 2016 Top Stories Trump makes two key appointments US President-elect Donald Trump gives key roles to a top Republican and a conservative media chief. 14 November 2016 NHS bosses 'tried to keep cuts secret' 14 November 2016 Second strong quake hits New Zealand 14 November 2016 Features Breaking the link Why are poverty and cancer connected? Top job Will Britain ever have a black PM, asks David Harewood Barred from Liberland The president unable to enter the tiny country he created Video Station Road What's it like to own a house you could never afford now? Brexmas What might Brexit's impact be on England's winter markets? ‘Terrible things’ The Iraqi women who came back home after fleeing IS Daring do The model challenged to set up a luxury travel firm I will always love him The letters I wrote to my WW2 fiance still make me weep Test star excites Agnew Haseeb Hameed debut an 'I was there' moment News navigation Sections Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit US Election 2016 Tech selected Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2016 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
null
null
Enterprise BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Microsoft will launch its price war with Salesforce on November 1 Julie Bort Oct. 11, 2016, 3:59 PM 26,398 facebook linkedin twitter email print Microsoft CEO Satya NadellaBusiness Insider Microsoft on Tuesday showed off the next incarnation of a major software product called Dynamics 365, stuffed full of new features and artificial intelligence.  Microsoft has been teasing Dynamics 365 for a while now, as is its custom. On Tuesday the company announced that Dynamics 365 will be will be available to customers worldwide beginning November 1. This is the product that goes head-to-head with Salesforce, as well as Oracle and SAP.  Dynamics 365 is cloud software that has combined what's known as CRM or customer relationship management software – used by salespeople to track prospects and customers (a market Salesforce leads) – with ERP or enterprise resource management software. ERP is financial, manufacturing, and supply chain management software, a market where SAP is the biggest player, followed by Oracle. This new product is one of the main reasons that Microsoft bought LinkedIn for more than $26 billion. Dynamics 365 includes new applications that sift through data stored in Microsoft documents, the CRM/ERP system, and social media like LinkedIn to provide sales leads and business insights for marketing campaigns. Microsoft had previously said that it plans to start a price war with the main CRM players, particularly Salesforce.  On Tuesday, cloud vice president Takeshi Numoto wrote a blog post that shared a few more details about those pricing plans. He explained that Microsoft's new subscription plans for Dynamics 365 will bundle together many popular options, rather than making a company pay for each one per user, separately. Numoto writes that this "could save four to five times the cost of traditional CRM providers."  While Salesforce isn't known to be dirt cheap — it can cost up to $300 per person per month — enterprise IT departments tend to negotiate prices, so list prices don't always count for much. In his blog post, Numoto also couldn't resist another subtle dig at Salesforce and its newly announced, much hyped AI product called Einstein, which has been receiving mixed reviews so far. Salesforce has spent hundreds of millions of dollars to acquire the tech and team that built Einstein over the past few years. Plus, CEO Marc Benioff has been saying that AI is the next big wave in software, and will one day be baked into everything Salesforce does. Meanwhile, Microsoft, with its massive R&D organization, says its been working on AI for "decades." Numoto writes (emphasis ours): "With so much attention on artificial intelligence and the promise it holds, it can be hard to tell what’s real and what’s not. When it comes to business process – and your business – Dynamics 365 delivers the intelligence you need to transform, now, backed by decades of research and investment." SEE ALSO: Microsoft to Salesforce: Game on NOW WATCH: Archaeologists reconstructed the mansion of a wealthy banker in Pompeii Loading video... More: Microsoft Salesforce Customer Relation Management Dynamics CRM facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Microsoft will launch its price war with Salesforce on November 1 Microsoft will launch its price war with Salesforce on November 1 Microsoft on Tuesday showed off the next... Recommended For You Featured As healthcare costs rise and patients demand better care, hospitals turn to new technologies More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Enterprise Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Enterprise Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Soccer star Alex Morgan on her family: 'All that you will achieve, you will owe to them.' Check out the letter from the Olympic gold-medal winner to her 7-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Database   /   Microsoft's Cortana Intelligence Aimed at Transforming Businesses       Microsoft's Cortana Intelligence Aimed at Transforming Businesses     By Darryl K. Taft  |  Posted 2016-10-11                   1 of Back To Start Pause Loading... Microsoft's Cortana Intelligence Aimed at Transforming Businesses Here's a look at how companies are using Microsoft technology, including Cortana Intelligence, to power their big data, advanced analytics and AI environments. Portugal Telecom Portugal Telecom's MEO subsidiary is the nation's largest telecom operator, offering 200-plus channels, a vast catalog of video-on-demand content and a state-of-the-art user experience that enables its 1.4 million subscribers to navigate through an extensive range of live and on-demand content. One of the issues the company identified was that although subscribers of its bundled services had a wide variety of content available to them, customers typically accessed only a small selection of familiar content. MEO used Microsoft Cortana Intelligence technologies to provide its Recommendations service to users, transforming content consumption data into meaningful insights and helping customers find relevant content matching their preferences. This helps maintain user loyalty and increase revenue. Allrecipes.com Created by and for family-focused home cooks, Allrecipes has been making cooking more accessible and enjoyable since 1997. In that timeframe, the company has seen several trends emerge regarding how people interact with food content. Providing a personalized experience meant finding the most relevant information in the vast proliferation of online content. To provide each user with a unique experience, Allrecipes.com tapped Microsoft Cortana Intelligence to analyze data about the recipes and user interactions. Now, instead of just returning search results, Allrecipes.com provides recipe recommendations based on cooks' historical interactions. Rolls-Royce Flight delays and disruptions cost the airline industry millions of dollars every year. Even a small reduction in "aircraft on ground" time can translate into a significant amount of money. Rolls-Royce has more than 13,000 engines for commercial aircraft in service around the world, and for the past 20 years, has offered airlines comprehensive engine maintenance services to help keep aircraft available and efficient. Using Microsoft Cortana Intelligence, Rolls-Royce will be able to analyze a rich set of data and perform data modeling at scale to accurately detect operational anomalies and help customers plan relevant actions. When fuel consumption optimization of as little as 1 percent can save millions, applying analytics and intelligence to data promises tremendous value. QuarterSpot QuarterSpot's name sums up its lending model: a small business in need of funding can apply for a loan on the QuarterSpot website. As with traditional lenders, the key to QuarterSpot's model is its ability to accurately assess risk and appropriately price a loan—in short, to be able to tell a good borrower from a bad one. To gain competitive advantage, QuarterSpot needed to expedite and automate its underwriting process. Using Microsoft Azure Machine Learning in the Cortana Intelligence Suite, the company developed and tested multiple complex algorithms to better explain data. This analysis, in turn, helped QuarterSpot reduce default rates by more than 50 percent, saving the company millions. REACH Initiative Millions of people across the world live in a state of "water insecurity," or fear of not having enough water on a daily basis. A team from University of Oxford is trying to break this cycle in Kenya with the REACH Initiative. The time spent finding and carrying water, if local wells are not reliable, steals precious time from farming, making a living or going to school. Understanding groundwater depth is critical to mapping the "health" of an entire water system and helping decision-makers know when water supplies are running low, understand how they fluctuate and forecast availability. The REACH Initiative has widely deployed sensors on water wells, employing Microsoft Cortana Intelligence and machine learning models to help solve this problem accurately by predicting water levels, availability and thus optimizing resources. Sandvik Sandvik Coromant is at the forefront of developing manufacturing tools and solutions that help their own manufacturing customers produce parts in the most efficient, reliable and cost-effective ways possible. To maximize the benefit of its deep knowledge of the machining process, Sandvik Coromant has developed a solution that integrates all elements of the production flow—people, machines, tools, and data—to empower customers to make the best possible business decisions. The solution combines the company's human brainpower and Microsoft's business applications, including advanced analytics solutions, to optimize processes, planning and predictive maintenance scheduling. This helps Sandvik Coromant customers avoid downtime and lower costs. Hendricks Motorsports Hendrick Motorsports fields four of NASCAR's most successful teams and holds a record 11 championships in NASCAR's premier division. With strict regulations governing stock cars, engineers have a limited number of ways they can legally change a car to make it faster. Hendricks developed a customized proprietary universal Windows 10 app powered by Cortana Intelligence to collect data and distill it quickly enough to inform decisions during a race. Prior to using the solution, much of the data was collected manually and could take many hours and multiple engineers to parse it into a manageable format. Ziosk At casual-dining restaurants in the United States, chances are good there'll be a Ziosk tablet at the table. Restaurant guests can use the devices to view menu items, play games, watch news, order food and pay for their meals via a built-in credit card reader. As Ziosk continues to grow, it plans to make its service increasingly valuable to restaurants and their guests and to Ziosk's content and sponsorship partners by providing a personalized user experience for each guest. Ziosk used Microsoft HD Insight and Azure Machine Learning, part of Cortana Intelligence Suite, to aggregate a broad range of user experience data and create models that predict offers, content and user interface elements, developing that personalized experience for guests. Tacoma Public Schools Is it possible to predict whether students are at risk of dropping out of school? Tacoma Public Schools thinks so. A 2007 national study dubbed the 30,000-student district's five high schools "dropout factories," where many freshmen never made it to graduation. As recently as 2010, just 55 percent of the district's high school students—well below the national average of 81 percent—earned their diplomas on time. Using predictive analytics tools, such as Azure Machine Learning from the Cortana Intelligence Suite, the district is providing comprehensive data snapshots of student success indicators that have already helped improve graduation rates from 55 to 82.6 percent. Today, the district is recognized nationally for its educational achievements. Schneider A leader in energy management with a 180-year history, Schneider Electric is headquartered in France and has customers in more than 100 countries. Seeking to balance access to electricity with sustainability, Schneider Electric wanted to find a more efficient way to monitor and manage remote electrical components like solar arrays. Nigeria and Schneider Electric collaborated with Microsoft and the Lagos State Electricity Board to address the country's power challenges by providing sustainable solar power to more than 200 schools and clinics. In close collaboration with Microsoft, the company developed its EcoStruxure.io IoT platform, based on the Microsoft Azure IoT and Cortana Intelligence Suite, to attain real-time insight into sensors, equipment and systems that might operate almost anywhere in the world. Transforming Business With Advanced Analytics: 5 Scenarios This portion of the slide show offers five scenarios in which businesses can capitalize on advanced analytics. Personalization and Customer Insights Businesses can create the products and services that their customers are asking for by harnessing all kinds of customer data. Advanced analytics solutions allow them to predict outcomes with machine learning and create analytics solutions to anticipate not only a customer's next move, but also glean targeted insights into high-value customers. Businesses can use techniques such as sentiment analysis or churn analytics to reduce churn, increase engagement and build customer loyalty. Personalization also enables businesses to develop customized experiences for their users, such as online shopping cart recommendations on items frequently bought together, or suggestions of next best alternatives. Remote Patient Monitoring and Clinical Analysis Health care executives estimate that by using the cloud and analytics instead of older technologies, they're able to cut costs in half while improving patients' lives. Advanced analytics and sensor data can be used to non-intrusively monitor seniors living at home or in assisted-living situations to determine whether a patient is following a treatment protocol correctly. Medical practitioners analyze this data to create personalized treatment plans and can intervene to make corrections. Also, medical researchers are now able to work with larger databases than was practical with previous technologies. Demand Forecasting and Inventory Management Today's always-on shopping experience is the norm for retailers, but makes managing inventory quite challenging. Demand forecasting ensures the right items are stocked in the right quantities, at the right time and place. With advanced analytics, you can get ahead of competitors with insights into not only what your business needs today, but what it will need tomorrow. Advanced analytics enables companies to get a better understanding of inventory demand patterns, supply networks and customer service requirements. Users can now easily obtain and manage a real-time view to assess inventory levels, predict product fulfillment needs and identify potential backlog issues. Field Service and Manufacturing Operational Efficiency Advanced analytics enables companies to capture and analyze data, automatically detect equipment anomalies, generate service tickets, and identify tools, parts, and service technicians to deliver a first-time fix—a vital metric in gauging field service performance. By providing exceptional field service to your smart-connected products, you'll move from a costly break-fix model to a proactive and predictive service model. Uncovering insights buried in the data can help users avoid costly downtime by discovering potential equipment issues before shutting down a factory line. With advanced analytics, the "preventative" becomes the "predictive" to create better outcomes and operational efficiency. Risk and Fraud Management Using advanced analytics, businesses can detect and stop fraud. Companies can gain a comprehensive view of their overall fraud risk to help prevent it. They can detect fraud, waste and abuse with a high degree of accuracy. Advanced analytics enables businesses to measure exposure and risk across all risk types. Businesses can independently calculate and separately assess compliance risk, credit risk, market risk and firm-wide risks. Advanced analytics enables accurate assessment of loan risk to help price a loan appropriately by differentiating between good and bad borrowers. 10 Features Samsung Should Build Into the Galaxy S8 Smartphone View Slideshow » Why DNS Servers Are an Unprotected Back Door into Your Network View Slideshow » 11 Revolutionary Advances in Wireless Tech in 2016 View Slideshow » Panasonic Updates Toughpad FZ-G1 With More Power, Longer Battery Life View Slideshow » Broadcom, Qualcomm Latest Acquirers in Busy Chip Space View Slideshow » Why Donald Trump and Silicon Valley Don't See Eye to Eye View Slideshow » CIOs Expect Steady Growth in Health Care IT Spending, Cyber-Threats View Slideshow » Ransomware Takes Off, Web Browsers Under Attack: Kaspersky Report View Slideshow » TrueOS Succeeds PC-BSD Desktop-Friendly Unix OS View Slideshow » Comparing Microsoft's New Surface Book to Apple's MacBook Pro View Slideshow » View All Slideshows >   During Microsoft's Machine Learning and Data Science Summit at the Ignite conference in September, eWEEK sat down with Herain Oberoi, senior director of product management for cloud and enterprise, to discuss how data-driven intelligence is now the key strategic asset of business. "Everything that's happening in the world around us—every purchase, upload, shipment, tweet, keystroke, sensor reading and customer interaction—is producing incredibly rich data that can help us create new experiences, new efficiencies, new business models and even new inventions," he said. Using this data can be a differentiator for businesses. For example, IDC estimates companies that are leaders in using data assets to their advantage will capture $1.6 trillion more in business value than those that lag behind. Cortana Intelligence is Microsoft's family of big data, advanced analytics and artificial intelligence (AI) platform and solutions, Oberoi said. This slide show presents 10 examples of companies using Microsoft technology, including Cortana Intelligence, to power their big data, advanced analytics and AI environments, as well as five solution scenarios in which businesses can capitalize on advanced analytics.                       Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
Today » 10°C Mon 11°C Tues 8°C Wed 10°C Things TO READ Things TO DO SIGN IN Confessions POST A CONFESSION Holy 50 shades posted October 11th, 2016 at 10:34 AM I've recently discovered that i love being dominated in the bedroom. I am a strong, intelligent, confident woman but when i'm with a man in bed, i love being submissive. It just feels natural to me. Now for the first time i have experienced being with a man who is totally confident and dominant, allowing me to completely submit to him - and i LOVED it!! Omg what an experience. He took charge from the second we started; it was like being in the hands of a master. He tied me, spanked me, held me at the throat, pulled my hair... it was so hot. He completely took me! Don't get me wrong - it was completely consensual. We had spent all night talking about what we desired, and he gave me what i asked for. Oh man did he give it to me. I've NEVER cum like that!!! Here's the thing, outside the bedroom he is super kind and respectful. He's smart and considerate, has a super dark/dry sense of humour and is just great company. He'd make the perfect boyfriend! But alas, it was just a hookup, and i'll likely never see him again as he isn't from Van. So, with this new found sexual awakening of sorts, i need to know how to find a boyfriend/partner that is dominant like that in the bedroom. Where do i go to meet men like this - good men, not abusive aggressive men. Just a wonderful man who loves to dominate me in the bedroom. It's a certain kink or fetish i guess and i'm hoping there's a meetup place i can go??? Thanks! 73 42Rating: +31 11 Show 11 Comments 11 Comments Post a Comment TROLL Oct 11, 2016 at 12:52pm This is obviously some deranged loser that wishes someone might write this about him. 17 29Rating: -12 My suggestion Oct 11, 2016 at 12:54pm ...would be to create a profile on Fetlife and write exactly what you wrote here. It's hard to find exactly what you want but that said, there is a vibrant and active fetish and kink community in Vancouver with lots of casual munches and parties. Go get your kink on! 26 8Rating: +18 Le Marquis De Boring Oct 11, 2016 at 2:54pm Your bedroom adventures are sooo edgy. 18 20Rating: -2 @Le Marquis Oct 11, 2016 at 3:31pm She can enjoy what she enjoys, and you can continue to enjoy fisting your own ass. 30 18Rating: +12 BDSM Girl Oct 11, 2016 at 6:08pm Fetlife or there is plenty of events in Vancouver. Sin City and others... 16 7Rating: +9 Normal Tuesday Oct 11, 2016 at 7:38pm That sounds like a normal night at my place, too bad I'm leaving town. 50 shades of rape is an interesting concept but who is kidding whom? "Here's the thing, outside the bedroom he is super kind and respectful. He's smart and considerate, has a super dark/dry sense of humour and is just great company. He'd make the perfect boyfriend!" And this city is full of super kind guys... what is stopping you from making that happen with local men? 12 13Rating: -1 @TROLL Oct 11, 2016 at 8:57pm You are obviously some deranged loser who has never had a woman beg to be tied up! 9 11Rating: -2 Yes please Oct 11, 2016 at 10:52pm Sounds perfect can I have one too!? 13 7Rating: +6 Finally ! Oct 12, 2016 at 9:05am A poster who actually posts a confession. Miracles really DO exist. As to the subject of her confession, in my experience, about 90% of women share your preference for consensual deep submission. Generally they don't find out or admit it to themselves until age 30+ and it's often an experienced man whom helps his lovers arrive at this most satisfying "Ahaaa" moment. Likewise, it usually takes a man advanced in years and experience (40+) to see, embrace and properly act on the perfectly natural inclination of women to be and/or play the submissive role in the carnal arts. It's really all about tweaking that most important sexual organ.. our brains. So welcome to the world of orgasmic bliss baby girl! Once you've arrived, you can never go back, but then.. who'd want to. 10 6Rating: +4 Addendum to "Finally !" Oct 12, 2016 at 4:25pm I forgot to mention.. You've been VERY naughty Babygirl ! I'm going to turn over my lap and give you a good spanking. Who's your daddy. See you on GS 'Missed Connections'. 4 10Rating: -6 LOAD MORE Join the Discussion Your name Comment * gs email To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty. Home page LATEST CONFESSIONS POSTS Striving to be More I'm striving to be more like my pets past and present and exhibit their good qualities - offer the... more Utensils I strive to use them as little as possible and eat with my hands and use various fast food napkins to... more To our country's greatest poet It's been two days since his death was announced, yet I'm still welling up with tears at the... more Exotic birds I no bird watcher but I've seen a few. A hoopoe in Myanmar. An island of hornbills in Malaysia.... more Whiners or Reality? My girlfriend and I are moving back to Vancouver in about six months time after living in Brisbane... more what a mess I'm going through an extreme mental health crisis at the moment. I'd like to ask for help but... more Diamonds are forever I think the whole engagement ring idea is one of the greatest scams on earth. A giant company managed... more Women Leaders As a society, when women -as a group - can build skyscrapers, without attention being brought to it as... more Seeking beauty ... in a sea of ugly. I usually consume news like crazy but after Trump winning the election, I can&... more Because it burns my tongue I think of adding it at the end of conversations. After kissing you in the dark. During our first,... more Worst part about Trump winning Lena Dunham said she is moving to Vancouver. more Whistling at concerts ruins the recordings of it and ruins the experience - scream in someone elses ear who likes this sound! more Quilting I've stopped doing it mostly as it is too easy to dismiss something with an eh that someone... more No thanks to Christy Clark! My kid was just confirmed gifted, lightyears ahead of her peers. Yet, there is no extra support or... more What up With all the guys who go grocery shopping with a suitcase? I'm not talking just happen to have one... more More Confessions Posts I SAW YOU REPUBLIC nightclub (fri nov 11) You were in a plain white tshirt + had an accent. I was wearing a gold top, drinking a corona... MORE I SAW YOUS BLOGRA 25 years ago today: Van Halen plays BC... As usual, Eddie Van Halen saved the day. MORE FROM OUR BLOG MOST POPULAR Renters of Vancouver: "I'd only been living there for one day" Steve Darling is second former Global B.C. broadcaster running for B.C. Liberals in 2017 Niki Sharma: An open letter to white Canadians Vancouver filmmaker Neill Blomkamp returns from the future with frightening video of U.S. President Donald Trump Dessert spot 720 Sweets & Etc. set to open inside T&T Supermarket 58 things to do in Metro Vancouver on Sunday, November 13 Your horoscope for November 10 to 16, 2016 Vancouver protest planned tonight against Donald Trump as similar rallies take place in U.S. cities Renters of Vancouver: “They offered me a place to stay…in exchange for sexual favours” U.S. election-integrity advocates question legitimacy of Donald Trump's victory SHOW MORE TODAY'S EVENTS OK Tinder To Dec 21, 9:15 pm, every Wed at  The Improv Centre Buster Brown and the New Resolutions  at  Backstage Lounge Haislakala: Spoken from the Heart To Dec 18 at  Coastal Peoples Gallery MORE EVENTS FEATURED BOV WINNERSBest men's-clothing store (independent) Boys'Co 8th + Main Motherland SEE FULL LIST OF BEST OF VANCOUVER WINNERS THINGS TO READ THINGS TO DO NEWS MUSIC ARTS LIFE MOVIES FOOD BLOGS CONFESSIONS I SAW YOU CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS ALL EVENTS POST YOUR EVENT MUSIC ARTS FESTIVALS MOVIES CLUBS DINING CONTESTS CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS STORIES EVENTS VENUES Search Sort by Sort by newestSort by relevance Include archived stories Search Type of venue - All Venue Types -Arena/StadiumArts/EntertainmentAttraction/Things to DoBusiness/ServiceCasinoClubMarket/GroceriesMuseum/Art GalleryPub/BarPublic Place/LandmarkRestaurant/CafeShopping/RetailTheatre Search Type of event - All Event Categories -ActivismAttractionsComedyConcertsDanceFestivalsFilmFood & DrinkForums & TalksFundraisers & CharityGalleriesHolidayKids' StuffLiterary/BooksMarketsMuseumsNightlifePerforming ArtsSportsTheatreOther Events that start after... See the Latest Print Edition GEORGIA STRAIGHT History About Us Contact Us Masthead Careers Site Map Covers ADVERTISE Advertise With Us Special Issues Link to Us LEGAL Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions© 2016 Vancouver free press. Best of Vancouver, BOV and Golden Plates are trade-marks of Vancouver Free Press Publishing Corp.
Menu Passcode Search Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscribe Search Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscribe Save Saved Login / Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription offer Subscription offer World USA Commentary Business Energy / Environment Technology Science Culture Books Take Action Passcode Modern field guide to security and privacy A man touched the head of a SoftBank robot known as Pepper in Tokyo. Kim Kyung-Hoon/Reuters | Caption Podcast: Thomas Rid on the 'Rise of the Machines' Security On this episode of The Cybersecurity Podcast, New America's Peter Singer and Passcode's Sara Sorcher interview Thomas Rid, a war studies professor at King's College, about his new book, "Rise of the Machines: A Cybernetic History." Sara Sorcher @SaraSorcher October 11, 2016 —As technology advances, computers are smarter than ever: They can understand human speech and even drive cars. But in order to understand the full capabilities – and limits – of artificial intelligence, we need to understand where these ideas came from, says Thomas Rid, a professor in the department of War Studies at King's College London.  Mr. Rid joins the Cybersecurity Podcast to talk about his new book, "Rise of the Machines: A Cybernetic History," a sweeping history of mankind's deep dependence on technology. Cybernetics is an idea that rose to prominence in the 20th century. Pioneers such as the Massachusetts Institute of Technology scholar Norman Wiener  defined the term as "the scientific study of control and communication in the animal and the machine" – essentially, he believed that the relationships between man and machine could be symbiotic.  "Very early on, the pioneers [of cybernetics] expected their machines would be as intelligent as human beings," Mr. Rid tells podcast cohosts New America's Peter Singer and Passcode's Sara Sorcher. "The idea of the singularity, the point when machines would become more intelligence than humans, is a cybernetics idea from the 1960s. A lot of the ideas that guide our work – artificial intelligence, for instance – come from that original source." As Rid points out, "we have this permanent temptation to project our hopes and our fears into our machines...So it's helpful to know about their failures, in order to avoid history repeating itself."  Also on this episode, podcast cohost Sara Sorcher, deputy editor of Passcode at The Christian Science Monitor, discusses a recent  article by Nathaniel Mott detailing emerging etiquette questions as more people bring personal assistant technology such as Amazon's Alexa into their homes. Podcast cohost Peter Singer, strategist and senior fellow at New America, discusses his recent trip to Sweden, where officials are viewing cybersecurity threats in military terms.  Follow Passcode! Cybersecurity news and analysis delivered straight to your inbox. Next Up Surveillance Podcast: Government hacking v. human rights By Sara Sorcher Cybercrime Podcast: Steve Weber on why hackers may start targeting your emotions By Sara Sorcher Surveillance Podcast: Cory Doctorow on science fiction, surveillance and World War III By Sara Sorcher Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers What is chatbot? 0Shares 0 0 0 0 Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI What is Singles Day? As Alibaba breaks sales records, here’s your guide to the worlds biggest shopping event Google’s Daydream VR headset to launch across five countries IMAX raises $50m for VR content Fitbit denies takeover bid rumours Google’s Daydream VR headset to launch across five countries 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI Telcos and omni-channel alliance comes to UK AT&T and Colt claim software defined networking (SDN) breakthrough Artificial Intelligence Ethics, Jobs & Trust – UK Government Sets Out AI future Ford drives toward autonomous future with next-gen driver assist technologies From the Turing Test to Deep Learning: Artificial Intelligence Goes Mainstream 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI IBM Watson to find out why cancer becomes drug registant Google’s Daydream VR headset to launch across five countries Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cloud forces data centre traffic into the zettabyte era ‘Data is power’: Is big data Alibaba’s secret weapon in global cloud race? US election: Canada immigration site crashes as Trump defeats Clinton Travis Perkins turns to IBM Cloud to improve customer experience AWS reveals on-premises Linux test environment Brexit price rise hits software, cloud and devices – here are the tech companies charging more US election: Canada immigration site crashes as Trump defeats Clinton Government IT spending to be driven by cloud and storage – Dell EMC report How businesses can survive Black Friday 2016 Orange introduces Easy Go Network as part of NaaS strategy AWS vs Google Cloud Platform vs Microsoft Azure: Cloud pricing continues to lack enterprise credentials Machine learning and data science workloads ignite Apache Spark adoption Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Tesco Bank Hack – investigation, arrests and what happened UK Home Secretary: Cyber attacks on banks are “shaking public confidence” Yahoo hacked again? Probe launched on data breach claims Pushing the envelope: How much should you risk on cyber security innovation? 75,000 data protection officers needed worldwide for GDPR Tesco Bank Hack – investigation, arrests and what happened Pushing the envelope: How much should you risk on cyber security innovation? Facebook buys black market passwords for user account safety Sophos sees revenues rise as it targets SME cyber security market Facebook buys black market passwords for user account safety Remember Remember the 5th of November – Virtual Gunpowder, Cyber Treason and Bots! UK launches cyber retraining academy to bridge skill gap Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Fitbit denies takeover bid rumours Google fights back on Android in EU anti-trust case Apple CEO Tim Cook calls for unity after Trump wins election US election results – key US mainstream media outlets online for reaction and results US elections 2016- the biggest online only news streams including Google news, Facebook, Buzzfeed and Yahoo How to follow the US Election: Best Twitter, Facebook, Reddit accounts for election results, news & commentary Google fights back on Android in EU anti-trust case BT to hold a Dragons’ Den for startups in search for new apps and services As Google rolls out Android Auto, who will drive the connected car software market? Telcos and omni-channel alliance comes to UK BT to hold a Dragons’ Den for startups in search for new apps and services Orange introduces Easy Go Network as part of NaaS strategy Apple cuts dongle prices as critics slam Macbook Pro ports LastPass secures mobile devices with free password syncing Alienware rolls out first compact VR gaming notebook Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Travis Perkins turns to IBM Cloud to improve customer experience Cloud forces data centre traffic into the zettabyte era SSE Telecoms connects London Stock Exchange customers to over 70 data centres Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud Microsoft gives new data centre server design 5 data centre efficiency metrics you need to know Data centre efficiency warning – firms need to make better use of tools and metrics Stay cool – Strange ways and new tech to stay cool in the data centre Data centre management – linking assets across the cloud Cisco pushes new modular storage servers as alternative to public cloud Colt continues European push with new Frankfurt data centre Big Data Analytics Facebook’s Zuckerberg claims fake news on site did not swing Trump victory CBR Exclusive: How BMW optimised supply chain big data with Teradata ESA powers Earth Observation Analysis Service with SAP HANA Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? SUSE, Microsoft, Linux and containers: open source continues its enterprise march University of Leeds bets on deep storage for petabyte-scale science data How to disrupt and succeed with innovation SUSE, Microsoft, Linux and containers: open source continues its enterprise march ESA powers Earth Observation Analysis Service with SAP HANA Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? University of Leeds bets on deep storage for petabyte-scale science data US election: Canada immigration site crashes as Trump defeats Clinton AT&T and Colt claim software defined networking (SDN) breakthrough Centurylink funds Level 3 buyout with 57 data centres sell off IT giants go in search of zero downtime standard for enterprise IT BT to hold a Dragons’ Den for startups in search for new apps and services SUSE, Microsoft, Linux and containers: open source continues its enterprise march US elections – the best analytics and data sites Hyperconvergence – how far can it penetrate the enterprise data centre? Orange introduces Easy Go Network as part of NaaS strategy BP and Total owned oil firm brings cloud data centre online Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers What Is What is chatbot? James Nunns 11th October 2016 0 A chatbot is a computer program that is designed to interact with customers, typically on the Internet. The program is capable of simulating conversation due to it being powered by rules, and sometimes artificial intelligence. Typically this service is used on the Internet, posing as a help assistant and answering basic questions. The chatbot hit the headlines in 2016 after companies like Facebook revealed that it would deliver automated customer support through its Messenger service. Microsoft also launched a chatbot, called Tay, but the self learning bot learnt a lot of bad things from Twitter feeds and went on racist rants before being taken offline. Next page » Pages: 1 2 Tags Chatbot Facebook Previous ArticleWhat is Google Maps? Next ArticleUK’s largest data centre campus gets green light Related What Is What is Google Maps? James Nunns 11th October 2016 What Is What is colocation? James Nunns 11th October 2016 What Is What is Chromium? James Nunns 11th October 2016 Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Your Comment Name * Email * Website Editor’s Pick ‘Data is power’: Is big data Alibaba’s secret weapon in global cloud race? James Nunns 10th November 2016 As Google rolls out Android Auto, who will drive the connected car software market? Alexander Sword 9th November 2016 Tesco Bank Hack – £2.5m stolen ‘personal data not compromised’ Ambrose McNevin 9th November 2016 Most Read How to follow the US Election: Best Twitter, Facebook, Reddit accounts for election results, news & commentary Ellie Burns 8th November 2016 Online betting: How is Paddy Power Betfair doing secure DevOps? Alexander Sword 7th November 2016 Will a British big data company win Trump the U.S. election? James Nunns 4th November 2016 Latest White Papers Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Monitor Continuously. Respond Swiftly. By Intel McAfee Labs Threats Report By Intel What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Pushing the envelope: How much should you risk on cyber security innovation? 2 days ago 5 UK start-ups changing business with AI 2 days ago IMAX raises $50m for VR content 2 days ago Travis Perkins turns to IBM Cloud to improve customer experience 2 days ago Telcos and omni-channel alliance comes to UK 3 days ago Cloud forces data centre traffic into the zettabyte era 3 days ago Facebook’s Zuckerberg claims fake news on site did not swing Trump victory 3 days ago Making a plan for a data breach – digital protection 3 days ago IBM Watson to find out why cancer becomes drug registant 3 days ago Fitbit denies takeover bid rumours 3 days ago London tech jobs to grow by a fifth despite Brexit 3 days ago Big data successes from government and business 3 days ago Google fights back on Android in EU anti-trust case 3 days ago 75,000 data protection officers needed worldwide for GDPR 3 days ago What is Singles Day? As Alibaba breaks sales records, here’s your guide to the worlds biggest shopping event 3 days ago SSE Telecoms connects London Stock Exchange customers to over 70 data centres 3 days ago

null
Transportation BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Toyota and BMW have invested in a unique self-driving car startup BI Intelligence Oct. 10, 2016, 11:00 AM 1,901 facebook linkedin twitter email print BII See Also The startup behind these sheets wants to fix how guys treat their beds If you're new to coding, this is the programming language you should learn first See inside the $5.3 million Washington, DC, home that the Obamas will move into after they leave the White House This story was delivered to BI Intelligence IoT Briefing subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Both Toyota and BMW recently invested Nauto, a self-driving car startup focused on collecting data from cars currently on the road so that companies can leverage that data to build out their self-driving car’s technology, according to Recode. The investment was part of a larger Series A funding round that was led by Playground Global and also included Draper Nexus and Allianz Ventures. Nauto currently outfits in manually driven fleets and personal cars with cameras and sensors to gather data on driver behavior. To do so, it is seeking partnerships with fleet management firms and some automakers to equip their vehicles with Nauto’s devices. Because of this existing relationship with many fleet managers and some automakers, Nauto has a much stronger base of real-world driving data that is very appealing to automakers. Nauto will provide the Toyota and BMW aggregated and anonymized data so it can create its own autonomous driving software. Jim Adler, Toyota’s head of data and business development, told Recode that the more experience the company has in simulating real-world driving scenarios, the better positioned it will be to build out self-driving car software. The plan is to eventually have Nauto’s software built into vehicles that BMW and Toyota manufacture.  Data will give self-driving car makers an edge to better understand road conditions and driver behaviors to implement the information into an autonomous driving product. By partnering with Nauto and implementing the devices into the vehicles they create, a much wider data set of driver behavior will be able to be collected. John Greenough, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, has compiled a detailed report on self-driving cars that examines the major strides automakers and tech companies have made to overcome the barriers currently preventing fully autonomous cars from hitting the market. Further, the report examines global survey results showing where fully autonomous cars are highly desired. Here are some key takeaways from the report: Three barriers have been preventing fully autonomous cars from hitting the road: 1) high technological component prices; 2) varying degrees of consumer trust in the technology; and 3) relatively nonexistent regulations. However, in the past six months, there have been many advances in overcoming these barriers. Technology has been improving as new market entrants find innovative ways to expand on existing fully autonomous car technology. As a result, the price of the components required for fully autonomous cars has been dropping. Consumer trust in fully autonomous vehicle technology has increased in the past two years. California became the first US state to propose regulations. California's regulations stipulate that a fully autonomous car must have a driver behind the wheel at all times, discouraging Google's and Uber's idea of a driverless taxi system. In full, the report: Examines consumer trust in fully autonomous vehicles Identifies technological advancements that have been made in the industry Analyzes the cost of fully autonomous technology and identifies how cost is being reduced Explains the current regulations surrounding fully autonomous cars To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the emerging world of self-driving cars. Learn more: What is the Internet of Things? Definition, Industries and Companies IoT Ecosystem - Forecasts and Business Opportunities IoT Market Size, Share & Growth Forecasts IoT Trends, Growth & Predictions IoT Devices, Applications & Examples Top IoT Companies to Watch & Invest In IoT Wearable Devices & Technology How IoT Will Affect Security IoT Reports More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing iot Internet of Things self-driving cars Fully Autonomous Cars Toyota BMW facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Toyota and BMW have invested in a unique self-driving car startup Toyota and BMW have invested in a unique self-driving car startup This story was delivered to BI Intelligence IoT... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Here’s how Clark County voted in presidential race 5 takeaways after Tuesday’s election Classic Gospel Sons Quartet back with new song collection Weather Eye: This week might be right time to put on winter tires Search and rescue volunteers train alongside working dogs Election 2016: Blom, Quiring to join Clark County council Press Talk: Never forget the middle class Devastating Vanport flood focus of Vintage Books event, OPB show, more Council seeks volunteers with interest in recycling, garbage disposal Retired doctor, WWII veteran to speak Red Cross volunteer meets family she’d helped in crisis PORTLAND — Thanks to a mostly anonymous voice on the phone, Joyce Corier’s son, a deployed sailor, returned home in… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington State rolls past Cal, 56-21 High school scoreboard 11/13 Skyview beats Chiawana 38-28 to advance to 4A state quarterfinals Columbia River girls swim to sixth-place finish at state meet Columbia River girls soccer gets even better in win over North Kitsap Mountain View football out of state playoffs Kemp’s goals helps send Camas girls soccer to 4A semifinals Prairie volleyball sweeps its way to seventh-place finish at state No. 4 Huskies upset by USC, 26-13 Woodland volleyball sends coach Nesbitt out in style Clippers rout Trail Blazers, improve to NBA-best 7-1 LOS ANGELES — Blake Griffin had 22 points and 13 rebounds, Chris Paul added 19 points, and the Los Angeles… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories For some, Zune not gone nor forgotten Convenience over cost, millennials helping drive food delivery trend Hanjin bankruptcy delays deliveries for retailers Tech Test: Google’s smart speaker playing catch-up with Amazon’s Echo Moonlighting becoming common for all workers Boeing’s retiring boomers underscore U.S. manufacturing plight Retailers cards’ rate climb to new height Smaller companies see decline in workplace injuries and illnesses Tech company Kolau talks DIY, globalization from Vancouver Berko: Time to wash hands of Bed Bath & Beyond stock Hanjin bankruptcy delays deliveries for retailers The last Hanjin Shipping vessel dropping off goods in California has set sail from the Port of Long Beach, finally… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Beautiful Bora Bora bucket-list destination Redmayne embraces magic of Potter world Martha Stewart helps make Thanksgiving easy Check It Out: Take off with books about some high-flying heroes ‘Faithful’ mixes hope, tragedy Race for must-see TV stretches Hollywood Theatergoers exposed to latest gimmicks Yellowstone plumbing gets mapped Amy Adams an actor evolving Classic Gospel Sons Quartet back with new song collection Check It Out: Take off with books about some high-flying heroes One of aviation’s true legends passed away recently, Robert Anderson “Bob” Hoover. Considered to be one of the best pilots… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Foundation for Housing Jayne: This nation is strong enough to survive Donald Trump Will: Election a rejection of Obama legacy Ambrose: Give Trump a chance Harrop: A new era dawns with trepidation Letter: Pay heed to rural homeowners Letter: Consider the information Letter: Trump garners respect Trump unlikely to dramatically reshape Supreme Court Letter: Government is for the people Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Bigger brains = longer yawns Researchers say reflex might be way to cool busy brain By Rachel Feltman, The Washington Post Published: October 10, 2016, 6:05 AM A   A Everybody yawns. Everybody: The reflexive deep, jaw-stretching inhale followed by a pause and a forced exhalation is pretty much ubiquitous in the animal kingdom, at least among creatures with the right anatomy for it. It’s not clear why we yawn (or when our ancestors started the refreshing routine) but many scientists believe the action serves to cool down the brain. Brains use a lot of energy, and they run hot. Inhaling a rush of cool, ambient air chills the blood, and the widening of the jaw sends a nice blast of that breezy blood into the brain. A new study in Biology Letters could add further support to this popular theory. If bigger yawns produce a greater cooling effect, the study authors hypothesized, then animals with bigger brains — and therefore more brain tissue to cool down — would produce more sustained yawns. Their data suggests that this is indeed the case. Forget the dream of having big brains and brawn; big brains and yawn is much cooler. Led by Andrew Gallup of the State University of New York at Oneonta, who has long investigated this possible brain-cooling mechanism, researchers studied 29 mammals whose brain weights had been documented in a previous paper. They tracked down videos of these animals yawning — mostly on YouTube — to calculate the average length of their yawns. When the team crunched the numbers, they found that brain weight and “cortical neuron number” — the number of brain cells in the outer layer known as the cortex — were reliable predictors of yawn length, more reliable than total body size or relative brain size. Gorillas, camels, horses, lions, walruses and African elephants were all found to have shorter yawns than humans despite their massive sizes, which makes sense because their brains are smaller than ours. In other words, the length of a yawn doesn’t seem to correlate to the size of your body. It seems to correlate to the size of your brain. “Consistent with these results, we also found that primates tend to have longer and more variable yawn durations compared with other mammals,” the study authors write, even though some of the nonprimates they studied opened their jaws wider. “If yawning cools certain parts of the brain, it makes sense that larger brains with more cortical neurons require longer yawns and more influx of air,” Elainie Alenkaer Madsen of Lund University, who was not involved in the new study, told the Atlantic. “It’s a very nice and intuitive finding.” Not all scientists are convinced that yawns exist to cool the brain. Yawns have a tendency to be contagious, even among nonhuman animals — and there’s some evidence that yawns are more catching among animals that experience empathy for patient zero of the yawn epidemic. Because of this strange social reflex, some researchers believe that yawns are actually some kind of communicative signal — something that evolved for psychological reasons, not physiological ones. But the answer might be somewhere in the middle: Perhaps all animals developed yawns to keep ever-expanding brains cooled down, and only humans and their closest kin have developed a secondary emotional use for the reflex. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
﻿ Embracing the Artificial Intelligence Mind-Set Without Losing the Human Touch | SalesAndMarketing.com Hello Visitor! Log In or Register Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Media Kit RSS        Homepage Closers SMM Connect Advertise FREE Webinars Archive DIRECTORIES Digital Issues Enews SUBSCRIBE    Print Embracing the Artificial Intelligence Mind-Set Without Losing the Human Touch Article | Sun, 10/09/2016 - 23:00 by: Mike Restivo Traditional salespeople need to learn that what they say doesn’t always go. But they would be forgiven for holding onto this mind-set, especially if they started their careers in the 1980s and 90s, when sales success was, by and large, deemed to be dependent on instinct, gut feelings, and a natural ability to forecast customer trends. The reality is that, until recently, the majority of salespeople have been starved of useful, coherent information about their customers. Greater Data In 2016, more and more companies are turning toward artificial intelligence (AI), facilitated by customer relationship management (CRM) technology, to inform and support the sales process. Broadly speaking, AI refers to the development of machines and computer systems capable of performing actions which normally require human intelligence. While AI is helping engineers to build human robots and doctors to produce more accurate diagnoses, for sales and marketing professionals, the primary benefits are tied to the automated capture and analysis of customer data. It’s easy to see why: upper management teams are putting increasing pressure on salespeople to validate their claims using accurate customer data. And automated data capture is quite frankly more reliable than the manual data captured by humans. The gradual shift away from instinct and guesswork toward accurate, data-driven decision making is creating efficiencies in many different professions. Old-school London black cab drivers would once swear by their knowledge of that city’s busy, maze-like streets. Now, GPS often proves them wrong, but it at least means they can get more customers to their destinations, faster. Accurate data capture is even more useful when facilitated by transparent systems. Community based navigation apps, such as Waze, enable users to help each other by sharing real-time information about traffic and road conditions in their area. The process of using GPS is therefore made simpler and more transparent for more people. The same principle applies to CRM. If your system of choice is both accurate and transparent, people within your sales and marketing teams will want to adopt it. More users mean more customer data, and more customer data ultimately means more reliable insights into up- and cross-selling opportunities. However, adopting front-end CRM technology is easier said than done. There is a duty on the part of upper management to ensure staff understand the benefits of using certain systems and, perhaps more importantly, to manage their expectations of what the technology actually can, or should, do for them. They need to communicate that while adoption can be a long process, once systems are up and running the time for realizing value is very quick. This is especially true for CRMs that can be easily integrated with complementary software. Healthy, Human Selling There is also a duty on the part of end-users to understand that data is not a replacement for the ‘human touch’ of sales, but rather something that informs and supports it. While it was difficult for salespeople several decades ago to accurately predict customer buying patterns without data, it was difficult for them to add the ‘human touch’ to customer interactions for the same reason. Modern CRMs automatically track and analyze data from phone calls and emails to help salespeople understand how individual customers think and behave, which in turn enables them to improve the personalization of both their sales and non-sales communications.  AI doesn’t mean the end of sales with the ‘human touch’ – far from it. For the companies that embrace radical transparency and company-wide adoption, tools like automated data capture and predictive analytics will become the foundation of a new customer-centric culture. Responsibility for customer relationships will transcend sales and marketing teams as staff at all levels capture vital information – whether related to new business opportunities or existing relationships – that may otherwise have fallen under the radar. Changing traditional sales culture isn’t quick or easy, but AI is speeding up the process. Think of it like using a FitBit: as you exercise, you capture more information to help you improve your exercise routine in the future, and improving your exercise routine makes your healthier in the long term. In the same way, intelligent, data-driven CRM is driving a healthier, more efficient approach to sales. Mike Restivo is the senior vice president of global sales at Bullhorn, a provider of cloud-based software for relationship-driven business activities.   STOP buying your incentives, rewards, business gifts and gift cards at retail!         Instead, contact the local and national reps who represent the “Special” or “Corporate” Markets divisions of the leading brands. They understand your needs and are able to deliver solutions that work. They not only have the latest products and greatest brands, they also have great ideas on building exciting, performance-enhancing programs and often offer special pricing. Need a plumber?  Call a plumber.   Need incentive merchandise and gift cards?   Call these professionals... Find incentive merchandise suppliers Find incentive gift card suppliers     SMM-GoalQuest Featured Whitepaper Commitment is Key to Motivation: The Surprising Power of Self-Selected Goals DOWNLOAD NOW! Advertise with the brand your customers and prospects know (138,110) SMMConnect Complimentary Webinars (128,044) SMMConnect (125,142) RSS Feeds List (122,957) Managing for Keeps: 3 Common Mistakes Sales Managers Make (106,811) A Sales Optimization Strategy: Sales Enablement (98,848) 10 Essentials for Successful Trade Show Exhibiting (98,279) A Case for Sales Enablement (96,574) Talk is money (94,730) Managing A Prima Donna Salesperson (93,157)   1 of 306 ›› more  Learn about SMM's Webinar opportunities:   FREE Whitepapers...   n/a Terms of Use Privacy Statement Subscribe  
This Week’s Front Page News Local News State News National News Business/Financial Lifestyle Education Lifestyles Religion Sports Local Sports Advice Point Of View Submit A Letter To The Editor e-Edition Search Sunday, November 13, 2016 About Us Advertise With Us Editorial Format Subscribe Classifieds Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password The Toledo Journal This Week’s Front Page News Local News State News National News Business/Financial Lifestyle Education Lifestyles Religion Sports Local Sports Advice Point Of View Submit A Letter To The Editor e-Edition Home Advice Ask Dr. Sam Advice Ask Dr. Sam By Online Editor - October 11, 2016 389 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter How to love your woman    Women want men who understand them emotionally and psychologically. If a man can create an emotional connection by truly trying to understand a woman, most women will have no problem responding to this kind of man and she will see him as the man of her dreams. Love and intimacy are what most women desire, however, experiencing this is rare. Loving women the way they want to be loved is paramount. For example, when a woman says, “I feel like I can tell you anything,” most of the time an emotional connection has been made. Every woman is unique and precious in her own right.  In order to know what a woman wants you have to know the character traits she values. She may like ambition, humor, or intelligence. If your traits match what she values it will be easier for her to connect with you emotionally. Women want and need harmony in their relationships. Women could be doing great in their professional life, but if their love life is not right, they are miserable.  A woman’s love is a nonstop reality, even when she is not showing it. When women are in love they want to invest time and energy into the relationship by talking to their man, spending time with him and creating plans with him. If you can understand how creating plans and special memories allows a woman to emotionally connect and build intimacy with you, then you will have no problem making the relationship feel special and everlasting for her. Women’s happiness should be a No. 1 priority. Women desire to be appreciated, loved and adored by the man they love. Most women want emotional safety and to be valued, because this unlocks the heart and soul of women. She has to trust the love she feels is real. Question 1) Dear Dr. Sam, I am always trying to get to know my wife better so I can make her happy, can you give me any word of advice on accomplishing this task? (Stan, 37) Answer) Dear Stan, If you read my commentary the information in it is priceless. Start from there also and keep communicating with her on these levels emotionally, spiritually, physically, mentally, and sexually. Question 2) Dear Dr. Sam, How do I get my husband to learn me better? (Janice, 31) Answer) Dear Janice, Teach him. If you have a great and open man show him what you like, help him understand how you feel and tell him where you want to go. If your man loves you he will be open and wanting to make you happy. www.sammallette.com For answers to Ask Dr. Sam, question of the day, speaking engagements, or questions and responses go to www.sammallette.com. Check out my site for everything from new updates, consulting, relationships, business, sex, manhood, empowering women, and health/wellness just to name a few. I am hosting the national show “TCT Alive” and co-hosting the show “Celebrate” on the TCT network. Celebrate every Thursday live 8pm-9pm Check local listings. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleThe Champ, Robert Easter Jr. honored at former high school, Bowsher Next articleNEW BREED Softball Team shows appreciation for their coaches Online Editor http://thetoledojournal.co RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Advice Ask Dr. Sam [Will you ever learn?] Events Komen Northwest Ohio and Center of Hope Community Baptist Church Host Women’s Empowerment Day in honor of Breast Cancer Survivors and Caregivers Advice Ask Dr. Sam LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Related Stories Laborers Local 500 honors retirees Shawn Reid’s new book has powerful positive images for children of color Ask Dr. Sam [Will you ever learn?] Komen Northwest Ohio and Center of Hope Community Baptist Church Host Women’s Empowerment Day in honor of Breast Cancer Survivors and Caregivers Connect with us! The Toledo Journal is Northwest Ohio's Oldest African-American Owned Newspaper. We are a National Black Chamber of Commerce award winning newspaper that campaigns for advocacy, justice, equal rights and inclusion for African-American citizens in Toledo, Ohio. Contact us: toljour@aol.com POPULAR POSTS Black girls rock; Toledo’s only all-girl elementary robotics team February 12, 2016 TARTA 2016 schedule updates June 3, 2016 Stewart Academy for Girls, a Date with a Princess: Father and... February 19, 2016 POPULAR CATEGORY Top Stories106 Lifestyle90 Local News87 Events81 Lifestyles56 News54 Education36 Religion15 Subscribe Advertise With Us Payments Contact Us Web Development by Silver Lining Concierge, LLC © Copyright 2016 - All Rights Reserved |The Toledo Journal
Home Primetime Movies USA News UK News Latest News Most Read News (Today) Most Read (30days) Mobile Show Menu ~Home News Top Stories General Breaking News Crime/Legal Hausa Business Finance Showtime Nollywood Music Videos Celebrities AMAA Music Artists Politics Government Sports Soccer Odd World USA News Canada News UK News International Photos Video Movies Gossips Popular Links: Buhari Football EFCC Boko Haram Trending Nigerian Names Politics Home | News | General | Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe AY set to break another record with his new movie "A Trip To Jamaica" Buhari has good intentions for Nigeria, but he is surrounded by saboteurs – Waku Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe Mandy Oteng 11/10/2016 04:37:00 4 0 View Comments A Nigerian judge rolled on the floor, begged the Department of State Service (DSS) boss Mr. Lawan Daura when confronted with evidence that he got more than N500million bribe. The judge refused to unlock the safe in his house for DSS operatives to have access to its contents, a source told The Nation newspaper. The DSS, which plans to take possession of the safe to uncover its contents, is said to have been questioning bank directors over links with some of the judges. The source said: “Corruption in the Judiciary was based on our intelligence gathering and alerts from informants and petitions. It is not based on the perception of Nigerians. We have been on the trail of some of these judges in the last few months. “For instance, we started probing one of the seven judges in detention (now released) since the Ramadan period of 2015. When we got sufficient intelligence on him, bordering on over N500million bribe, we invited him. “The judge was given a copy of our report on him. By the time he read it halfway, he prostrated, held the legs of the security chief and begged for forgiveness. We captured the way he was reeling on the floor. “We later sent a security brief on him to the National Judicial Council (NJC) with enough evidence. But he was cleared by the NJC as having committed no wrong. Since the NJC could not do the needful, we have decided to subject him to a judicial process”. (The Nation) Rate this article 0 CLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM: General   Article "tagged" as: No tags for this article view more articles About Article Author Webby View More Articles Related Articles Mammoth Crowd Fills Edo Stadium As Obaseki Is Sworn In As Edo State Governor Leak Video: Popular Church Minister Caught N@ked Having S3x With Another Man In Delta Ex-Beauty Queen, Chidinma Okeke Finally Opens Up On Her S3x Tape Scandal Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest Nigeria News 6 Guaranteed Politicians Tinubu Would Rely On As APC Crisis Thickens Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta Breaking: Cultists On Rampage,15 Feared Dead In Rivers TOUCHING! Meet The 'Okada Man' Who Has No Fingers On His Hands (Photos) SAD!Pregnant Woman Dies, Daughter Husband Injured In Car Crash Fatal Accident Along Benin Highway Leaves 20 Dead (Photos) Ghastly Accident At Ikeja-Along This Morning (Photo) SAD! Naked Corpses Of Rape Victims Dumped In Ikorodu, Lagos (Graphic Photos) Top 5 Deadliest Bank Robberies Across Nigeria In 2015 (Photos) Notorious Armed Robbers Police Arrested In Port Harcourt (Photo) SAD: Vehicle Crushes 4 Year Old Girl In Mother’s Shop In Lagos Cult Members Kill 2 Traders Over Toll Ooni of Ife’s Coronation Ceremony Begins (Photos) Prostitution In Nigeria: 3500 Male Sex Workers Discovered In Abuja Deplorable State Of Nigerians Deported From The UK Murtala Muhammed’s Uncle, Magajin Garin Kano, Dies At 98 Funny! Driver Fakes Own Death To Evade Fine In Calabar (Photo) Little Girl, Kehinde Adebiyi Suffering From Cancer Needs Your Help Port Harcourt As Residents Dig Up Frozen Chicken Buried By Custom Officials Wickedness! New-Born Baby Found In A Bush In Ilorin (Graphic Photos) Police Shoots Bus Driver Dead At FESTAC/Mile 2 Road, Lagos (Video) I Have Forgiven My Critics - Ooni Of Ife-Elect, Adeyeye Ogunwusi Student Shot Dead By Alleged Cultists At Imo State University Yesterday Woman Gives Birth To A 'Mystery Baby' In Lagos (Photos) Touching! One Legged Man Washing A Car While Balancing On A Stick (Video) OMG! See The Long Snake Found In A Nigerian Student's Locker (Photos) Military Pilot Who Died In Yola Plane Crash Buried (Photos) Trending Stories Lady Mandy: Popular Gay Nigerian Surfaces As Transgender 0 Four Nigerian Men Convicted Of Engaging In Homos3xual Activities Whipped Publicly 0 Polls show Nigerians support anti same-sex Bill 0 British PM David Cameron to persuade Jonathan to give equal rights to gays and lesbians 0 Britain may suspend aid to Nigeria over Gay bill 0 show all articles Top Stories Borno State Commissioner Dies In Maiduguri 0 2 New Senators Take Oath Of Office 0 Famous American Singer Shares His Touching Experience With A Kenyan Beggar 0 Renewed Hostilities: Niger Deltans Say No To Avengers 0 Imo Governor Okorocha Gifts Wife With New State Appointment 0 I Can?t Predict When Recession Will End Says Finance minister 0 NYSC: Corps Member Slumps, Dies After Party With Colleagues 0 Properties Worth N1.5bn Traced To Goodluck Jonathan?s Aide 0 Buhari Spent 6million On Ear InfectionTtreatment In The UK 0 President Buhari Has Lost His Memory Says Fani-Kayode 0 Boko Haram Releases New Video, Threaten To Capture Buhari 0 Emir Sanusi Buys new N132m Rolls Royce For Sallah 0 Dear Avengers, You Are Worse Than Boko Haram, Your Religion Has Condemned You 0 Gunmen Abduct Catholic Priest In Delta 0 show all articles More from General See the Nigerian Churches you need to run away from and why (photos) Buhari lacks any idea to revive the country’s economy - Fayose US blocks Nigeria from buying aircraft to fight Boko Haram Former Miss Anambra beauty queen opens up on s.e.x scandal FG spends N750b on infrastructure in five months - Adeosun show all articles Popular Articles PHOTOS: Abdulmumin Jibrin Receives Anti-corruption Award In London Live Commentary: Nigeria vs Algeria Donald Trump snubs President Buhari, calls other world leaders (SEE list) Chinese model Sun Wei marries in backless wedding dress and incredible train See the Nigerian Churches you need to run away from and why (photos) Recommended See Davido's New Look On The Red Carpet With Sister In Los Angeles What Has Nigeria Done For You And What Have You Done For Nigeria? D'banj Wins Entertainment Icon Of The Year Award In London LifeStyle Articles Economic S3x: 1 Important Thing To Remember Apply Perfume On This Body Part if You Want It To Last All Day All Men Must Know This: The Best Way To Touch A Woman?s Breasts 3 Insanely Easy Ways To FLIRT With A Girl That Will Make Her Fall Ffor You 7 Times When S3x Is The Answer To Your Problem 4 SimpleThings Your Nigerian Husband Will Never Do For You Bauchi Parents Withdraw Daughters From School To Generate Marriage Capital When Two Good-Looking Police Officers Get Married,See What Happen (photo news) Do You Have Low Penis Esteem? Learn The Cure For It Now Help: My Woman Does This Strange Thing During S3x Most Read Articles See the Nigerian Churches you need to run away from and why (photos) The rate at which religion tends to find its way into virtually all that we do, has become very alarming. However, the issue is not with London-bound Thomas Cook plane makes emergency landing after flying into 50 STORKS WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENTThe Thomas Cook Airbus A321 was carrying 170 passengers from GambiaIt landed safely despite both engines and the landing gear being damaged By Annabel Fenwick Conor McGregor makes history at UFC 205 after becoming first dual weight world champion following brutal second round KO of Eddie Alvarez Conor McGregor wins the lightweight title after second round KO of Eddie Alvarez at UFC 205 in New YorkMcGregor became the first UFC dual weight Dave Chappelle performs biting, profanity-laden monologue on SNL Iconic comedian Dave Chapelle delivered a scathing monologue on SNL'I didn’t know Donald Trump was going to win… I did suspect it,’ he said 'I'm Donald Trump Jr celebrates wedding anniversary with a trip to watch UFC Donald Trump Jr took wife, Vanessa, to watch UFC at MSG Saturday night The couple was celebrating their 11-year wedding anniversary  Trump posted photos of he and show all articles Latest Comments Latest Photo Galleries Godwin Obaseki Sworn In As Edo Governor (Photos) Godwin Obaseki has been sworn in as Edo state governor in a colour ceremony attended by people from all walks of life See photos:         View gallery 9 Photos Leak Photos: Lagos Pornstar Releases Eye Popping Photos And Video With His N@ked Girls Popular Nigerian porn film actor producer identified only as King T.blak who is the founder and CEO of H.O.C Lifestyle, has taken to his social View gallery 9 Photos World News Perrence Shiri tells corrupt Moyo 'to man up and face the music' - crow forgetting itself 0 EcoCash and WorldRemit unveiled as Headline Sponsors for ZAA US 0 Zimbabweans campaign against UK visa refusal 0 show all articles Popular Articles Live Commentary: Nigeria vs Algeria 0 See the Nigerian Churches you need to run away from and why (photos) 0 Hillary Clinton 'inconsolable' after losing US election to Donald Trump 0 show all articles Latest News Try this dumbbell chest exercise to strengthen chest muscles and perk up your cleavage  0 Janet Ellis' daughter’s twins were conceived using donor sperm 0 How to dress like a grown-up: Stay dry and fashionable as you prepare for winter 0 show all articles © 2009 - Copyright Onlinenigeria.com. All Rights reserved.
Menu About Contact More Menu 1 Menu 2 Menu 3 Menu 4 Menu twitter facebook google rss linkedin dribbble pinterest Menu Home About Nigeria Decides Sports Entertainment Music Lifestyle Fashion Metro World Update Opinion Videos Latest Nigeria News Latest News in Nigeria World Update Nigerians in Diaspora Search Home » Latest News in Nigeria » Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe Judge rolls on the floor, begs DSS boss over N500million bribe 10:37 AM 6 Latest News in Nigeria A+ A- Print Email A Nigerian judge rolled on the floor, begged the Department of State Service (DSS) boss Mr. Lawan Daura when confronted with evidence that he got more than N500million bribe. The judge refused to unlock the safe in his house for DSS operatives to have access to its contents, a source told The Nation newspaper. The DSS, which plans to take possession of the safe to uncover its contents, is said to have been questioning bank directors over links with some of the judges. The source said: “Corruption in the Judiciary was based on our intelligence gathering and alerts from informants and petitions. It is not based on the perception of Nigerians. We have been on the trail of some of these judges in the last few months. “For instance, we started probing one of the seven judges in detention (now released) since the Ramadan period of 2015. When we got sufficient intelligence on him, bordering on over N500million bribe, we invited him. “The judge was given a copy of our report on him. By the time he read it halfway, he prostrated, held the legs of the security chief and begged for forgiveness. We captured the way he was reeling on the floor. “We later sent a security brief on him to the National Judicial Council (NJC) with enough evidence. But he was cleared by the NJC as having committed no wrong. Since the NJC could not do the needful, we have decided to subject him to a judicial process”. (The Nation) Share to: Next Newer Post Previous Older Post Post a Comment Default Disqus nigerianeye 218168578325095 AnonymousOctober 11, 2016 at 10:52 AM Media trial all the time. Release the evidence and not the rumour.ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 11, 2016 at 12:30 PM "When we got sufficient intelligence on him" How come you never get sufficient intelligence on Boko Haram sponsors? you leave your core functions and chasing shadows ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 11, 2016 at 2:01 PM U mean they should release the evidence to u on the pages of paper?ppl like u no nothing n are not ready to learn how thing work,anyway majority of our youths are comfortable with perversive lifeReplyDelete Olawale RahimOctober 11, 2016 at 7:59 PM Jutheifairy or judiciary! God will surely deliver us in this nigeria!ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 12, 2016 at 7:05 AM I salute the astuteness of the DSS for this action of theirs and hope it will continue like this in all sector of corruptive life. Kudos and more greater stride to the rejuvenated SSS.ReplyDelete AnonymousOctober 12, 2016 at 11:36 AM Mumu dss mumu buhari mumu apc ReplyDelete Add comment Load more... Nigeria News Comments are Moderated. Clean Comments will be swiftly approved. No swear words, no racism, allowed. Subscribe to: Post Comments (Atom) Popular nigeria news Comments Archive   Looking for nigerian newspapers online, Visit NigerianEye, Your Online nigeria newspaper for nigeria news today, check nigeria news online at NigerianEye.com, for summary of nigerian newspapers today nollywood news today, Sports News and More Nigeria News Today. Your online Nigerian Newspaper © 2013. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Blogger Top
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Drivers How China's biggest search engine aims to fix a huge crisis in health care: A bot Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Tuesday, 11 Oct 2016 | 5:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES VCG | Getty Images Robin Li, founder, chairman and CEO of Baidu, introduces the new AI-powered digital assistant 'Duer' during the 2015 Baidu Technology Innovation Conference on September 8, 2015 in Beijing, China. Baidu — China's biggest search engine — introduced an artificial intelligence-powered chatbot on Tuesday to connect with patients, field medical questions and suggest diagnoses to doctors. The company is calling the bot — a new feature of the Baidu Doctor app it launched last year — Melody the medical assistant. Baidu has developed advanced deep learning and natural language processing technologies to power Melody's artificially intelligent "brain." The bot is designed to be the first port of call for a person feeling sick at home. A patient poses a health query to Melody, which responds in real time with further questions, and compares responses with Baidu's database of medical information. All that data gets crunched, and Melody then poses a possible diagnosis to a doctor who can then recommend next steps. Artificial intelligence is seen as one way to help compensate for the global dearth of qualified medical professionals, a problem experts predict will only get worse. There will be a global shortfall of almost 13 million health-care professionals within two decades, according to the World Health Organization. "I don't know how else to solve this problem other than to use AI," said Andrew Ng, chief scientist at Baidu Research. "I'm seeing just the beginnings of what will be a major trend of AI systems in health care." Baidu has built a 1,000-person team to work on AI, which Ng said is one of the company's top priorities. The app will launch in China — the world's biggest smartphone market — along with doctor and health-care organization partners. The company is in talks with health-care organizations in the U.S. and Europe, said Ng. "This is resonating well with physicians around the world," he said. AI is shaping up to be one of 2016's hottest areas of innovation. Amazon, Apple, Google, Facebook and Samsung are all investing heavily in this area — building giant teams of data scientists internally and through acquisitions. Since AI's success hinges on access data, it is these giant tech platforms that will ultimately control the market. For Melody's artificial intelligence, Baidu drew on data from a number of public and private sources, including medical textbooks, medical websites — which have gathered a vast array of back and forth conversations between doctors and patients and search queries — as well as search queries and information supplied by doctors. It then applied deep learning to all that health data in order to make sense of it. "That's at the heart of Melody," said Ng. For example, a person may say something like "my son is feeling under the weather" instead of "my son has the flu." Melody would know to ask follow up questions about symptoms to figure out what type of illness the patient may be suffering. To decipher the complexities of natural language, Baidu's computers have consumed huge volumes of text and applied artificial intelligence. Over time — as Melody has more conversations with patients and doctors and gathers with more data — it will get better at knowing the right questions to ask patients and suggesting possible diagnoses, said Ng. Melody is not ready to make diagnoses directly to patients, said Ng. In fact, this type of technology is a long way from replacing human physicians with robo-doctors, he said. "Right now, given the global shortage of health-care workers, in this next period of time the focus should be on helping," he said. The widespread availability of powerful computers and increasingly large volume of digital health-care data mean now is the time for AI to disrupt the industry, said Ng. China has been way ahead in terms of delivering goods and services via apps and employing chatbots in an array of roles, so Chinese consumers are already quite comfortable with chatting with AI powered bots. Still, in light of high profile health-care data breaches, some consumers are likely to be wary of sharing too much health information with Melody and Baidu, and open up their records to potential bad actors. Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BIDU --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
﻿ > ledauphine.com > Isère-Sud > Grenoble Actualités A la Une Où skier ce week-end Élections américaines Fil info Votre météo Pour sortir Le Dauphiné Libéré des Enfants Départements Ain Alpes de Haute-Provence Hautes-Alpes Ardèche Drôme Sud Isère Nord Isère Savoie Haute-Savoie Vaucluse Communes France / Monde A la Une Environnement Santé Transports Politique Economie Entreprises Société Info light Faits Divers A la Une Alpes de Haute-Provence Hautes-Alpes Ardèche Drôme Sud-Isère Nord-Isère Savoie Haute-Savoie Vaucluse Sports A la Une Football Classement/résultats L1 OM OL ASSE L.1 Amateurs International Rugby FCG CSBJ Top 14 Pro D2 Amateurs XV de France Hockey Briancon Chamonix-Morzine Gap Grenoble Cyclisme Tour de France Critérium du Dauphiné Basket/Hand/Volley Aix Chambery Sports mécaniques F1 Rallye Moto Automobile SkiChrono Départementaux Drôme-Ardèche Hautes-Alpes Haute-Savoie Nord-Isère Savoie Sud-Isère Vaucluse Montagne A la Une Où skier ce week-end Guide des stations Météo et Bulletin d'enneigement Skichrono Votre Compte Connexion Inscription GRENOBLE / MOIRANS Smart & Blue sélectionnée par l’incubateur Green Tech verte Gabriel Della-Monica, président et fondateur de l’entreprise Smart & Blue, présente à Ségolène Royal son pommeau de douche intelligent. Photo DR   Gabriel Della-Monica, président et cofondateur de l'entreprise Smart & Blue tient son pommeau de douche intelligent. Photo C.C.  C.C. / La start-up iséroise, qui a mis au point le pommeau de douche intelligent Hydrao, a été sélectionnée par le ministère de l’Environnement pour intégrer l’incubateur Green Tech verte, en région parisienne. Mais Smart & Blue entend rester grenobloise. Elle fait partie des 37 start-up lauréates de la Green Tech verte qui peuvent rejoindre l’incubateur créé début septembre par la ministre de l’Environnement Ségolène Royal, en région parisienne. Smart & Blue va bénéficier d’une subvention de 150 000 euros pour développer son pommeau de douche intelligent. Hydrao indique, par un jeu de lumière, le nombre de litres d’eau utilisés en temps réel (la couleur rouge signifiant par exemple que l’on a dépassé les 30 litres d’eau). Connecté à une application sur smartphone, il aide l’utilisateur à gérer ses consommations d’eau. « Le label du ministère de l’Environnement et le label French Tech, que nous possédons aussi, nous offrent une visibilité pour approcher des distributeurs, affirme Gabriel Della-Monica, président et fondateur de Smart & Blue. Nous avons discuté avec Ségolène Royal de la possibilité d’aborder les marchés publics, en équipant les HLM et les collectivités. » Grâce à l’incubateur, la start-up va aussi pouvoir obtenir des conseils d’experts, des formations… Mais pas question de quitter les Alpes. « Les composants que nous utilisons viennent de STMicroelectronics Grenoble dont je suis un ancien salarié. L’incubateur nous offre un bureau à Paris et nous aurons accès à toutes les statistiques du ministère de l’Environnement autour de l’eau, des habitudes des consommations des habitants, etc. Cela nous permettra de créer d’autres produits, comme un robinet intelligent. » UNE FILIALE AUX ÉTATS-UNIS ET UNE LEVÉE DE FONDS Depuis mai, la start-up a vendu entre 2 000 et 3 000 pièces sur son site internet. Elles sont aussi vendues dans des magasins Leroy Merlin, et bientôt dans les rayons de certaines enseignes Carrefour. Mi-octobre, Smart & Blue va sortir une nouvelle version d’Hydrao, plus design. Elle envisage début 2017 une levée de fonds de 1,5 à deux millions d’euros. « Nous avons besoin de développer une force commerciale et d’aller à l’international. Nous allons ouvrir une filiale à Boston. Le marché est immense. » Son objectif est d’atteindre au minimum le million d’euros de chiffre d’affaires l’année prochaine. SMART & BLUE EN BREF ACTIVITÉ : conception d’un pommeau de douche intelligent CRÉATION : 2015 IMPLANTATIONS : Moirans (siège social), Grenoble (hébergement chez STMicroelectronics) CHIFFRE D’AFFAIRES : non significatif EFFECTIFS : 7 salariés RÉSULTAT NET : NC RÉPARTITION DU CAPITAL : détenu en majorité par le fondateur et des investisseurs Par Caroline CHALOIN | Publié le 11/10/2016 à 06:10 Vos commentaires Vous souhaitez poster un commentaire, cliquez ici. Connectez-vous pour laisser un commentaire Se connecter Pour accéder à votre espace personnel, vous devez fournir un identifiant et un mot de passe. Email Mot de passe Rester connecté Mot de passe oublié pas encore inscrit Tags Isère-Sud Grenoble Moirans Economie et Finance Entreprises Isère Copyright 2014 © Le Dauphiné Libéré
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Email to the Editor Login   | Create Account Logout  |   Profile   |  Subscribe Follow Login New Account Logout Profile Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations Hillary: Face of a sociopath Published: 10/10/2016 at 7:36 PM That wasn’t a debate Sunday night; it was a showpiece for sociopathic behavior. It wasn’t just that Hillary Clinton wants to be president but dressed like a slob for the debate, it was that no matter what was said, she had the same expression on her face. It was bizarre to see Trump call her a liar to her face, say that she is full of hatred in her heart, level truth after truth at her – and she NEVER showed any emotion. She didn’t flinch when he told her that he’d appoint a special prosecutor to investigate her crimes if he becomes president. She came back with the same smile, the same superior affect, and blatantly and smoothly told lie after lie. One of the trademarks of a sociopath is the ability to tell a lie believably. If you didn’t know that all the things she said were lies, you would fall for her and think she was a fine, intelligent and coherent person. I worked as an RN in jails for six years and dealt with hundreds of sociopaths. I have never seen a better display. Clinton was so smooth, so unemotional, so confident that anything she said would be swallowed. What that indicates is a coldness, a lack of emotion internally, a calculated and practiced ability to create a mask of believability to her lies. It clearly upset Trump. His posture walking off the stage and greeting his family was extremely tense – anger generated by someone who simply didn’t care what he said. “Hellery” has the trait of a sociopath that people have the same value as objects; they are things to be used. She has the same regard for people as she does a toaster. She knows how to manipulate and use the right words, eye contact and expressions to gain people’s confidence. But if she wants to sell 400 shoulder-fired missiles to Muslims and you request better security 600 times and then are attacked, you become expendable like those men in Benghazi. At the debate Trump devastated Clinton after a slow start. And her walking around parroting lies when she knew they were lies, the audience knew they were lies, and she obviously knew they knew she was lying but kept right on saying them, tells you what she is loud and clear. You may complain about the “moderators”; you might complain about several other things, but to me all that fades behind this horror, this cold, emotionless monster that wants absolute power over America. Oh my God. Sunday you witnessed something significant, and it left me with nightmares. Clinton would have the same smile on her face if Iran launched a missile and it killed a million people. Tonight you saw a sociopath in action. Your future means absolutely nothing to her. Trump must win. Bob Schatan Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2016. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Time.com MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Motto Entertainment Science Newsfeed Living Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Ideas Parents TIME Labs Money LIFE The Daily Cut Photography Videos TIME Shop Press Room The 100 Most Influential People American Voices Next Generation Leaders The Ensemble Effect Person of the Year 2015 Top of the World A Year In Space Subscribe Newsletters Feedback Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Ad Choices RSS TIME Apps TIME for Kids Advertising Reprints and Permissions Site Map Help Customer Service © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Ideas MY ACCOUNT SIGN IN SIGN OUT SUBSCRIBE SUBSCRIBE MORE U.S. Edition U.S. Edition Europe, Middle East and Africa Edition Asia Edition South Pacific Edition Watch Scarlett Johansson in the First Trailer for Ghost in the Shell Ibuprofen May Not Be As Safe As You Think The Truth About What Alcohol Does to Your Heart Doctor Strange Dominates in Second Box Office Weekend Review: Saturday Night Live Is in Mourning, But Won’t Say Why Musician Leon Russell Dies at 74 Heart Disease Is Way Down In the U.S. Watch Kate McKinnon Sing ‘Hallelujah’ in a Powerful SNL Cold Open Watch Dave Chappelle Parody The Walking Dead on Saturday Night Live Watch Dave Chappelle’s Saturday Night Live Monologue TIME Ideas politics Donald Trump’s Wealth Is Fool’s Gold Cody Cain Oct. 7, 2016 SHARE Mike Segar—Reuters Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a campaign rally in Henderson, Nev., on Oct. 5, 2016. Cain is a writer It certainly doesn’t qualify him to be president Donald Trump wants you to believe that because he is rich, he must also be smart and therefore he is qualified to be President of the United States. Trump reinforces this message over and over again. Sometimes he says it directly. He emphasized it at his announcement that he was running for president. “I’m really rich,” he said, and “that’s the kind of mindset, that’s the kind of thinking you need for this country.” And he made certain to highlight this message again during the first presidential debate, his largest audience to date. “I built [a very small loan] into a company that’s worth many, many billions of dollars, with some of the greatest assets in the world,” he said, “and I say that only because that’s the kind of thinking that our country needs.” At other times he is more sly. He frequently holds campaign events surrounded by images of his wealth. He gives interviews from his gilded penthouse apartment, stages rallies with his private jet featured prominently in the background, and holds campaign events in his luxury hotels and golf clubs. Trump, who has no experience in government, has based his entire candidacy upon the notion that he is rich. Admittedly, it is tempting to believe that someone who is rich must also be smart. After all, we have been told that our system is based upon merit such that those who work the hardest and possess the greatest ability will be rewarded the most financially. But we all know that the system is not always fair. Sometimes people stumble into wealth without possessing any sort of enhanced intelligence or ability at all, such as by winning the lottery, receiving a large inheritance or unwittingly discovering oil in their back yard. To be sure, it must be said that no one knows the truth about how much Trump is actually worth. Trump has claimed that he is worth more than $10 billion, but Bloomberg estimated his wealth at $3 billion. The real question is whether he made all this money by being smart. It seems quite plausible that Trump owes his fortune to a single factor: dumb luck. For Trump, his good fortune began with his inheritance. Trump’s father was a multi-millionaire, and Trump benefitted tremendously from the enormous advantage of being born into wealth and privilege. He also had the good fortune of being able to piggyback on his father’s already established business in real estate. His father’s business was responsible for Trump landing his first major project of developing the Grand Hyatt hotel on 42nd Street in Manhattan. This was the project that established Trump in his own right and essentially gave rise to his career. Trump acknowledges the benefit of his father, but he claims that it was his own genius that enabled him to take what he inherited from his father and expand it into a multi-billion dollar empire. Yet Trump’s success seems to have been derived far more from the underlying circumstances and market conditions than from any specific business acumen exercised by Trump. Trump did not invent or discover anything new; he just went into the established family business and got lucky. The value of Trump’s real estate assets did indeed increase dramatically. But it is difficult to attribute this wealth to anything specific about Trump. Trump began his carrier in the late 1970s and early 1980s just when the nation was beginning a financial recovery from the recession of the earlier 1970s. The nation experienced a temporary boom during the 1980s that included an increase in the value of luxury real estate, in part due to the appalling tax cuts for the wealthy granted by President Ronald Reagan. This broad market increase helped create Trump’s fortune. And when the market turned and went down in the early 1990s, guess what happened to Trump? Well, he went down, too. In fact, he was wiped-out. He never saw it coming. Several years later, the market came roaring back, especially for the wealthy. So Trump recovered as well. This is when Trump wrote his book, Trump: The Art of the Comeback, and claimed credit for his own revival. Over the course of Trump’s career, he has made some horrendous decisions. For example, he purchased the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan for top dollar at the worst time in 1988 right before the dramatic market collapse that wiped him out. In another example, he began a new business, Trump Mortgage, that provided residential mortgages right before the dramatic collapse of the national mortgage market that kicked-off the financial crisis of 2008. The business failed. When Trump attempted to branch out into other business areas outside of real estate, he also made plenty of bad decisions. He had casinos in Atlantic City end up in bankruptcy. He was forced by his creditors to sell off his airline. He shut down his ill-fated Trump University in the face of private and governmental fraud lawsuits. And he left a string of other business failures in his wake as well, like the Trump board game and the Trump travel site. This certainly does not sound like any sort of a business wunderkind. “I’m very, very, very intelligent,” Trump has insisted, in one of his countless attempts at convincing other people that he is smart. Of course, genuinely smart people do not need to tell other people that they are smart, especially over and over again, because the evidence speaks for itself. Tap to read full story TIME Ideas hosts the world's leading voices, providing commentary on events in news, society, and culture. We welcome outside contributions. Opinions expressed do not necessarily reflect the views of TIME editors. Read Next Your browser is out of date. Please update your browser at http://update.microsoft.com Home U.S. Politics World Business Tech Health Science Entertainment Newsfeed Living Ideas Parents Sports History The TIME Vault Magazine Subscribe Give a Gift TIME Shop Press Room Newsletters Customer Service Site Map Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Advertising Ad Choices Careers © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP YOU BROKE TIME.COM! Dear TIME Reader, As a regular visitor to TIME.com, we are sure you enjoy all the great journalism created by our editors and reporters. Great journalism has great value, and it costs money to make it. One of the main ways we cover our costs is through advertising. The use of software that blocks ads limits our ability to provide you with the journalism you enjoy. Consider turning your Ad Blocker off so that we can continue to provide the world class journalism you have become accustomed to. The TIME Team
Subscribe to Bureau County Republican 41°FFairFull Forecast News News Home Local Business/Agriculture Meetings/Minutes Obituaries Records Corrections Sports Sports Home Local Columnists Today's Ticket Scoreboard Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Opinion Opinion Home Columnists Letters From the Editor's Desk Lifestyle Lifestyle Home More Lifestyle Education Entertainment Religion Celebrations Records/Obituaries Obituaries Police/Fire Courts Births Property Transfers Public Notices Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Letters to the Editor Place a Classified Ad Press Releases Subscribe to the Bureau County Republican Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Advertise Deals Business Showcase Contact Us Contests Coupons eEdition Follow Us Get Newsletter Lottery Newspapers in Education Photo Store Place a Classified Ad Printing Privacy Policy Reader's Choice Submit News Subscribe Subscriber Services Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest BCR Alerts Weather Username: Password:   Forgot Password?|Register News Sports Pro Football Weekly Opinion Video Lifestyle Records/Obituaries Cars815 Photo Store Public Notices eEdition Share More Jobs Wheels Classified Braboy named 21st Century Scholar Published: Tuesday, Oct. 11, 2016 4:10 p.m. CST • Updated: Tuesday, Oct. 18, 2016 5:15 p.m. CST Caption(Photo contributed) 21st Century Scholars Society finalists Aelsa Butler (left), 21st Century Scholar Gabriel Braboy, Elaine Lethiot-Cabrera, Stefan Nelson, Trevor Finnan and Ben Bejster at the awards dinner. OGLESBY — Illinois Valley Community College sophomore Gabriel Braboy of Dalzell, a 4.0 student planning to study civil engineering at the University of Illinois, was named the IVCC Foundation’s 21st Century Scholar on Sept. 15 and received $3,500 for tuition, books and fees. Finalists receiving $2,000 each at the Society’s 10th annual dinner were Ben Bejster of Peru, finance; Elaine Lethiot-Cabrera of Ottawa, nursing; Aelsa Butler of Arlington, business; Trevor Finnan of Utica, neurology; and Stefan Nelson of Princeton, engineering. Braboy, the son of Cheryl and Patrick Braboy, hopes to one day design and build roads and bridges. A Top 10 graduate of St. Bede Academy, Braboy helped pitch the Bruin baseball team to fourth place in the state in 2015. He is a leader in IVCC’s STEM and Chem clubs. He also signed up donors for blood drives, assisted with river testing and was elected sophomore representative to the Student Government Association. Since 2010, he has volunteered three weeks each summer to the Peru Catholic science camp. In his recommendation of Braboy, chemistry instructor Dr. Matthew Johll said, “In the 20 years I’ve been working with chemistry students, Gabe is among the top 2 percent. He has a rare combination of motivation, intellectual ability and work ethic.” Bejster, a sophomore outfielder for the IVCC baseball team, is a graduate of La Salle-Peru High School. The son of Tony and Kristi Bejster, he earned a 4.0 GPA his freshman year at the college while working as a math tutor and assumed leadership positions in Phi Theta Kappa and the math club Indefinite Limit. Math instructor Mary Black, who works with Bejster in the math learning lab, praised his “command of the material, kindness and listening skills,” while tutoring other students. Lethiot-Cabrera worked eight years with students with severe and profound disabilities for United Cerebral Palsy of Joliet before deciding to pursue the RN at IVCC. She earned a 4.0 in her first year in the program. A married mother of three, Lethiot-Cabrera, was nominated by nursing instructor Julie Hogue who said, “Academically, Elaine is in the top of her class and that includes nursing and pharmacology classes while caring for her family and being employed. She is an awesome student and will be a fantastic nurse.” The daughter of the late Jim Lethiot of Ottawa and Susan and Bruce Butchko of Ottawa, she plans to work in long-term care with Alzheimer’s patients. Butler, the daughter of Paul and Pamela Butler, teaches violin, viola and piano at a Princeton studio. A 4.0 GPA student, she plans to study business at Eureka College next fall. She is a former concertmaster for the Illinois Valley Youth Symphony Orchestra and is the current co-editor-in-chief for the IVCC student newspaper, The IV Leader. In his nomination, music instructor Michael Pecherek said, “Aelsa demonstrates a maturity, a demeanor and an utterly articulate manner of expressing herself.” She and her brothers will perform at IVCC’s Oct. 15 Day of the Arts as “The Butler Family Trio.” Finnan, the son of Kristal Prather of Utica and Dwayne Finnan of DeKalb, earned IVCC’s highest academic honor last spring when he was named a Thomas J. McCormack Scholar. He is involved in Phi Theta Kappa, Student Ambassadors, IV Leader, IV Sustainability, Project Success, The Student Shadow program and he helped complete an Honors Program study on the water quality in local rivers. He also does volunteer work for the Peru YMCA and the Utica Fire Department. In his nomination, English instructor Adam Oldaker said, “I fully believe Trevor will accomplish all his goals. He is just that hard working and genuinely wants to make a difference in the lives of others.” Nelson, a married father of two, spent four years in the U.S. Army Airborne Infantry and completed 30 jumps during his enlistment. His unit was one of the last to depart Iraq in December 2013. Before coming to IVCC, he transitioned to civilian life by serving two years in the National Guard and working as a carpenter. Nelson, also a Thomas J. McCormack Scholar with a 4.0 GPA, is a math tutor and is involved with the veteran’s club, PTK, STEM and Chem clubs. He plans to study mechanical engineering at Bradley next fall. He is married to Katie Nelson and is the son of Jim and Andrea Nelson of Princeton. He was nominated by math instructor Trisha Blood. The Society also awarded $500 each to 17 honorable mention winners: Breann Aubry, Utica, nursing; Kayte Bernardoni, Lostant, English; Brenda Carr, Princeton, nursing; Elias Chah, LaSalle, pharmacy; April Cullifer, LaSalle, criminal justice; Heather Davis, Princeton, nursing; Camden Dodge; Streator, history; Laura Faletti, LaSalle, psychology; Rebecca Fecht, Spring Valley, nursing; Allison Hawbaker, Mendota, piano performance; Heather McCutcheon, Ladd, nursing; Shannon McGrath, Marseilles, nursing; Alexandra Mentgen, Oglesby, nursing; Arinze Ochuba, Peru, medicine; Trupti Patel, Ottawa, nursing; Kristen Pinn, Hennepin, accounting; and Jill Wignes, Marseilles, nursing. In all, 23 students received $22,000. Since its founding in 2007, the society has awarded nearly $130,000 to 106 students. Currently made up of about 30 members each contributing $500 annually, the initiative rewards some of IVCC’s most promising returning students. To qualify, students need a minimum 3.5 GPA as well as extensive college involvement and community service. New members welcomed Sept. 15 were Art and Ellen Mueller of Ottawa and June Freebairn of rural Utica. To join the society, call Fran Brolley at 815-224-0466. Previous Page|1|2|Next Page More News October Teens of the Month recognizedNov. 11, 2016 - 4:18 pm Lusietto named DAR award winnerNov. 11, 2016 - 3:51 pm BVHS to destroy recordsNov. 9, 2016 - 3:10 pm Officer, canine dog visit JFK studentsNov. 9, 2016 - 2:52 pm Schlesinger inducted into honor societyNov. 9, 2016 - 2:51 pm Nursing admission information session announcedNov. 8, 2016 - 4:17 pm Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Princeton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Princeton Lawn Services Lawyers in Princeton Shopping in Princeton Travel to Princeton Tanning in Princeton Used Cars in Princeton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Local Business Showcase | Today's Ads Customer Service: (815) 875-4461 Copyright © 2016 Bureau County Republican. All rights reserved. Published in Princeton, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
null
indiatimes logo News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending #Breathless indiatimes logo Menu Facebook Science Says The Longer You Yawn, The More Intelligent You Are Share facebook twitter reddit facebook twitter search X Loading...... Load more Home News India World Sports Weird Lifestyle Self Style Tech Who we are Travel Food Entertainment Bollywood Celebscoop Hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Videos Sports Trending #Breathless Follow indiatimes facebook twitter     TRENDING TODAY Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier Husband In UAE Divorces Newly-Wed Wife After Seeing Her Without Makeup For The First Time! Drinking 8 Glasses Of Water Everyday? You Can Die Of Fatal Water Intoxication Says A Study! Worried About The Hygiene Standards Around You? These 7 Things Will Help You Keep Diseases At Bay Women Find Men With Beard Sexier And More Suitable For Long-Term Relationship, Says A Study close Home > health > healthy living Science Says The Longer You Yawn, The More Intelligent You Are Arushi Chaturvedi October 10, 2016 19.6k facebook twitter reddit We've all been told not to yawn. But according to a new study animals with bigger brains longer the length of their yawns. Therefore, longer the yawn, more intelligent the animal. youtube.com Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers squeezed the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can constantly predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the sizes of their brains are smaller compared with ours. www.zooborns.com The findings also told us that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. 19.6k facebook twitter reddit Comment Here ADVERTISEMENT Follow @indiatimes Next on Indiatimes Health: Usually Prescribed Blood Pressure Drugs Can Increase Depression, Finds Study Spotlight PARTNER These Are The 7 Things You Simply Cannot Live Without PARTNER These Horrifying Statistics Will Make You Join The Movement Against A Diabetes Free India PARTNER Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier Dad Still Travels By Bus And Mom Takes An Auto, Says A Very Humble John Abraham KJo Has Bought The Exclusive Hindi Remake Rights Of Sairat, Claim Reports Trending Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier 4.3k Shares Husband In UAE Divorces Newly-Wed Wife After Seeing Her Without Makeup For The First Time! 10.2k Shares Drinking 8 Glasses Of Water Everyday? You Can Die Of Fatal Water Intoxication Says A Study! 9.3k Shares Worried About The Hygiene Standards Around You? These 7 Things Will Help You Keep Diseases At Bay 1.8k Shares Women Find Men With Beard Sexier And More Suitable For Long-Term Relationship, Says A Study 21.6k Shares     Our Channels News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending Sections india world sports weird self style Tech who we are travel food bollywood celebscoop hollywood Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Photogallery Indiatimes Lifestyle Network MENS XP iDiva Luxury Ask Men Pursuitist Specials #FRONTLINES #GOFORGOLD #INDIANAMA Other Sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider ZoomTv Gizmodo Lifehacker IGN BoxTV Gaana Online Shopping Techradar Daily Deals Gitanjali Shop Satvik Shop WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Filmfare Femina Mobile Greetings Follo Jobs Property Astrology Speaking Tree Matrimonial iTimes Ads2book TcNext Romedy Now About us Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us ABOUT INDIATIMES Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved Archive | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Indiatimes Mobile | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy

Skip to main content Advanced Search Home News Breaking News News By Subject Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavioral Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Science Business News Grants, Awards, Books Languages Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Portals Climate Change Cancer Research Marine Science   E-mail Newsletter Breaking News Science Business News Grants Awards Books E-mail Newsletter RSS Feeds Agriculture Archaeology Atmospheric Science Biology Business & Economics Chemistry & Physics Earth Science Education Mathematics Medicine & Health Policy & Ethics Social & Behavior Space & Planetary Tech & Engineering Nachrichten in Deutsch Noticias en Español Nouvelles en Français Notícias em Português 日本語のニュース Multimedia All multimedia Images Video Audio Search multimedia All Multimedia Search Multimedia Images Video Audio Meetings Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting: 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA Meeting Announcements Meetings Calendar Featured Meeting 252nd American Chemical Society National Meeting & Exposition August 21-25, 2016 Philadelphia, PA More Information Portals Hello World Foo Bar Dropdown Menu Hello World Foo Bar Another Link The Last Item Climate ChangeThe latest insights into the changing climate More Cancer ResearchNew findings in cancer treatment and prevention More Marine ScienceIn-depth investigations on all things marine science More Science Agencies US Department of Energy US National Institutes of Health US National Science Foundation About About EurekAlert! For Reporters For PIOs Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! About EurekAlert! Help / FAQ Subscribe / Sponsor Contact EurekAlert! For Reporters EurekAlert! provides embargoed and breaking science news you can't afford to miss.Learn more For PIOS EurekAlert! offers a one-stop science news distribution service you can trust.Learn more EurekAlert! is a service of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. Login Register Public Release: 11-Oct-2016 DHA supplementation improves cognition in older adults with mild cognitive impairment Chinese study shows improved IQ with omega-3 supplementation GOED Share  Print  E-Mail Results from a recent study published in the Journal of Alzheimer's Disease support the cognitive benefits of DHA, which have been consistently demonstrated with doses of 900 mg/day or greater. The study, which took place in Tianjin, China, was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 240 (219 completed) Chinese individuals aged 65 and older with mild cognitive impairment. The participants received either 2g/day of DHA or a corn oil placebo for 12 months and specific measures of cognitive function were measured at baseline, six months and 12 months. The study results showed that there was a significant difference in the Full-Scale Intelligence Quotient (IQ) in the DHA group versus placebo, with IQ in the DHA group measuring 10% higher than the placebo group. Additionally, there were statistically significant increases in two IQ sub-tests (Information and Digit Span). The Information and Digit Span Subdomains are considered indicators of long-term and short-term memory, respectively. The findings suggest that DHA supplementation of 2g/day for 12 months in MCI subjects can significantly improve cognitive function. While additional larger longer-term studies are needed to confirm the results, this paper adds to the body of science supporting DHA omega-3s and their role in supporting cognitive function. ### Abstract: http://content.iospress.com/articles/journal-of-alzheimers-disease/jad160439 Disclaimer: AAAS and EurekAlert! are not responsible for the accuracy of news releases posted to EurekAlert! by contributing institutions or for the use of any information through the EurekAlert system. Share  Print  E-Mail Media Contact Ellen Schutt ellen@goedomega3.com 973-983-8130 http://www.goedomega3.com  More on this News Release DHA supplementation improves cognition in older adults with mild cognitive impairment GOED Journal Journal of Alzheimer's Disease Funder 2012 Chinese Nutrition Society Nutrition Research Foundation-DSM Research Fund Keywords AGING ALTERNATIVE MEDICINE ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE CLINICAL TRIALS GERONTOLOGY MEDICINE/HEALTH MEMORY/COGNITIVE PROCESSES NUTRITION/NUTRIENTS Related Journal Article http://dx.doi.org/10.3233/JAD-160439 More in Medicine & Health New study finds cardiovascular rehabilitation helps reduce risk of death in depressed heart patients Intermountain Medical Center Two differing medications used during heart procedure are both safe and effective, study finds Intermountain Medical Center Women with congenital heart disease have better shot at healthy pregnancies University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine Diets rich in omega-3 fatty acids may help lower blood pressure in young, healthy adults American Heart Association View all Medicine & Health news  Trending Science News New findings about the honey bee infecting deformed wing virus University of Veterinary Medicine -- Vienna New discovery paves way for pancreatic cancer treatment University of Notre Dame Behavioral intervention reduces anxiety, depression among adults impaired by psychological distress The JAMA Network Journals Plants modulate accumulation of metabolites at organ level Max Planck Institute for Chemical Ecology View all latest news  Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) Breaking News RSS Feed All EurekAlert! RSS Feeds @EurekAlertAAAS facebook.com/EurekAlert Help / FAQ Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact EurekAlert! Copyright © 2016 by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS)
Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Bills Sabres Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Submit Obituary Last 24 hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History Weekly Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Data Health and Fitness Lifestyles Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Kenan Center offers a "honey" of a gift show Cuomo in 2020? Smiles at Dino Daze at Buffalo Museum of Science Unveiling of Falls art installation also marks America Recycles Day Falls seminar on Thursday focuses on children with special needs Lockport benefit will feature tribute bands on Nov. 23 Evans police chief who defied DA in fatal hit-and-run prepares to retire Community briefings on tap for East Delavan, Crane library upgrades Reporters’ Notebook By Staff Published Mon, Oct 10, 2016 SHARE TWEET EMAIL OLAF FUB SEZ: Anti-bullying advice from Eleanor Roosevelt, born on this date in 1884: “No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.” ... SHAKEN AND STIRRED – Buffalo’s first cocktail festival, Nickel City Drink, opens Wednesday and continues through the weekend at locations all over town with classes, parties, pairing dinners, competitions and other events, more than 50 in all. It begins from 6 to 11 p.m. Wednesday with a kick-off party called “Sacred Bond” in the Town Ballroom, 681 Main St. It will offer snacks from Lloyd Taco Factory, music from Nelson Rivera and Jazz Conception project and cocktails from Buffalo Proper, Lloyd Taco Factory, Marble + Rye, Més Que, Toutant, and Vera-Buffalo. Tickets are $5. Those who attend must be at least 21. Profits benefit Crisis Services of Erie County. For more info, visit the Nickel City Drink Facebook page. ... GREEN DAY – The First Congregational Church of Java Village, Holland Road and Route 98, Java Village, will host its annual Salad Luncheon from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. Thursday. In addition to a large variety of salads, there will be a bake sale, attic items and raffles. Tickets are $9. ... WELL TUNED – Buffalo Philharmonic Orchestra music director JoAnn Falletta takes up her guitar to play with the Buffalo Chamber Players as they open their 10th anniversary season at 7:30 p.m. Thursday in the auditorium of the Albright-Knox Art Gallery, where they became ensemble-in-residence last season. BPO concertmaster Dennis Kim will be making his debut with the ensemble. The program will include a new string trio by Western New York composer Rob Deemer, along with works by Mozart, Paganini and Jean Francaix. Tickets are $20, $15 for gallery members, $5 for students. For tickets and info, call 270-8292 or visit albrightknox.org. ... BRAIN POWER – You have a choice of times and places Saturday to test your smarts by taking the admission exam for Mensa, the nonpolitical organization for highly intelligent people. It’s National Mensa Testing Day, when the test will be given at three locations in the area. They are the Western New York Library Resources Council, Suite 170 at 4950 Genesee St., Cheektowaga, where doors open at 10 a.m., and the Community Room at Southgate Plaza, 950 Union Road, West Seneca, where doors open at 2 p.m. (use the entrance labeled 950-A on the Dollar Tree side of the building). The fee is $20. Walk-ins are welcome, but advance notice is appreciated. Call Jaclyn McKewan at 472-1422 or email testing@wny.us.mensa.org. ... BIG NIGHT – The Elmwood Village Charter School, in the former School 36 at 40 Days Park, will hold its 10th annual Evening at Days Park fundraiser in the school from 7 to 11 p.m. Saturday. Tickets are $25, $45 per couple, and include live music, an art show, food and a beer tasting. There also will be a cash bar, auctions and raffles. For tickets, visit the Evening at Days Park Facebook page. The school, which currently serves more than 400 students from kindergarten to eighth grade, plans to open a sister school next September in the former Cardinal Dougherty High School at 655 Hertel Ave. ... MEETING DATE – The National Active and Retired Federal Employees (NARFE) will hold its monthly meeting at 1:30 p.m. next Monday in the Harlem Community Center, 4255 Harlem Road, Amherst. Guest speaker will be Mark Janik from Dengler, Roberts and Perna Funeral Homes, who will talk about the importance of pre-planning for end-of-life issues. ... HAPPY BIRTHDAY – Azure Mucitelli, Doug Weyand, Kevin Hosey, Alex Emblidge, Leo Romanchuk, Mandy Czamara, Larry Cornwall, Linc Blaisdell, Michael Gwizdowski, Kate Schroeder, Mary Brown, Al Gaglia, Mary Ellen Prell, Tobias Panek, Nicole Roma, James Ryan Kelley, Mary Baker, Rev. Antonio Rodrigues, Michelle Atallah and Mary Anne Wach. email: olaffub@buffnews.com Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Weekly Ads Special Sections Buffalo Deals Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2016 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material Thanks for reading the NEW BuffaloNews.com! To continue enjoying your free preview, please enter your email address below or click here to login. Submit
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home » Technology » Security How cyber attackers will shift gear once connected cars hit the road Feature 11 October 2016 The security of vehicles and transportation systems must be improved before connected cars become part of our daily routines COMMENT ‘The government and automotive industry must not risk neglecting the security essentials in their push for innovation’ Ben Rossi   Recent estimates suggest 150 million connected cars will be on our roads by 2020, prompting interest across sectors far beyond the automotive industry. Many people are taking notice of this new wave of innovation – and the impact it could have at both a consumer and corporate level. Even Her Royal Highness has addressed the matter, introducing changes which enable driverless cars to be insured under ordinary policies in the Queen’s speech earlier this year. The UK government has also demonstrated the country’s commitment to furthering the development of the driverless car economy. This summer, a major consultation was launched to support automated vehicle technologies and smooth the path towards automated cars being used successfully on British roads. >See also: The government and automotive industry must not risk neglecting the security essentials in their push for innovation The government and automotive industry must not risk neglecting the security essentials in their push for innovation. Doing so could risk not only the success of these new technologies, but also user safety. Intel Security has reported that connected cars are the third fastest-growing technological device after tablets and phones. While the regulatory changes and consultations implemented thus far demonstrate a level of forward thinking that could deliver a huge boost to the UK economy, security must also be considered. As new technology is adopted, cybercriminals constantly attempt to identify new methods to exploit any potential vulnerabilities for financial gain. With the world’s connectivity continuing to grow, the threat landscape continues to expand. Through live demos, Intel Security has proven that it is possible for ransomware attackers to reach their victims through vulnerabilities in auto-entertainment systems in modern vehicles, leaving the driver unable to operate their car unless they pay a ransom. Late last year, Intel began developing the Automotive Security Review Board (ASRB) in conjunction with founding members Aeris and Uber. Forming a collaboration of the top security and automotive industry talent worldwide, the board aims to keep one step ahead of cybercriminals and secure potential vulnerabilities before they can be exploited. While innovation around internet connectivity in vehicles has enabled the addition of exciting new features, including real-time telematics, smart intersections and autonomous driving, it does open up a new avenue to lucrative hacks for cybercriminals. Built-in security solutions must be factored in from the start to ensure that next-generation cars can operate safely at their full potential, even within a potentially malicious operating environment. Security by design The consolidation and interconnection of vehicle systems requires an intentional, proactive security design. As a result, vehicle security needs to begin at the very start – in the design phase. Foundational principles taken from related industries, such as defence and aerospace, can be utilised. These include designing secure systems from hardware to the cloud with identified best practices and technologies for each particular building block and defence-in-depth, a process similar to the layers of protection analysis (LOPA) methodology used for safety and risk reduction. Security by design should also consider areas such as secure boot, trusted execution environments, message authentication, tamper protection, isolation of safety critical systems, network encryption, data privacy, behavioural monitoring, anomaly detection, and shared threat intelligence. Automotive security must not just start with design, but should move through to the production and operation stages. By implementing best practices throughout production processes, design components can be correctly incorporated and linked back to the properties outlined in the secure design. This can offer customers confidence in the security of the platform. Key best practices here include code reviews, continuous validation of security assumptions, component and system-level penetration tests, inbound and outbound materials processes, maintenance and upgrade plans, and a feedback loop for continuous learning and improvement. Secure transport Threat analysis and risk assessment must continue once cars are on the road. Old vulnerabilities can be patched and new ones can appear – the risk of an attack can even increase over time. Both consumers and manufacturers can feel confident if detailed incident response plans are in place in case a newly discovered vulnerability or security breach arises. Using techniques such as over-the-air software or firmware patches and upgrades enables manufacturers to quickly remove vulnerabilities and significantly reduce recall costs. In addition, threat intelligence aids the identification and understanding of potential criminal business models, enabling businesses to prioritise threats and their associated risks while implementing an appropriate incident response. The success of these operational measures requires secure chains of trust to be built into the vehicle, designed to last throughout its lifetime. >See also: The future of driverless cars and data security Automotive security best practices today are a combination of product safety and computer security. . In addition to ensuring cyber attacks are difficult to execute, preventive and mitigation techniques must be in place to detect and correct vulnerabilities quickly before too much damage is done. Ultimately, the Automotive Security Review Board aims to help create an environment in which cars can self-heal – detecting malicious intent, withstanding attacks and performing self-repair where necessary. With increased collaboration between the automotive industry, standards organisations and security experts, this vision can become a reality.   Sourced from Raj Samani, CTO EMEA, Intel Security Related Topics connected cars Security Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular How mobility leaders are driving modern businesses How Industry 4.0 is changing human-technology interaction The secret cyber-life of 10 year olds UK public sector increase in cloud use Future tech trends: these technologies will transform businesses The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan Turning big data into high-class insights Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Today » 10°C Mon 11°C Tues 8°C Wed 10°C Things TO READ Things TO DO SIGN IN Confessions POST A CONFESSION I just feel depressed tonight posted October 9th, 2016 at 1:10 AM I haven't felt like this depressed since I was young. Overworking, no time for friends, and no life progress is getting to me. When I look at people and see how fortunate they are to have looks, money, intelligence, time, popularity, and whatever freedom to achieve their goals, I just don't know how I ended up this way. It's like the deck is stacked against me. I'm usually super optimistic, but sometimes it gets to me. I feel super lonely sometimes. 36 13Rating: +23 3 Show 3 Comments 3 Comments Post a Comment I feel you Oct 10, 2016 at 10:13pm I totally understand - I'm in the same boat. It's okay to feel depressed sometimes, we are in a chaotic world. You're not alone. Just hang on, it will get better, it always does. Something that I think about when I'm feeling lonely: instead of feeling sorry for myself that no one is by my side, I work on being a better person. I work on being more approachable, more well-read, more knowledgeable about a subject, more hobbies and passions... when you prepare yourself to be a better person, better people will be attracted to your energy. I promise. As well, I make time to serve those who are in need. No one is ever lonely when they are in the service of others. Take care. :) 8 2Rating: +6 Anonymous Oct 11, 2016 at 6:25am Most people are miserable. Try not to be fooled by the lying media. Also, most "successful" people are either in debt past their eyeballs, or else nothing more than members of the new "middle class"; that is, westerners who have 100x more than most other impovershed people(99%), yet with a fraction of the REAL money pouring out of the Orient. 2 4Rating: -2 Love you Oct 18, 2016 at 10:36pm I Like @'I feel you' s suggestion very much, brilliant and genuine. Repeatedly saying the following 2 words numerous times while looking into own eyes in front of a mirror whenever feeling down can help to boost mood: Love you 1 1Rating: 0 Join the Discussion Your name Comment * gs email To prevent automated spam submissions leave this field empty. Home page LATEST CONFESSIONS POSTS Striving to be More I'm striving to be more like my pets past and present and exhibit their good qualities - offer the... more Utensils I strive to use them as little as possible and eat with my hands and use various fast food napkins to... more To our country's greatest poet It's been two days since his death was announced, yet I'm still welling up with tears at the... more Exotic birds I no bird watcher but I've seen a few. A hoopoe in Myanmar. An island of hornbills in Malaysia.... more Whiners or Reality? My girlfriend and I are moving back to Vancouver in about six months time after living in Brisbane... more what a mess I'm going through an extreme mental health crisis at the moment. I'd like to ask for help but... more Diamonds are forever I think the whole engagement ring idea is one of the greatest scams on earth. A giant company managed... more Women Leaders As a society, when women -as a group - can build skyscrapers, without attention being brought to it as... more Seeking beauty ... in a sea of ugly. I usually consume news like crazy but after Trump winning the election, I can&... more Because it burns my tongue I think of adding it at the end of conversations. After kissing you in the dark. During our first,... more Worst part about Trump winning Lena Dunham said she is moving to Vancouver. more Whistling at concerts ruins the recordings of it and ruins the experience - scream in someone elses ear who likes this sound! more Quilting I've stopped doing it mostly as it is too easy to dismiss something with an eh that someone... more No thanks to Christy Clark! My kid was just confirmed gifted, lightyears ahead of her peers. Yet, there is no extra support or... more What up With all the guys who go grocery shopping with a suitcase? I'm not talking just happen to have one... more More Confessions Posts I SAW YOU REPUBLIC nightclub (fri nov 11) You were in a plain white tshirt + had an accent. I was wearing a gold top, drinking a corona... MORE I SAW YOUS BLOGRA 25 years ago today: Van Halen plays BC... As usual, Eddie Van Halen saved the day. MORE FROM OUR BLOG MOST POPULAR Renters of Vancouver: "I'd only been living there for one day" Steve Darling is second former Global B.C. broadcaster running for B.C. Liberals in 2017 Niki Sharma: An open letter to white Canadians Vancouver filmmaker Neill Blomkamp returns from the future with frightening video of U.S. President Donald Trump Dessert spot 720 Sweets & Etc. set to open inside T&T Supermarket 58 things to do in Metro Vancouver on Sunday, November 13 Your horoscope for November 10 to 16, 2016 Vancouver protest planned tonight against Donald Trump as similar rallies take place in U.S. cities Renters of Vancouver: “They offered me a place to stay…in exchange for sexual favours” U.S. election-integrity advocates question legitimacy of Donald Trump's victory SHOW MORE TODAY'S EVENTS OK Tinder To Dec 21, 9:15 pm, every Wed at  The Improv Centre Buster Brown and the New Resolutions  at  Backstage Lounge Haislakala: Spoken from the Heart To Dec 18 at  Coastal Peoples Gallery MORE EVENTS FEATURED BOV WINNERSBest local kitchenware store Ming Wo The Gourmet Warehouse Cook Culture SEE FULL LIST OF BEST OF VANCOUVER WINNERS THINGS TO READ THINGS TO DO NEWS MUSIC ARTS LIFE MOVIES FOOD BLOGS CONFESSIONS I SAW YOU CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS ALL EVENTS POST YOUR EVENT MUSIC ARTS FESTIVALS MOVIES CLUBS DINING CONTESTS CLASSIFIEDS BEST OF VANCOUVER GOLDEN PLATES SUBMIT YOUR TIPS STORIES EVENTS VENUES Search Sort by Sort by newestSort by relevance Include archived stories Search Type of venue - All Venue Types -Arena/StadiumArts/EntertainmentAttraction/Things to DoBusiness/ServiceCasinoClubMarket/GroceriesMuseum/Art GalleryPub/BarPublic Place/LandmarkRestaurant/CafeShopping/RetailTheatre Search Type of event - All Event Categories -ActivismAttractionsComedyConcertsDanceFestivalsFilmFood & DrinkForums & TalksFundraisers & CharityGalleriesHolidayKids' StuffLiterary/BooksMarketsMuseumsNightlifePerforming ArtsSportsTheatreOther Events that start after... See the Latest Print Edition GEORGIA STRAIGHT History About Us Contact Us Masthead Careers Site Map Covers ADVERTISE Advertise With Us Special Issues Link to Us LEGAL Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions© 2016 Vancouver free press. Best of Vancouver, BOV and Golden Plates are trade-marks of Vancouver Free Press Publishing Corp.
null
null
ANDROID IOS Home Video ALL NEWS BULLETIN AAP KI ADALAT AAJ KI BAAT CRICKET KI BAAT POLITICS CRIME ENTERTAINMENT ASTROLOGY India Tv Contest Hints LiveTV ALL ANCHORS PROGRAMS SHOW TIMINGS India ALL NATIONAL POLITICS World Entertainment ALL BOLLYWOOD TV MASALA HOLLYWOOD MOVIE REVIEW REGIONAL Photos ALL INDIA ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS FASHION & LIFESTYLE WORLD POLITICS AUTO & GADGET Sports ALL CRICKET SOCCER TENNIS HOCKEY OTHER Buzz ALL MOUTHFUL WHO CARES LIFE TECH AUTO BLAH Business ALL MARKETS TECH AUTO ECONOMY REAL STATE Lifestyle ALL TRAVEL HEALTH FASHION FOOD DATING CELEBS BEAUTY Astro Home Video Live India World Entertainment Photos Sports Buzz Business Lifestyle Astro India Tv Contest Hints Lifestyle You are here: Home Lifestyle The longer you yawn, the bigger your brain: Study The longer you yawn, the bigger your brain: Study Currently reading: The longer you yawn, the bigger your brain: Study #Brain, #Bigger, #Sleep, #Tired, #Study India TV Lifestyle Desk, New York [Published on:10 Oct 2016, 11:54:36] People tend to yawn when they are tired and bored but according to a new study the length of a yawn can indicate how big your brain is. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US have found evidence that the animals with bigger brains are more variable in the length of their yawns. The researchers scanned YouTube to find a bunch of different animals yawning. They looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. (With agency input) X From Our Network SOPOSTED Will you marry Rahul Gandhi? From suicide to sex change, watch how Mumbai girls SOPOSTED Six-year-old girl forced to marry a 55-year-old man in exchange of food and goat SOPOSTED Watch what happens when a new iPhone 7 is smashed by a 1.3kg hammer (VIDEO) Recommended Farmer in Karnataka duped with ‘fake’ Rs. 2,000 note Hockey India chief Narinder Batra becomes first non-European President of FIH 2016: All you need to about the season of Bollwood sequels In Pics: PM Modi’s 3-day visit to Japan PM Narendra Modi masterful oration hit hard against black money Finance Ministry raises ATM withdrawal limit to Rs 2,500 per day No worries even if ‘Dangal’ suffers: Aamir Khan bats in favour of PM Modi returns home after historic Japan visit Big Yawns Means Big Brains SITE INDEX India TV Contact Us About Us Careers Advertise Complaint Redressal In the Press Salaam India Awards Investors Column 21 Years Aap ki Adalat BE connected Mobile Zone Mail Alerts Facebook Twitter Fan Blogs on Wordpress Fan Blogs on Blogspot India Tv Contest Hints Other Services Live TV Buzz Photos Videos Gold Contest Latest News in Hindi News India Sports News Business News India Business News Stock Market Live Gold Price © 2009-2016 Independent News Service. All rights reserved. Site Map| Legal disclaimer| Privacy Policy| CSR Policy Scroll
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Monday, Nov 14, 2016 | Last Update : 09:47 AM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Lifestyle, Health and Wellbeing Longer yawns may indicate bigger brains: study PTI Published Oct 10, 2016, 8:34 am IST Updated Oct 10, 2016, 1:37 pm IST Animals with bigger brains are more variable in the length of their yawns.  The length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain (Photo: AFP) New York: A longer yawn may correlate to a bigger brain size, according to a new study which also found that the animals with bigger brains are more variable in the length of their yawns. Researchers from the State University of New York in the US looked at the videos of 29 mammals yawning to calculate the average length of their yawns. The animals had their brain weight already documented in an earlier research. When the researchers crunched the numbers, they realised that brain weight and the number of neurons in the outer layer of the brain called cortex can reliably predict yawn length. For instance, gorillas, horses, walruses and African elephants may have huge sizes but they have shorter yawns than humans because the size of their brains are smaller compared with ours. The findings suggest that the length of yawn does not correlate to the size of the body but to the size of the brain, 'Tech Times' reported. The research team led by Andrew Gallup, from the State University of New York also found that the animals with bigger brain were more variable in the length of their yawns. According to Liz Cirulli Rogers, from Duke University School of Medicine, it is possible that more intelligent animals have different types of yawn in response to different stimuli while the less-intelligent ones only have one type of yawn. "We show that both the mean and variance in yawn duration are robust predictors of mammalian brain weight and cortical neuron number," Gallup added. Tags: yawn, health and well being, brain size Related Stories What yawning says about you There’s also a link between how well you know someone and how likely you are to yawn, researchers found. 04 Apr 2016 12:36 AM Not catching a yawn may be a sign that you're a psychopath: study Those with less empathy wore more likely to respond to contagious yawning 21 Aug 2015 8:08 PM We yawn to cool our brains: study Study says yawning cools the brain to improve arousal and mental efficiency 07 May 2014 8:30 PM Sports Gallery India vs England: 6 players to watch out for in Test series AFC Cup: Bengaluru FC create history at Kanteerava Stadium ISL opening ceremony: PV Sindhu, MS Dhoni, Sachin grace the stage ISL 2016: Five players to watch out for Bastian Schweinsteiger’s tearful adieu to international duty Best pictures from the 2016 Rio Olympics closing ceremony ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Had only wanted a fling with Akshay Kumar, reveals Twinkle Khanna   Alibaba's Jack Ma to support his 8-year-old look-alike   After 50 years of unmatchable cinematic contribution, Jackie Chan wins Oscar!   ‘Rock On 2’ song is a copied version of famous Meghalaya folk anthem?   Polling expert eats bugs after Trump win   Watch: Virat Kohli jokes with umpire, commentators burst out laughing ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Health and Wellbeing 3 arthritis pain drugs prove equally safe for the heart Do kids take years off your life? New technique can provide a boost for treating infertility Bullying in school can be cause for obesity in adulthood Your tears can help detect and prevent breast cancer ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 Deccan Chronicle. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Deccan Chronicle Service Daksh Patrika By Daksham × Prayers
Archive Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Tickets Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User News And Finally Monday 14 November 2016 We must prepare better for the rise of the robots, say MPs Published 12/10/2016 | 00:29 0 Comments Share We must prepare better for the rise of the robots, say MPs Independent.ie Artificial intelligence is set to "fundamentally" change the way people live and work but the government is failing to prepare for the transformation, MPs have warned. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/we-must-prepare-better-for-the-rise-of-the-robots-say-mps-35123919.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/article35123918.ece/f23f2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-a4046c94-13c0-4ce3-983c-fb02e17cbe25_I1.jpg Email Robots will soon be part of everyday life but too little thought has been given to the ethical and social implications, say MPs Artificial intelligence is set to "fundamentally" change the way people live and work but the government is failing to prepare for the transformation, MPs have warned. Share We must prepare better for the rise of the robots, say MPs Independent.ie Artificial intelligence is set to "fundamentally" change the way people live and work but the government is failing to prepare for the transformation, MPs have warned. http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/we-must-prepare-better-for-the-rise-of-the-robots-say-mps-35123919.html http://www.independent.ie/world-news/and-finally/article35123918.ece/f23f2/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews_P-a4046c94-13c0-4ce3-983c-fb02e17cbe25_I1.jpg Email Go To Comments Technological advances such as driverless cars and supercomputers that can help doctors with medical diagnosis mean science fiction is becoming science fact, according to a report. But although there is "some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in films like Star Wars", the government's role in preparing for the change is "lacking", the Science and Technology Committee says. Tania Mathias, acting chairwoman of the committee, warned: "Science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades. "It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now." MPs found the Government does not have a strategy for developing the new skills workers will need to succeed as the use of AI increases. The social and ethical problems it throws up must also be planned for, the committee warned. It highlighted how Google's photo app, which automatically labelled pictures, was reported to have classified images of black people as gorillas and called for action to be taken to stop discrimination being accidentally being built in to AI systems. The committee also urged the government to set up a commission on artificial intelligence to look at the potential problems the science could create. Dr Mathias said: " Government leadership in the fields of robotics and AI has been lacking. Some major technology companies - including Google and Amazon - have recently come together to form the partnership on AI. "While it is encouraging that the sector is thinking about the risks and benefits of AI, this does not absolve the Government of its responsibilities. It should establish a commission on artificial intelligence to identify principles for governing the development and application of AI, and to foster public debate. " Concerns about machines taking jobs and eliminating the need for human labour have persisted for centuries. Nevertheless, it is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others. "Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to reskill and upskill. "This requires a commitment by the Government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change. "It is disappointing that the Government has still not published its digital strategy and set out its plans for equipping the future workforce with the digital skills we will need." Press Association Follow @Independent_ie Read More Bruce Springsteen is born to thumb a lift after his motorbike breaks down  Coming across Bruce Springsteen on a broken-down motorcycle on the side of the road could probably be a lyric from one of his songs, but it really happened for a group of bikers from New Jersey. Facebook apologises for 'terrible error' over death notices  Facebook has apologised for a "terrible error" which led to users - including founder Mark Zuckerberg - being "killed off" on the site by a technical glitch. Facebook glitch made it appear some users had died  Some Facebook users received an unsettling shock after their profile pages hinted that they had passed away. Recommended Videos from Most Viewed Most Shared Most Commented Facebook apologises for 'terrible error' over death notices  And Finally 'Mud Dragon' dinosaur fossil found intact on Chinese building site  And Finally Bruce Springsteen is born to thumb a lift after his motorbike breaks down  World News Daredevil grandmother prepares for Eden Project zipwire challenge  And Finally Deadly green mamba snake found on ship in Aberdeen harbour  And Finally WATCH: Senator launches stinging attack at government's reaction to 'monster' and 'fascist'...  Politics Hillary Clinton set to receive more votes than any US presidential candidate in...  US Election 2016 MUST WATCH: Aodhán O'Riordáin's passionate speech regarding the government's...  Irish News Video 'It’s a devastating blow for his wife and young children' - Man (43) dies in...  Farming News Research shows Ireland has lost the 'war on drugs'  Irish News Hillary Clinton: The FBI cost me the US presidency A two fingers to a politically correct elite Silent majority is now speaking out Sexist Trump's sickly land of grope 'n glory Promoted articles Editors Choice Generals of the ASTI will find it hard to march the troops up the hill again Not for the first time were they marched up... Trump has raised unrealistic hopes - he should be nervous Was it just me, or did Donald Trump look... Stag parties: rite-of-passage or humiliating horror show? There are few occasions as redundant Also in World News Donald Trump chooses key White House aides President-elect Donald Trump appointed a controversial media figure to a key job... Tears as Christians return to worship at desecrated Iraq church There were gasps, followed by tears at a small... Tycoon may not live full-time in White House Donald Trump may continue to live in his $100m penthouse in New York rather... Iraqi flag raised again in ancient city but larger battle to drag on Iraqi forces battling Isil captured Nimrud, the site of... Two killed as a powerful quake rocks New Zealand A powerful earthquake struck New Zealand's South Island yesterday, killing at least two... Man plans to swim for four months to cross Atlantic A former British policeman will swim up to 12 hours a day for four months in a bid to... Trump softens vow to build Mexican wall President-elect Donald Trump backed away from his promise to build a wall... Paris falls silent on anniversary of horrific Isil attacks A sombre silence marked France's anniversary... US election will aid the far-right in France, says Le Pen Donald Trump's victory is an "additional stone in the building of a new world", Marine... Kate among British royals to remember UK's war dead The Duchess of Cambridge was among many royals who paid tribute to Britain's war... VIDEO: New Zealand on tsunami alert after earthquakes New Zealand's South Island is on tsunami... VIDEO: Eerie overhead footage shows darkened Christchurch as tsunami siren sounds... AN earthquake with a magnitude of 7.4... VIDEO - Paris terror attacks: Francois Hollande leads anniversary... French president Francois Hollande has joined... VIDEO - Donald Trump: Is the President-elect already breaking campaign... Donald Trump's election campaign contained... VIDEO: Nigel Farage the first UK politician to meet Trump since election Nigel Farage said Donald Trump's support for... WATCH: South Korea's Coast Guard fire machine guns at Chinese fishing boats South Korea's Coast Guard fires machine... VIDEO: Man tells armed robbers to 'shoot my wife' Tommy and Abby Jones have been nominated by Hampshire Police for the Chief... VIDEO: Barack Obama and Donald Trump meet at White House US President-elect Donald Trump has said it... WATCH: Chinese man grows ear on arm Doctors in China have grown an artifical ear on the arm of a man who lost his... VIDEO: Hillary Clinton urges supporters to give Donald Trump a chance to lead Addressing supporters in New York, Hillary... In Pictures: Anti-Trump protests take place across the US In Pictures: The latest from Mosul as battle for city rages on In Pictures: President-elect Donald Trump and wife Melania are shown around the White House In Pictures: Donald Trump victory sparks protests across several states In Pictures: 'Never stop believing' - Hillary Clinton's concession speech US election night: All the best pictures from an historic count as Donald Trump becomes next US president More than 50 arrested after thousands of protesters attended Million Mask March In Pictures: Aftermath of earthquake in central and southern Italy In Pictures: Vice-presidential candidate Pence's plane in runway skid Michelle Obama joins Hillary Clinton on the campaign trail By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go
Archive Jobs Jobs Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Death Notices iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Tickets Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Entertainment Monday 14 November 2016 'There's no room for the objectification of women' - Nancy O'Dell addresses the recording of Trump's lewd comments about her Independent.ie Newsdesk Twitter Email Published 11/10/2016 | 08:13 0 Comments Share 'There's no room for the objectification of women' - Nancy O'Dell addresses the recording of Trump's lewd comments about her Independent.ie Entertainment Tonight host Nancy O'Dell says women shouldn't be objectified - even in the locker room. http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/theres-no-room-for-the-objectification-of-women-nancy-odell-addresses-the-recording-of-trumps-lewd-comments-about-her-35120569.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35116483.ece/20deb/AUTOCROP/h342/US%20Electi%2043.jpg Email Reporter Nancy O’Dell, who was the subject of Trump’s lewd comments on the 2005 tape. Photo by Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP, File Entertainment Tonight star Nancy O’Dell has hit back at lewd comments made about her by Donald Trump (Photo by Steve Granitz/WireImage) Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton speak during the second presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis. AP Photo/John Locher Entertainment Tonight host Nancy O'Dell says women shouldn't be objectified - even in the locker room. Share 'There's no room for the objectification of women' - Nancy O'Dell addresses the recording of Trump's lewd comments about her Independent.ie Entertainment Tonight host Nancy O'Dell says women shouldn't be objectified - even in the locker room. http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/theres-no-room-for-the-objectification-of-women-nancy-odell-addresses-the-recording-of-trumps-lewd-comments-about-her-35120569.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35116483.ece/20deb/AUTOCROP/h342/US%20Electi%2043.jpg Email Go To Comments On the entertainment news show on Monday night, O'Dell addressed the crude comments made about her by the Republican presidential hopeful. Shortly after a video surfaced of Trump bragging about how he likes to sexually assault women in 2005, Access Hollywood revealed one of the women the business mogul was talking about was O’Dell. As he travelled on a bus with Billy Bush of Access Hollywood to meet Days of our Lives actress Arianna Zucker, Mr Trump bragged about his attempts to have sexual intercourse with a married woman who rejected his advances. Entertainment Tonight star Nancy O’Dell has hit back at lewd comments made about her by Donald Trump (Photo by Steve Granitz/WireImage) He insisted he had the right to do "whatever he wanted" with women, as he was a "star". Leading showbiz journalist Nancy O'Dell yesterday identified herself as the woman and said she was "saddened" by the remarks. Trump, who was 59 at the time, had just married his third wife, Melania Trump. Trump has since dismissed the comments as "locker room banter" made a decade ago and said he had much "worse" from Bill Clinton on the golf course. However, O'Dell said on Monday night that "there is no room for objectification of women" or anyone. She then added, "not even in the locker room." In the recording that was published Friday by The Washington Post and NBC News, Trump also said, "When you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything," adding, "Grab them by the p****. You can do anything." Trump also disparagingly talked of O’Dell’s “big phony tits” and how she had “totally changed her look. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton speak during the second presidential debate at Washington University in St. Louis. AP Photo/John Locher In her remarks Monday, O'Dell says she's been a journalist for 26 years and "it is my job to bring you news about others rather than turning the focus on myself." But the release of the tape that's become international news has "thrown me in the middle of the political arena of which I didn't ask to be a part," O'Dell said. "The conversation has got to change," she said "because everybody deserves respect no matter the gender or setting and as a mom, especially our young girls need to know that their hard work, their achievements, their intelligence, their heart are most important and those things will not go unnoticed." She then thanked viewers and fans for their support saying their messages renewed her faith that "we all want a better and more inclusive society". Online Editors Follow @IndoEnts Read More Lin-Manuel Miranda rules out starring in opening West End run of Hamilton  The creator of hit Broadway musical Hamilton has ruled out starring in the opening run of the West End version of the show. Take That show hopefuls to sing with Olly Murs, Kaiser Chiefs and Melanie C  Olly Murs, Kaiser Chiefs and Melanie C are among the musicians that will perform with the aspiring stars of the upcoming Take That stage show on a new Saturday night competition series. Pixie Lott engaged to long-term boyfriend Oliver Cheshire  Singer Pixie Lott has got engaged to her long-term boyfriend Oliver Cheshire. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Laura Whitmore criticises RTÉ after cancelling her appearance to support charity ‘last...  Television Nathan Carter opens up about his RTE interview with alleged child abuser Toby Willis: ‘I...  Television One of Coronation Street’s oldest residents set to leave the street after more than five...  Television Springsteen is born to thumb  Music Keith Duffy suffers ‘swollen testicle’ after eager fan grabs him at Boyzlife concert: ‘She...  Music VIDEO: Irish fans bump into Jurgen Klopp doppelganger in Austria... the inevitable...  Sport Video Hillary Clinton set to receive more votes than any US presidential candidate in...  US Election 2016 Research shows Ireland has lost the 'war on drugs'  Irish News 'It’s a devastating blow for his wife and young children' - Man (43) dies in...  Farming News WATCH: Senator launches stinging attack at government's reaction to 'monster' and 'fascist'...  Politics Hillary Clinton: The FBI cost me the US presidency A two fingers to a politically correct elite Silent majority is now speaking out Sexist Trump's sickly land of grope 'n glory Promoted articles Editors Choice 'Don't take risks on treacherous roads' - Teresa Mannion to front campaign for Road... Angelina Jolie produces 'empowering' Irish animated film Is The Crown the new Downton Abbey? 7 reasons to watch the epic Netflix drama Also in Entertainment VIDEO - Beautiful Waitrose's Christmas advert: A robin's homecoming Waitrose is making a bid for the festive... WATCH: Is this the most heart warming ad this Christmas? M&S has unveiled its Christmas advert – and viewers seem to prefer it... VIDEO: Trad band use traffic jam to their advantage in stunning roadside... An Irish trad band made the best of a... WATCH: Lidl captures the magic of Irish festive family traditions with its... Another Christmas ad has landed and this... VIDEO: Galway dog's John Lewis ad reaction will bring a tear to your eye 11 year-old Winnie couldn't contain her... VIDEO: Robert De Niro had his say on shock Trump victory Veteran actors Robert De Niro and Danny DeVito give their reactions to Donald... VIDEO: Mum's List Official Trailer 2016 VIDEO: John Lewis Ad recreated for €700 This adorable recreation of this year's John Lewis ad is a must watch. VIDEO: Singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen dies aged 82 Renowned singer-songwriter and poet Leonard Cohen, who penned the... VIDEO: Impressions of Irish bloggers VIDEO - Beautiful Waitrose's Christmas advert: A robin's homecoming Waitrose is making a bid for the festive... WATCH: Is this the most heart warming ad this Christmas? M&S has unveiled its Christmas advert – and viewers seem to prefer it... VIDEO: Trad band use traffic jam to their advantage in stunning roadside... An Irish trad band made the best of a... WATCH: Lidl captures the magic of Irish festive family traditions with its... Another Christmas ad has landed and this... VIDEO: Galway dog's John Lewis ad reaction will bring a tear to your eye 11 year-old Winnie couldn't contain her... VIDEO: Robert De Niro had his say on shock Trump victory Veteran actors Robert De Niro and Danny DeVito give their reactions to Donald... VIDEO: Mum's List Official Trailer 2016 VIDEO: John Lewis Ad recreated for €700 This adorable recreation of this year's John Lewis ad is a must watch. VIDEO: Singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen dies aged 82 Renowned singer-songwriter and poet Leonard Cohen, who penned the... VIDEO: Impressions of Irish bloggers In Pictures: The life and times of BBC broadcaster Sir Jimmy Young Halloween costume inspiration for your pet Let these adorable pets provide you with some Halloween costume inspiration Flashback: U2 fans at Joshua Tree Tour in Cork and Dublin As U2 celebrate 40 years in music, we look back at the iconic 1987 Joshua Tree tour in... In Pictures: Turner Prize exhibition opens with giant buttocks, brick suit and a... Members of the public have their first chance to... Celebrity Sightings at Electric Picnic Rose of Tralee: Chicago Rose crowned winner Meet the 2016 Rose of Tralee contestants Meet this year's Rose of Tralee hopefuls. Gallery: Sunshine and smiles at Longitude 2016 Sunshine, great music and an easy-going vibe combined to create a great opening night... London Premiere of Star Trek Beyond Gallery: Kodaline at Marlay Park - were you there? Dublin quarter Kodaline didn't disappoint the high hopes of 20,000 fans as they... By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Business Brexit Irish Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories Farm Ireland Jobs Media & Marketing Commercial Property Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Living With Cancer Mind Yourself Home & Garden Homes Interiors Gardens Home Property Videos Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Fertility and You Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk City Cycling Archives Lucinda’s Ireland Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Sponsored Serious Support StoryPlus Sponsored Features Search Go
null
