MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Technology will change way Army fights, 'unburden' the soldier, say leaders By David VergunOctober 14, 2016 1 / 1 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Network and cyber modernization are big deals for the Army. Shown here, a brigade tactical operations center, or command post, supports the Army Network Integration Evaluation to support Soldier readiness in 2015 at Fort Bliss, Texas. (Photo Credit: (Photo Credit U.S. Army)) VIEW ORIGINAL WASHINGTON (Army News Service) -- The way ahead on modernization will involve everything from autonomous vehicles to artificial intelligence, Army leaders said at a panel in October. Speaking at the Association of the United States Army Annual Meeting and Exposition, each of the leaders linked the Army's modernization efforts to its overal goal of readiness. ASA(ALT) PERSPECTIVE Asked how technology will change the way the Army fights, acting assistant secretary of the Army Katharina G. McFarland called the Soldier "our primary weapon." The role of technology, she said, would be to unburden the soldier. McFarland said the Army's new Rapid Capabilities Office and other acquisition methods that streamline the process will enable new technologies to come to the fore. "We need to make him able to spend more time thinking rather than doing," she said. "We need to think about how we create an environment that allows him to have an extension of himself. Those things are related to autonomy." By autonomy, she meant the unmanned ground and aerial systems that can extend a Soldier's reach on the battlefield. In her remarks, McFarland listed a host of technology-enabled goals that the Army has already set out to accomplish: -- Enable formations to "aggregate and disaggregate quickly." -- Improve overmatch in electronic warfare. -- Lessen the logistics and maintenance burden. -- Equip Soldiers with complete network and communications gear. -- Ensure that Soldiers have immediate and accurate positioning and navigation data in contested environments. -- Implement strategies to remove the cyber capabilities of adversaries. G-2 PERSPECTIVE According to Lt. Gen. Robert P. Ashley Jr., deputy chief of staff, G-2, the Army has over the last decade, "been very additive" in terms of providing sensors and communications data for the Soldier. "It's almost become a burden," he said. The key to modernization for the Soldier, he said, will be to unburden him from some of that flood of data by "placing it on a machine" that can process the data and use it to provide the Soldier with meaningful solutions. That, he said, can be accomplished through machine learning and artificial intelligence systems. Another area that needs improving, Ashley said, is information sharing with coalition partners. Currently, much of the data that is collected goes to U.S.-only systems. "When you think of all the [data] collection that you bring in when you process, exploit, and disseminate that information, it's important that you can get it in near-real time to coalition partners and coalition users," he continued. The solution to exchanging information with coalition partners, he said, is to "federate" the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance data. Federation, he explained, means requiring common data standards and processes to ensure that the many unique systems used by coalition partners can communicate with one another. Another area the general said could use improvement is the realm of social media. "When you look at all the things that come in through social media, how do you track them?" Ashley said. "How do you look for a trend? How do you receive warnings?" The general cited, as an example, people congregating in Tahrir Square in Cairo during the Arab Spring. At the time, intelligence agencies had no way of seeing or measuring what was going on, he said. Had there been a way to track the chatter on social media being used by those who assembled, a clearer picture of what was going on would have emerged. G-4 PERSPECTIVE Lt. Gen. Gustave F. Perna, who served as the deputy chief of staff, G-4 until September and now serves commander of the Army Materiel Command, said the Army's acquisition and requirements processes must be streamlined. When it comes to acquisition, few people realize that 70 percent of the cost of a weapon or equipment system comes from sustainment, he said. Just a small part of the cost comes from the research, development and purchase. According to Perna, the solution is "more alignment between the requirements, generators and acquisition process early-on in teaming." Even before the acquisition process begins, he said, there should be sufficient Soldier testing to ensure the system is the right fit for the Soldier. Asked to name the top three sustainment challenges the Army faces today, Perna replied, "First and foremost, we need to be able to maintain our own equipment on the battlefield." To do that, the Army must own the intellectual property rights, rather than depend on contractors, he said. Soldiers must also be properly trained to maintain their own equipment, he added, and the Army must be prepared to counter enemy cyber threats to the supply chain. RELATED LINKS Army News Service ARNEWS email subscription signup ARNEWS Archieves Army.mil: North America News RELATED STORIES October 31, 2016Acquisition official who set Army procurement, modernization on track set to retire October 26, 2016AWA 17.1: Increasing the pace of battle in a coalition environment October 17, 2016Coalition supports ISF Mosul offensive October 13, 2016A Ready Acquisition Workforce October 11, 2016Army researcher witnesses human impact of modernization October 11, 2016Network modernization focuses on integration to enable readiness October 17, 2016Under Secretary shares insight at TACOM acquisition conference October 5, 2016AMC commander addresses Army modernization at AUSA October 31, 2016The Evolution of the Army Warfighting Assessment November 1, 2016Leveraging enterprise data systems to estimate sustainment requirements in Europe October 17, 2016Soldier-led Army Warfighting Assessment Exercise kicks off CSA's Force 2025 Maneuvers initiative Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA Social Sharing
(IN)SECURE Magazine About us Contact Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Don't miss: Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Get our Top Stories to your inbox   Featured news Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Millions of job seekers’ info exposed via easily accessible database backups How to prepare your company for cybersecurity threats Researchers set to work on malware-detecting CPUs SMBs risk data security by using free cloud storage New infosec products of the week​: November 11, 2016 Malicious spam volume hits two year high The cybersecurity gap between IT capabilities and business expectations A checklist for people who understand cyber security Telecrypt ransomware uses Telegram for command and control Help Net SecurityOctober 11, 2016 The impact of intelligent systems on IT teams Learn the 13 Questions You Must Ask Your Bot Mitigation Vendor to Secure Your Website Fast track deployment of intelligent systems is well underway, according to Ipswitch. 88% of IT professionals saying their organisation has already invested in one or more intelligent solutions, from bots, through smart business applications, to full-blown expert systems. The study also shows that 78% of IT professionals are struggling with assessing the full extent of the challenges and threats of deploying intelligent systems themselves, and managing the impact of broader intelligent technology use across their industries and customer bases. 19% report it being ‘extremely hard’ to assess the threats and challenges, and 59% report it as a ‘challenge’. The independent global study, carried out by analyst firm Freeform Dynamics explores the fast-paced adoption of intelligent machines and business systems (machines and software with decision making and learning capabilities) in the commercial world. Adoption of intelligent systems is increasingly seen as a key competitive marketplace differentiator, with 35% of IT decision makers already saying the ability to exploit intelligent systems is critical to enabling their business to compete successfully over the next three years. Three quarters of respondents (75%) are utilising intelligent systems to marshal and manage increasingly complex networks and IT system infrastructures. The research shows that: 20% are using autonomous bots and electronic assistants to help staff or customers interact with systems more naturally – a further 27% plan to do so in the next year Over a quarter (26%) already have IoT initiatives underway – and 29% have deployments on the horizon 28% are utilising expert decision support systems to optimise how professional staff work – 35% will introduce these soon. Managing the complexity of intelligent systems on the network Despite the fact that many IT professionals acknowledge the significant commercial and operational benefits of intelligent systems, and the way adoption is trending among partners, competitors and customers, they are concerned about the ability of IT teams to counter the potential risks such technologies pose: Over half (54%) say their current analysis and visualisation capabilities will struggle to keep up with the broader march of intelligent systems 55% say their ability to visualise data in a clear and actionable manner falls short of what they need Almost three quarters (71%) say that making sense of logs and other event data generated is proving extremely demanding. Over a third (39%) also recognise that, regardless of their firm’s plans to use intelligent systems, the impact of other organisations’ use will be a major consideration for their own infrastructure. For instance: One in five (20%) say that increased activity from third party bots, agents and IoT accessing systems is already making it hard to monitor, track and govern systems and 42% say they believe it is a future risk One fifth (20%) say that increased ‘noise’ on the network is already making it harder to detect malicious activity 17% say that automated or bot traffic creates network quality of service issues 20% also say that automated or bot access to APIs is already causing system or application performance issues. Future proofing the network “The study findings show that out of date monitoring approaches are adding to the risk management burden experienced by IT professionals. Less than a third (28%) of respondents had strong and future proof monitoring, analysis and management tools in place to help manage the impact of intelligent systems, and just a quarter (25%) were confident about the capabilities of their performance monitoring and operational analytics tools. Meanwhile, less than a fifth (18%) said their ability to manage the identities of internet-connected ‘things’ was strong and future proofed,” said Rob Farmer, EMEA Senior Director Partner and Alliances at Ipswitch. “Today’s IT professionals are struggling to keep up with the fast-paced rate of technological changes and formulating relevant strategies and plans to tackle the impact of intelligent systems is proving a make or break challenge. IT teams should strive to monitor bandwidth usage by application, user and device to determine how much is used by each entity and whether it is for authorised purposes or not. Deploying proactive monitoring and visualisation tools for high priority assets, with threshold alerts for critical resources, is becoming a must for assuring the availability and reliability of mission-critical networks, servers and business applications in the face of an unending wave of new technologies that require increasingly large amounts of high quality bandwidth,” Farmer concluded. Tags Ipswitch survey A checklist for people who understand cyber security Telecrypt ransomware uses Telegram for command and control GDPR privacy, preparations and understanding Signal Protocol’s crypto core has no major flaws, researchers find TrickBot banking Trojan is the next big threat Spot light Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments What's New Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Millions of job seekers’ info exposed via easily accessible database backups The cybersecurity gap between IT capabilities and business expectations Share this article US officially accuses Russia of hacking to influence presidential election The impact of intelligent systems on IT teams SOC 2 + HITRUST: Evolving infosec demands in healthcare Don't miss Traveling on business? Beware of targeted spying on mobile Why Unidirectional Security Gateways can replace firewalls in industrial network environments Are you ready for the EU GDPR? Millions of job seekers’ info exposed via easily accessible database backups How to prepare your company for cybersecurity threats Researchers set to work on malware-detecting CPUs SMBs risk data security by using free cloud storage A checklist for people who understand cyber security Telecrypt ransomware uses Telegram for command and control Will security concerns negatively impact the online holiday shopping season? GDPR privacy, preparations and understanding Tesco Bank hack shows that attackers continue to follow easy money   Newsletters Subscribe to get regular updates from Help Net Security. The weekly newsletter contains a selection of the best stories, while the daily newsletter highlights all the latest headlines! Email address: List Choice Weekly newsletter Daily newsletter subscribe Start News Malware Articles Reviews Events Copyright 1998-2016 by Help Net Security Read our privacy policy About us Advertise Design by FatDUX Start News Articles Malware Reviews Events Newsletter Copyright 1998-2016 by Help Net Security | Read our privacy policy | About us | Advertise Design by FatDUX
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home » Innovation » Social Artificial Intelligence: the possibilities and the threats posed AI: the possibilities and the threats posed Feature 14 October 2016 Both the UK Government and the White House released reports this week looking at the future of AI, both with positive and negative conclusions COMMENT as many as 25 to 40 million jobs globally will disappear as a direct result of extreme automation and extreme connectivity, with the greatest losses occurring in white-collar office and administrative roles Nick Ismail Artificial intelligence, and technology in general, will have a crucial role to play in society’s progress, that is the view of the UK and American governments anyway. This Thursday President Obama announced at the first White House Frontier Conference that more than $300 million in funding, through partnerships, will be released for tech innovations that will improve healthcare, develop smart cities and enhance America’s space ambition. “We may be in a slightly different period now, simply because of the pervasive applicability of AI and other technologies,” said President Obama in a video shown at the start of the conference. President Obama believes AI, in particular, will be able to help solve the biggest crises that face the world, such as disease, famine, climate change and economic inequality. Others, like Tesla CEO Elon Musk, suggest AI’s rise will be the biggest threat to the survival of the human race. The White House Frontier Conference In line with the Frontier Conference the White House released a 48-page report this week featuring 24 recommendations for how the government can be involved in an increasingly AI-powered future, as well as ways to regulate the budding technology. The report highlighted that more investment in the technology across all levels of government is needed, including funding STEM education to have a prepared workforce, advanced research projects, local grants and new federal infrastructure. >See also: When will AI bots replace virtual assistants? However, both reports from the UK and US came with a warning. As AI technology expands and integrates into daily processes, low-skilled workers may be at risk of losing their jobs. “High-skill folks do very well in these systems, and can leverage their talents and interface with machines to extend their reach, sales, products, and services,” said President Obama. “Low-wage, low-skill individuals become more and more redundant, and their jobs may not be replaced, but wages will be suppressed.” The UK’s view on AI Fundamentally both the UK and US governments agree that AI has a huge, important role to play in moving humankind forward. The fact both reports were released the same week is significant according to David Gosen, managing director and SVP International at Rocket Fuel. It “highlights two key aspects: Firstly, the focus on a global level that AI is set to revolutionise the way we work and live. Secondly, how it polarises opinion between job threats and advancement in society and industry.” However, its progress must be monitored with new stringent regulations in place. Policy must keep up with technology. MPs on the Science and Technology Committee have called for careful scrutiny of the probable ethical, legal and societal impact of the accelerating use of AI. Acting Science and Technology Committee chairwoman Dr Tania Mathias said: “Artificial intelligence has some way to go before we see systems and robots as portrayed in films like Star Wars.” “At present, ‘AI machines’ have narrow and specific roles, such as in voice-recognition or playing the board game Go.” >See also: 3 ways artificial intelligence is transforming e-commerce “But science fiction is slowly becoming science fact, and robotics and AI look destined to play an increasing role in our lives over the coming decades.” “It is too soon to set down sector-wide regulations for this nascent field, but it is vital that careful scrutiny of the ethical, legal and societal ramifications of artificially intelligent systems begins now.” The threat to jobs One of the main issues identified by both governments is the threat AI poses to low-skilled jobs. As technologies advance they will transform the workplace and menial tasks, and non-routine jobs will become digitalised through robotics and process automation. Indeed, in the White House’s report it predicts that artificial intelligence and robotics will replace some jobs, with low-skilled and medium-skilled workers most at risk. Similarly, the Science and Technology Committee believes that individuals will have to learn new skills in the face of AI taking their jobs. Dr Mathias said: “It is conceivable that we will see AI technology creating new jobs over the coming decades while at the same time displacing others.” “Since we cannot yet foresee exactly how these changes will play out, we must respond with a readiness to re-skill and up-skill.” “This requires a commitment by the government to ensure that our education and training systems are flexible, so that they can adapt as opportunities and demands on the workforce change.” >See also: The rise of the machine: AI, the future of security A survey carried out by OpenText in May this year established the UK public’s view on the matter. It found that 42% of Brits believe their job could be replaced by a robot by 2066, whilst a 25% think this could happen within the next 10 years. 1 in 10 25-34 year olds believe their role could be replaced by a robot as soon as 2018. There is an inherent fear of AI that pervades human consciousness, perhaps created by exaggerated Hollywood blockbusters like The Terminator. But in reality this notion of robots taking over the world is a fantasy, and even the possibility of AI encroaching on jobs is not a doomsday scenario. It opens up possibilities. The digital revolution Mark Barrenechea, CEO of enterprise information management leaders OpenText explained that the “Digital Revolution will bring an increasing reliance on self-service technology, machine-to-machine communication (M2M) and artificial intelligence.” “We shouldn’t fear this disruption. M2M communications will enable machines to process data and make decisions based on this data as we move toward more intelligent, cognitive systems. In many cases, the intelligence these systems deliver will be more accurate, immediate and safer than humanly capable.” “The economic impact of digital is vast. Businesses that use the internet tend to grow more quickly, export two times as much as those that don’t, and create more than twice as many jobs. Yet many companies are off to a poor start on the journey toward digital transformation. While organisations are taking advantage of digital technologies, many economies remain digitally immature. This means that the ability to unlock the value of digital is far from being realised.” This view is inline with the White House’s, which suggests AI can benefit the economy and address economic inequality. >See also: From intellect to intuition: what happens when we humanise AI systems? Going further, David Lavenda,VP of product strategy at harmon.ie, sees AI as a positive for the some workers. ‘The practical application of AI as the technology currently exists is to work in conjunction with humans to make jobs and lives easier by assisting decision making through the surfacing of operational intelligence.’ ‘In the enterprise AI will not replace workers in the near future.’ Lavenda suggests AI in 2017 will help employees work smarter rather than replacing them. Machines will continue to need human input and direction. However, this view is not inclusive of low-skilled, or rather workers jobs that could easily be replaced by AI in the near future. What about taxi drivers, lorry drivers, insurance clerks or call centre staff? Barrenechea stipulates, “as many as 25 to 40 million jobs globally will disappear as a direct result of extreme automation and extreme connectivity, with the greatest losses occurring in white-collar office and administrative roles”. In its report the White House did not come up with a solution to this problem, and perhaps the answer should be to focus on upskilling every generation from now, as partially proposed by the Science and Technology Committee. Ethically it is problematic: does society halt technological progress and increasing possibilities to save millions of low-skilled jobs? It is a difficult question. But looking at history, progress and forward-thinking usually triumph. What exactly the future holds for the role of AI and other technologies in society is unclear. It will certainly be transformative, probably for the good, but it must be rigorously monitored, with the each generation technologically-able, to make sure an oppressive digital divide isn’t created. Related Topics AI artificial intelligence Digital divide digital skills Low-skilled jobs Science and Technology Committee The White House Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular How mobility leaders are driving modern businesses How Industry 4.0 is changing human-technology interaction The secret cyber-life of 10 year olds UK public sector increase in cloud use Future tech trends: these technologies will transform businesses The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan Turning big data into high-class insights Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc © 2016 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Home Community News Community Calendar Obituaries Distribution Points Subscribe Advertise About Contact « Rumored Hype on World Best Writers Discovered The system of organisation expansion » Artificial intelligence: can it at any time take a location of human mind? Artificial intelligence: can it at any time take a location of human mind? The debate concerning whether or not Synthetic Intelligence (AI) can change human intelligence appears to have been likely on for a while with every faculty of thought advancing a number of good reasons. There is no question that synthetic intelligence will essentially switch the way human beings undertake facts in upcoming. Even as there was a typical consensus about the capabilities of AI in shifting just how human beings undertake functions, experts have disagreed on the extent to which AI will improve matters during the upcoming. In this regard, these authors have argued the organic intelligence in human beings is determined by unconscious instincts versus aware symbolic manipulation of AI units. These expertise could in no way be captured by official guidelines in AI systems. With this paper, I speak about the positions by both equally educational facilities of thought. The rest within the paper is organized as follows: To begin with, AI is d defined to provide an general perspective on its marriage when using the human brain. Second, motives why AI can switch human thoughts could be offered. 3rd, purposes why AI cannot change human mind will probably be introduced and at last a conclusion shall be developed. AI could possibly be described given that the progression of machine solutions that happen to be in a position to undertake actions that demand human intelligence (Bostrom & Yudkowsky, 2013). These activities include visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. In simple terms, AI is the intelligence that might be put into the machines to enable the machines function the way human beings do. According to Dietrich (2014) , for any intelligence to be acquired and used by human beings or machines, the human head or the machine has to be taught very first. For instance, a human brain, which is genetically created to categorize elements needs to see several examples of animals before it can differentiate between cats and dogs. The development and evolution of AI has reached a point where some experts have begun to argue that AI can exchange human minds. Others have argued that AI will not ever swap human mind despite the abilities of AI in transforming the way in which human beings undertake functions. According to Hutter (2012), synthetic intelligence techniques can actually think and have a genuine head the way human beings do. Such methods need not only to have simulated intelligence, but really intelligent entities that have been modeled in machines to assist these machines work and think how human brain does. Hutter argued that computers are generally seen as useful tools to study the thoughts, allowing the empirical testing of models from the head. For such machines to equal the processing power of human beings, experts have to develop AI devices that match the processing power of a human brain on the long term. This is a possibility basing in brain that the processing capabilities of hardware devices have been increasing exponentially. The association between AI and human thoughts is not without controversy, however. Various scholars have argued that there isn’t a way AI solutions will equal the processing power belonging to the human brain. According to Bostrom & Yudkowsky (2013), the all-natural intelligence in human beings varies according to unconscious instincts versus the conscious symbolic manipulation of AI systems. Such expertise can don’t be captured by formal policies that can be usually employed in AI systems. Bostrom & Yudkowsky posits that the unconscious instincts in human beings are God-given healthy intelligence which can rarely be replicated in computers. Some roles that necessitate unconscious instincts may don’t be handled by AI devices. These roles include teaching, creative arts, professional sports, quality assurance and health (Dietrich, 2014). Strong arguments by the two of schools of considered on regardless if AI programs can switch human head has long been offered. One university of assumed believes that AI can replace the human brain even when another college believes AI can certainly not consider the position of human intellect. There’s no question that artificial intelligence will basically alter just how human beings undertake things in future. Despite the capabilities of AI in long run, AI programs will by no means http://essays.expert swap human mind. This is because the all natural intelligence in human beings relies on unconscious instincts versus aware symbolic manipulation of AI units. Such techniques can rarely be captured by official rules that will be usually employed in AI devices. This entry was posted on Friday, October 14th, 2016 at 1:37 am and is filed under Uncategorized. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Responses are currently closed, but you can trackback from your own site. Comments are closed.   ©2013. All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Beauty Fashion Health Cookery Insync Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Spirituality Tools Photos Videos Fashion Store हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home Health Beauty Insync Fashion Cookery Relationship Spirituality Pregnancy n Parenting Home n Garden Fashion Store Photos Videos Socail Share Mail Facebook Twitter gplus Home » Relationship » Beyond Love »Is The Average Man Stupid? Is The Average Man Stupid? By: Praveen Kumar Published: Friday, October 14, 2016, 8:24 [IST] Subscribe to Boldsky When you are young, you would surely dream of having a boyfriend who is extraordinary. You want him to be rich, intelligent, handsome, and muscular and so on. There is nothing wrong in having high expectations and trying to make your dreams come true. And if you are lucky enough, you may even find such a man! But is the average person stupid? How stupid is the average person? Well, many relationship experts have finally concluded that average men are more stable than the guys who are extraordinary, over intelligent, rich or famous. Now, it is up to you. But of course, it doesn't mean that any average person is okay to marry. This post only helps you to see the positive side of average men but it doesn't mean that any average person is okay to live with as many other factors apply. Read on... Point #1 Average people are easy to get along with. They don't have airs like the rich guys or intelligent guys. So they don't give you tough time to start a conversation with. Point #2 Average people have smaller egos. So, you don't need to bend your head down. In fact, would you like someone to dominate you? Men who think they are supermen try to dominate their women. May be an average guy is better, think again. Point #3 Average people forgive easily. So, if you have done a mistake, a headstrong guy would blame and complain till the next 10 years but an average man will just put it aside the next moment as he has seen a life that has its own ups and downs. Point #4 Average people have lesser expectations. So, he doesn't expect much from you. He may never expect you to be beautiful or smart or rich. He will just treat you as a good human being. Point #5 Average people may not cheat. As he is happy with you, he may not look elsewhere. But a handsome or intelligent guy who has extraordinary capabilities may feel good when other women check him out. Point #6 Average people never betray you. They stick to a partner for as long as possible as they are happy with whatever they got. But a guy who thinks he is the next James Bond may easily cheat you. Point #7 Average people will trust you. They may not suspect you and may give you more space. But a narcissistic egotistic guy may suspect you even if you open the window for fresh air. Read more about: love, romance, relationship, dating Other articles published on Oct 14, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... What Causes Pain In The Right Side Of The Chest 3 Kitchen Ingredients Can Treat Asthma Better Than Medicines! 7 Foods That Can Prevent Breast Cancer, Which You Must Try! Featured Posts Subscribe Newsletter Recommended Editor's Choice Signs He's A Boy Not A Man Awkward Things That Could Occur When You Sleep In His Place For The First Time Signs You Are Starving In Your Relationship Should I Defend My Mom Or My Wife? Tips For Dating Your Friend's Ex Love Vs. Money How To Project Your Girl To Parents Why Do We Miss Someone In Their Absence? + Show More Health, Beauty, Fashion, Relationship, Cookery Now answers to all your lifestyle queries are 2 steps away Receive lifetime benefits of our free newsletter No thanks, I'm better off solving my lifestyle issues myself   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO 100 e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO New Zealand urged to act now for the impact of artificial intelligence New Zealand urged to act now for the impact of artificial intelligence Institute of Directors and Chapman Tripp call for the creation of a high-level working group to help deal with AI-driven change. Divina Paredes (CIO New Zealand) 14 October, 2016 10:00 - - - - print email Comments AI-related industrial applications will replace humans in a number of readily disrupted fields, or any other industry involving routine tasks The Institute of Directors (IoD) and law firm Chapman Tripp are calling on the New government to establish a high-level working group to help New Zealand deal with artificial intelligence. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is expected to be smarter than humans within 24 years, so it is critical for New Zealand to act now, the two organisations said in a joint statement. The IoD and Chapman Tripp have developed a call to action paper highlighting the risks, opportunities and challenges AI presents. “AI is an extraordinary challenge for our future,” says IoD chief executive Simon Arcus. “Government and business leaders need to work together to promote greater development of AI technologies to ensure there is a coordinated approach to prepare for the impact AI will have on work, education and welfare. This requires big-picture thinking, long-term vision and appropriate oversight.” Simon Arcus of Institute of Directors Establishing a government led high-level working group is critical in helping New Zealand rise to the challenge Simon Arcus, Institute of Directors Read more Tech CEO rises to the challenges of big data and diversity The IoD and Chapman Tripp say New Zealand must move now to ensure it can manage all the risks AI may present, but also capitalise on the opportunities. “A working group with experts from science, business, law, ethics, society and government, should be tasked with considering the possible impacts, identifying areas of opportunity and concern and making recommendations on how New Zealand should prepare for AI-driven change,” says Bruce McClintock, head of technology, media and telecommunications, Chapman Tripp. “While the impact of AI on the New Zealand economy is unquantifiable, many sectors should be investing more in AI technologies to make the most of their full potential,” says Arcus. This extends from startups, to SMEs and corporates to government agencies and educational institutes,” says Arcus. “AI is an extraordinary challenge for our future. Establishing a government led high-level working group is critical in helping New Zealand rise to that challenge.” Read more SAS CEO Dr Jim Goodnight on the power of big data, literacy and philanthropy The two organisations cited the government’s work with the private sector to develop a National Cyber Security Strategy and establish a National Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT). “We also call for greater collaboration and coordination among AI researchers, policymakers and industry members at sector level,” they said. “Just as the Industrial Revolution reduced the demand for human labour in manufacturing and agriculture, AI technologies have the potential to reduce the need for skilled professionals in service fields that have been largely insulated from disruption, such as finance, accounting, law and medicine,” they noted in the report Artificial Intelligence - Opportunities and challenges for New Zealand: A call to action. AI has already disrupted many industries, the report states. The manufacturing industry was one of the first to experience the impact with increased automation and the use of robotics. Read more New Zealand organisations continue to experiment with IoT “AI-related industrial applications will replace humans in a number of readily disrupted fields, including call centres, customer services, legal document review, or any other industry involving other routine tasks. “It remains an open debate whether, like previous industrial revolutions, AI ultimately leads, after an initial period of disruption to established skills and industries, to greater employment as new work becomes available in areas that have not been automated.” How do we encourage new jobs and industries that AI may promote? Read more CIO upfront: ​A cybersecurity primer for SMBs The report said some key questions that need to be answered include: What New Zealand industries will be most disrupted by AI? What impact will AI have on our economy as some jobs are replaced by AI-driven automation? How do we encourage new jobs and industries that AI may promote? Read more The 'Google Steering Wheel Dilemma’ or why full autonomy may not be possible or desirable in smart machines How does the education system need to evolve to address AI-driven change? Should decisions made by AI systems be attributed to their creators? Should AI systems be recognised in law as legal persons? Are New Zealand’s regulatory and legislative processes adaptive enough to respond to and encourage innovations in AI? Send news tips and comments to divina_paredes@idg.co.nz Follow Divina Paredes on Twitter: @divinap Follow CIO New Zealand on Twitter:@cio_nz Sign up for CIO newsletters for regular updates on CIO news, views and events. Join us on Facebook. Join the CIO New Zealand group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags cybersecuritycertDXdigital transformationIoTStartupbusiness intelligenceInstitute of DirectorsAIInternet of ThingslegalM2Mprimary industriesartificial intelligencedisruptionmachine to machineChapman Tripp More about Chapman TrippComputer Emergency Response TeamFacebookNational ComputerTwitter Editor's Recommendations Battling trolls, unconscious bias and asking the right questions Liz Maguire of ANZ Bank: Taking customers on a digital journey SAS CEO Dr Jim Goodnight on the power of big data, literacy and philanthropy Why your next C-level hire is the Chief Data Officer Stephen Bowe of Bank of New Zealand: The digital catalyst Leadership for learning: A CIO's commitment Read more Veeam Resources Centre Symantec Agile Data Centre Related Whitepapers Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Facebook hires new CIO from media giant NBCUniversal NZ Internet Task Force boosts information sharing on cyber threats ​Ministry of Health choses Accenture consortium for electronic health record programme CMO-CIO Roundtable: Shifting digital from end enablement to whole-of-business strategy Inaugural CMO-CIO Exchange: Shifting the dial from digital disruption to customer innovation Microsoft adds Kubernetes support to Azure Container Service Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World Computerworld Reseller News
Skip to main content area You can close this video in 5 seconds.   AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER Smart Shopping BIG QUESTIONS Lists VIDEOS QUIZZES STORE PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections AMAZING FACTS LIVE SMARTER SMART SHOPPING BIG QUESTIONS LISTS VIDEOS QUIZZES PLUS Job Secrets Language Space Weather World War I Kennections STORE Google Researchers Develop an AI That Can Navigate the London Underground Share Shaunacy Ferro filed under: robots, science, technology Image credit:  Express Newspapers/Getty Images Like us on Facebook These days, artificial intelligence (AI) is capable of a lot of different things. Machines can come up with new beers, write films, mimic sounds, detect cancer, and beat humans at incredibly complicated games. And now, a new AI has figured out how to ride the subway. In a new study in Nature, artificial intelligence researchers at Google’s DeepMind report that they have developed a machine learning model they call a differentiable neural computer. It combines a computers’ ability to process complicated data with the machine learning ability of neural networks. This system has both memory, which allows it to make inferences and recall facts, and the ability to learn from previous experiences. They proved its capabilities, among other experiments, by having it tackle a task that can be hard even for people: It had to plan out the best route in an unfamiliar subway system—in this case, the London Underground. Because of its memory capabilities, it can reason its way through such a map system using what it has learned about other maps. In this case, the AI system was first trained on a series of graphs where it had to traverse certain routes and find the shortest route between points. After completing training of 1 million examples, it achieved 98.8 percent accuracy on these types of problems. Unlike previous systems, this one doesn’t need to be manually programmed. Instead, it can be trained to complete a task through examples or through trial and error. It can learn to understand relationships in graphs like subway maps or family trees, and find common connections. DeepMind hopes to further develop this type of artificial intelligence to tackle more complicated machine-learning tasks, like language processing or cognitive mapping. More from mental_floss...  How Did the Duck Hunt Gun Work?  Did Blowing into Nintendo Cartridges Really Help?  19 Old-Timey Slang Terms to Bolster Your Vocabulary  6 Amazing Animals That Practically Lived Forever October 13, 2016 - 8:30pm Share Shaunacy Ferro shaunacysays Shaunacy Ferro is a senior staff writer for MentalFloss.com. Her work has previously appeared in Fast Company, Popular Science, and Architect magazine, among others. She lives in Brooklyn and spends most of her free time taking photos of her cat. View the discussion thread. . POPULAR ON mental_floss Viewed Past: 1 day 1 week 1 month 1 year POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Natural Landmarks That No Longer Exist 8 Memorable Comics Screw-Ups A More Accurate World Map Wins Prestigious Japanese Design Award POPULAR ON mental_floss 10 Zip-A-Dee-Doo-Dah Facts About 'Song of the South' You Have to See This Weekend's Best Amazon Deals Watch Humans Take Over the World in 200,000 Years POPULAR ON mental_floss Is This the Most Mysterious Grave in Virginia? Why Ulysses S. Grant's Wife Always Posed in Profile Twins Born Across Daylight Saving Create Confusion Over Who's the Older Brother POPULAR ON mental_floss 8 Extraordinary Examples of Constrained Writing Zomething Different: The Zima Story 10 Old-Fashioned Swears to Spice up Your Cussin' POPULAR ON mental_floss 13 Freaky Facts About Disney's Tower of Terror Ride The Most Frequently Played Song in the World is One Everyone Hates 21 Rhetorical Devices Explained POPULAR ON mental_floss 11 Little-Known Words for Specific Family Members Here's Why Grape Ice Cream Isn't a Thing Who Cleans Up After Seeing Eye Dogs? NEWSLETTER A super-skimmable daily digest. Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Subscribe To Our Newsletter A super-skimmable Daily Digest filled with fun stories from our editors. About Privacy Authors RSS Terms Contact Customer Service Store ©2016 Mental Floss, Inc. All rights reserved. Mental Floss® is a registered trademark owned by Felix Dennis. mentalfloss.com is a trademark owned by Felix Dennis.
null
close × Are you getting the best rate from your broker? Compare your broker's rates now to find out if you can save money Choose your broker below Thank you for selecting your broker We are redirecting you to the Broker Center now Vanguard Fidelity TD Ameritrade E-Trade Other close × Welcome to ETFdb.com. Please help us personalize your experience. Select the one that best describes you Thank you for your submission, we hope you enjoy your experience Individual Investor Institutional Investor Financial Advisor Pricing Free Sign Up Login Database Screener Newsletter Free Tools News ETFdb PRO ETF Research Market Catalysts Trump's Victory Rising Interest Rates Italy EU Exit Yuan Devaluation Old Market Catalysts If Hillary Clinton Wins ETF Investing 101 ETF Industry ETF Investing ETF Trading Strategies ETF Tax Efficiency Expertise & Resources Q&A Interviews Investor Tools & Resources ETFdb.com Categories Income Investing Retirement Advice Dividend ETFs Fixed Income ETFs Equity Investing Equity ETFs Technology ETFs Financials ETFs Emerging Markets ETFs International ETFs Energy Investing Oil & Natural Gas ETFs Energy ETFs MLP ETFs Alternative Investing Precious Metals ETFs Commodity ETFs Real Estate ETFs Volatility ETFs Currency ETFs Currency Hedged ETFs Actively Managed ETFs Geared Investing Leveraged ETFs Inverse ETFs Popular ETFs QQQ VOO VTI GDX FV IWM BND XLE TLT IBB GLD WDIV QID SHY Advisor Center Practice Management Portfolio Management Trump's Victory Pricing Free Sign Up Login ETFdb.com Premium Forgot Password? Follow ETFdb.com Home Database Screener Newsletter Free Tools News ETFdb PRO ETF Research Market Catalysts Trump's Victory Rising Interest Rates Italy EU Exit Yuan Devaluation Old Market Catalysts If Hillary Clinton Wins ETF Investing 101 ETF Industry ETF Investing ETF Trading Strategies ETF Tax Efficiency Expertise & Resources Q&A Interviews Investor Tools & Resources ETFdb.com Categories Income Investing Retirement Advice Dividend ETFs Fixed Income ETFs Equity Investing Equity ETFs Technology ETFs Financials ETFs Emerging Markets ETFs International ETFs Energy Investing Oil & Natural Gas ETFs Energy ETFs MLP ETFs Alternative Investing Precious Metals ETFs Commodity ETFs Real Estate ETFs Volatility ETFs Currency ETFs Currency Hedged ETFs Actively Managed ETFs Geared Investing Leveraged ETFs Inverse ETFs Popular ETFs QQQ VOO VTI GDX FV IWM BND XLE TLT IBB GLD WDIV QID SHY Advisor Center Practice Management Portfolio Management Trump's Victory Technology ETFs The Best ETFs to Capitalize on the Rise of Artificial Intelligence Technology ETFs Share The Best ETFs to Capitalize on the Rise of Artificial Intelligence Justin KuepperOct 13, 2016 2016-10-13 Artificial intelligence – or AI – may sound like a sci-fi concept that remains a distant possibility, but the odds are that you’ve already interacted with some form of AI. For example, Facebook Inc. (FB) uses AI to recognize faces in images that users post, Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) uses AI to predict what you’re searching for before you’re even done typing and Amazon Inc. (AMZN) uses AI to predict what products you’ll buy. In this article, we’ll take a look at the best exchange-traded funds (ETFs) for investors to consider in the artificial intelligence space. Growth in AI Artificial intelligence is widely seen as a technology that will replace human work. While robots have taken a lot of manufacturing jobs, artificial intelligence has thus far only complemented knowledge workers by making their jobs easier. Mustafa Suleyman, co-founder of Alphabet’s DeepMind, believes that AI is still decades away from replacing knowledge workers on a large scale, although it’s something people should “pay attention to.” According to ReportsnReports, the artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a 53.65% compound annual growth rate from $419.7 million in 2014 to $5.05 billion by 2020. Machine learning technology is expected to account for the largest share of the growth as it’s used to improve media and advertising, as well as the financials sector. Furthermore, artificial intelligence as a replacement for human intelligence could emerge over the next five years. Over the longer term, these technologies could be used to solve complex financial problems and develop healthcare solutions pertaining to clinical trials and related studies. A great example would be assimilating the data from millions of clinical trials in order to find similarities that investigators could then target for the treatment of certain diseases. These kinds of drug discovery applications could generate billions in revenue for biotech firms leveraging AI. Investing in AI There are many different companies that are actively focused on research and development activities in the artificial intelligence industry. While oftentimes these companies are focused on a particular segment of the AI market, such as healthcare or e-commerce, there are also several companies that are researching AI in a purer sense, including IBM and Alphabet. According to Reportsnreports, some of the top publicly traded companies in the global AI market include: IBM Corp. (IBM) Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) Google Inc. (GOOGL) Rocket Fuel Inc. Mobileye NV (MBLY) Most investors might be better off investing in ETFs since they provide instant diversification across the entire industry. Global X recently launched its Robotics & Artificial Intelligence Thematic ETF (BOTZ n/a) that provides exposure targeting the industry with an expense ratio of 0.68%. The ETF’s top holdings include SMC Corp. (SMECF) and ABB Ltd. (ABB) at around 8% of the portfolio a piece. The Robo Global Robotics & Automation Index ETF (ROBO ) is another option for investors to consider with a 0.95% expense ratio. Some of the fund’s largest holdings include iRobot Corp. (IRBT) and Cognex Corp. (CGNX), although no single stock accounts for more than 2.5% of the portfolio. This makes it a more diversified option than the Global X ETF that’s focused on artificial intelligence. ETFdb’s Stock Exposure Tool can help investors find additional ETFs that have significant holdings in companies focused on AI research and development. In addition, investors can check their existing holdings to see how much exposure they already have to these companies. Risks to Consider Investors should keep in mind that there are several important risk factors to consider when investing in emerging technologies like artificial intelligence. Some of these key risk factors include: Expense Ratios. Many specialized ETFs have higher expense ratios than broad market index ETFs, which means that investors should factor in these costs. Indirect Exposure. Many companies involved in AI R&D are also focused on other industries, which could increase their risk in these areas. For example, Alphabet Inc. has an AI research division, but its stock trades based on its ad division’s performance. Long-term Play. Artificial intelligence remains in its infancy, although it’s seeing strong double-digit growth rates. Investors should be aware that the industry could take decades to fully mature and deliver exceptional value. The Bottom Line The artificial intelligence industry is already worth more than $400 million per year and is expected to grow at a 50%+ clip to more than $5 billion by 2020. Investors looking to capitalize on these opportunities may want to consider the Global X Robotics & Artificial Intelligence Thematic ETF (BOTZ n/a) as a pure-play or other ETFs that have overweight holdings of companies involved in R&D focused on machine learning and AI. Get Email Updates Subscribe to receive FREE updates, insights and more, straight to your inbox Popular Articles Sponsored Best Online Brokers 2016-10-13 At ETFdb.com a large portion of our readership is of a discerning, self-directed nature. As such,... PRO News High-Yield Prospects: November 13 Edition Ani GupteNov 13, 2016 2016-11-13 Here is a look at ETFs that currently offer attractive income opportunities. The high-yield... PRO News Best & Worst Weekly Performers: November 12 Edition Ani GupteNov 12, 2016 2016-11-12 Here is a look at the 25 best and 25 worst ETFs from the past trading week. Traders can use this... Loading Articles... Knowledge Centers Help & Info Contact Us About Us Mission Statement Sitemap ETFdb.com in the News Tools ETF Screener ETF Analyzer Mutual Fund to ETF Converter Head-To-Head ETF Comparison ETF Country Exposure Tool ETF Stock Exposure Tool ETFdb.com Realtime Ratings Model Portfolios More Tools ETF Analytics ETF Launch Center ETF Friendly Advisors Financial Advisor & RIA Center ETFdb.com RSS Feed Data & Licensing ETFdb.com iOS App ETFdb.com Android App Explore ETFs ETF Picks of the Month ETF Category Reports Premium Articles Monthly Newsletter Alphabetical Listing of ETFs Best ETFs Browse ETFs by ETFdb.com Category Browse ETFs by Index Browse ETFs by Issuer Compare ETFs ETFdb.com 60 ETF Library ETFdb.com TV Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow ETFdb.com Follow ETFdb.com Mitre Media Advertise With Us © 2016 Mitre Media × Close Free ETFdb.com Newsletter Get the latest ETF news, analysis, and commentary from the independent authority on ETFs. Subscribe to the ETFdb.com Daily Roundup today. Actionable ETF Investment Ideas Analysis of Every New ETF ETF News and Head-to-Head Comparisons We Respect Your Privacy × Close Advertisement Close × Close Wait! Is your portfolio protected for what the markets will bring this fall? ETF Investing The Low-Risk “All-Weather” Portfolio Joel Kranc 2015-10-20 Creating a properly diversified portfolio can be a difficult proposition, especially when... ETF Investing Low Volatility ETF List Low Volatility ETFs invest in securities with low volatility characteristics. These funds tend to have relatively stable share prices, and higher than average yields. ETF Investing 10 ETFs for Risk Reduction in Your Portfolio Bob Ciura 2016-03-22 Investors who suspect that the stock market may be about to decline can take action to reduce the... Close } X
null
Austria News Austrian News – the short news from Austria AUSTRIA SHOP <-- ... ... --> AUSTRIA FORUM Seiten Startseite Insurance Archives Austria Links News Links Archiv November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 November 2014 December 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 June 204 Kategorien Art Court of Justice Crime Culture Economy Education General Health Local News Money People Politics Religion Sport Tourism Artificial intelligence: can it at any time take a destination of human intellect? Artificial intelligence: can it at any time take a destination of human intellect? The debate as to it doesn’t matter if Synthetic Intelligence (AI) can switch human intelligence happens to be heading on for a while with just about every faculty of believed advancing different good reasons. There is absolutely no question that artificial intelligence will basically switch the way human beings undertake important things in future. Even though there have been a normal consensus over the capabilities of AI in adjusting the way human beings undertake operations, researchers have disagreed within the extent to which AI will adjust items in the future. In such a regard, these authors have argued the all-natural intelligence in human beings depends upon unconscious instincts as opposed to mindful symbolic manipulation of AI systems. These expertise could by no means be captured by official guidelines in AI systems. Within this paper, I talk about the positions by equally universities of assumed. The rest belonging to the paper is structured as follows: Primary, AI is d defined to offer an general point of view on its loving relationship with all the human mind. Next, considerations why AI can swap human brain could be introduced. Third, motives why AI are not able to exchange human intellect are going to be introduced and at last a conclusion will likely be done. AI can certainly be outlined as the improvement of home computer units that will be in a position to undertake pursuits that will need human intelligence (Bostrom & Yudkowsky, 2013). These pursuits include visual perception, speech recognition, decision-making, and translation between languages. In simple terms, AI is the intelligence that is put into the machines to enable the machines function the way human beings do. According to Dietrich (2014) , for any intelligence to be acquired and used by human beings or machines, the human head or the machine has to be taught initially. For instance, a human brain, which is genetically created to categorize elements needs to see several examples of animals before it can differentiate between cats and dogs. The event and evolution of AI has reached a point where some experts have begun to argue that AI can exchange human minds. Others have argued that AI will practically never substitute human thoughts despite the capabilities of AI in modifying just how human beings undertake functions. According to Hutter (2012), synthetic intelligence programs can actually think and have a genuine head the way human beings do. Such solutions need not only to have simulated intelligence, but really intelligent entities that have been modeled in machines to assist these machines work and think the way in which human intellect does. Hutter argued that computers could possibly be seen as useful tools to study the mind, allowing the empirical testing of models belonging to the thoughts. For such machines to equal the processing power of human beings, researchers have to develop AI http://essaycapital.org/essays devices that match the processing power of a human brain within the potential. This is a possibility basing in head that the processing abilities of hardware devices have been increasing exponentially. The association between AI and human mind is not without controversy, however. Various scholars have argued that there is absolutely no way AI solutions will equal the processing power belonging to the human brain. According to Bostrom & Yudkowsky (2013), the natural and organic intelligence in human beings will depend on unconscious instincts instead of the mindful symbolic manipulation of AI devices. Such competencies can do not ever be captured by official principles that happen to be usually employed in AI units. Bostrom & Yudkowsky posits that the unconscious instincts in human beings are God-given natural and organic intelligence which can not ever be replicated in computers. Some roles that demand unconscious instincts may under no circumstances be handled by AI programs. These roles include teaching, creative arts, professional sports, quality assurance and health (Dietrich, 2014). Strong arguments by the two of faculties of assumed on even if AI units can replace human intellect has become offered. One college of believed believes that AI can change the human thoughts even though another university believes AI can in no way just take the spot of human brain. There is no question that artificial intelligence will essentially alteration just how human beings undertake things in future. Despite the abilities of AI in upcoming, AI solutions will practically never replace human mind. This is because the all natural intelligence in human beings relies on unconscious instincts instead of conscious symbolic manipulation of AI units. Such abilities can never be captured by formal procedures that are usually employed in AI programs. Von Sonata am 13.10.2016 um 11:26 Uhr gespeichert unter General Kommentarfunktion ist deaktiviert suchen Austrian Cities Graz Innsbruck Klagenfurt Linz Salzburg Vienna European Cities Copenhagen Lisbon Madrid Paris Links Milka Chocolate Parquet Partner Kredit Meta Log in Valid XHTML XFN WordPress WPD Powered by WordPress • Theme by: BlogPimp/Appelt Mediendesign • Beiträge (RSS) und Kommentare (RSS) • Lizenz: Creative Commons BY-NC-SA. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read More Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
null
Skip to content To Inform is to Influence IO, SC, PD, what's in a name? Menu About Information Operations Holistic Organizers IO, Cyber, SC, PD Community Calendar #RussiaFail · #RussiaLies · Information Warfare · Russia Kurt Eichenwald: “Please, Media, Be Aware Of How Russian Disinformation Campaigns Work” October 14, 2016 Joel Harding Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald Posted By Tim Hains On Date October 13, 2016 Newsweek reporter Kurt Eichenwald discusses Agitprop with MSNBC’s Chris Matthews. KURT EICHENWALD, NEWSWEEK: Recently, the intelligence agencies and former intelligence agency directors have been putting out a lot of information saying, please, media, please be aware of what’s going on. Please be aware of how Russian disinformation campaigns work. One of the big things that a recent letter, came out October 6, was laid out. You will have information, really good valid information. Then it will start to change and be manipulated. And then as you get near to an election, a major piece of disinformation will be leaked and there will be no time to counter it. CHRIS MATTHEWSl This is agitprop, this is Lenin stuff… Anything that advances the cause of the Communist Party is what we do. Is the Kremlin, is it your understanding, they still go with that ethic, screwing up elections to the advantage of someody they may dislike less than the other person. EICHENWALD: They’ve done it in Estonia, they’ve done it in Ukraine, the Netherlands, they have a done in it Germany and now they’re doing it here. Some of the intelligence people I’m talking to are saying there is a question evolving on what is going on with Vladimir Putin? I mean, he is getting actually quite reckless. Source: http://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2016/10/13/kurt_eichenwald_please_be_aware_of_how_russian_disinformation_campaigns_work.html Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... Related Share this: Pinterest Tumblr LinkedIn Google Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Print Like this: Like Loading... #RussiaFail #RussiaLies CounterPropaganda information warfare Russia Russian propaganda Post navigation Previous Post World Socialist Web Site.Org Is A Classic Russian Disinformation Site Next Post What Reagan can teach us about handling Russia Blogroll Big-Eye News Compilation What do you do? Commercial IOTA Propaganda and Counter-Terrorism RSS Feeds  RSS - Posts  RSS - Comments Search for: My Tweets Russia in Decline toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/12/rus… https://t.co/2fqFoKL64q 1 day ago The Daily Vertical: Russia Is Not Immune toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/11/the… https://t.co/d8mtl7dsqf 2 days ago How Will Clinton’s EmailGate End With The Potomac Two-Step? toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/10/how… https://t.co/lKTDLty9mN 3 days ago Free Speech Has Limits, Especially When One Disagrees toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/10/fre… https://t.co/vVJ0iOMO4M 3 days ago The Daily Vertical: Watch This Cyberspace toinformistoinfluence.com/2016/11/10/the… https://t.co/Y1cFycSUaP 3 days ago Follow @joel_harding Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies from WordPress.com and selected partners. To find out more, as well as how to remove or block these, see here: Our Cookie Policy %d bloggers like this: %d bloggers like this:
We use cookies to provide you with a better onsite experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Skip to main content SubscribeMenu Scientific American English Cart 0 Sign In  |   Register Email:Password:Forgot password?LoginNot yet registered? SearchSubscribe English Español العربية Other Editions Search Close Search The Sciences Mind Health Tech Sustainability Education Video Podcasts Blogs Store SubscribeCurrent Issue Cart Sign In Register Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Computing Google's AI Reasons Its Way around the London Underground DeepMind’s latest technique uses external memory to solve tasks that require logic and reasoning—a step toward more humanlike AI By Elizabeth Gibney, Nature magazine on October 14, 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Reddit Email Print Share via Google+ Stumble Upon DeepMind's AI uses external memory to accomplish tasks that require reasoning, such as learning to navigate the London Underground. Credit: TOM PAGE Flickr CC BY-SA 2.0 Advertisement | Report Ad Artificial-intelligence (AI) systems known as neural networks can recognize images, translate languages and even master the ancient game of Go. But their limited ability to represent complex relationships between data or variables has prevented them from conquering tasks that require logic and reasoning. In a paper published in Nature on October 12, the Google-owned company DeepMind in London reveals that it has taken a step towards overcoming this hurdle by creating a neural network with an external memory. The combination allows the neural network not only to learn, but to use memory to store and recall facts to make inferences like a conventional algorithm. This in turn enables it to tackle problems such as navigating the London Underground without any prior knowledge and solving logic puzzles. Though solving these problems would not be impressive for an algorithm programmed to do so, the hybrid system manages to accomplish this without any predefined rules. Although the approach is not entirely new—DeepMind itself reported attempting a similar feat in a preprint in 2014—“the progress made in this paper is remarkable”, says Yoshua Bengio, a computer scientist at the University of Montreal in Canada. Memory magic A neural network learns by strengthening connections between virtual neuron-like units. Without a memory, such a network might need to see a specific London Undeground map thousands of times to learn the best way to navigate the tube. DeepMind's new system—which they call a 'differentiable neural computer'—can make sense of a map it has never seen before. It first trains its neural network on randomly generated map-like structures (which could represent stations connected by lines, or other relationships), in the process learning how to store descriptions of these relationships in its external memory as well as answer questions about them. Confronted with a new map, the DeepMind system can write these new relationships—connections between Underground stations, in one example from the paper—to memory, and recall it to plan a route. DeepMind’s AI system used the same technique to tackle puzzles that require reasoning. After training on 20 different types of question-and-answer problems, it learnt to make accurate deductions. For example, the system deduced correctly that a ball is in a playground, having been informed that “John picked up the football” and “John is in the playground”.  It got such problems right more than 96% of the time. The system performed better than ‘recurrent neural networks’, which also have a memory, but one that is in the fabric of the network itself, and so is less flexible than an external memory. Although the DeepMind technique has proven itself on only artificial problems, it could be applied to real-world tasks that involve making inferences from huge amounts of data. This could solve questions whose answers are not explicitly stated in the data set, says Alex Graves, a computer scientist at DeepMind and a co-author on the paper. For example, to determine whether two people lived in the same country at the same time, the system might collate facts from their respective Wikipedia pages. Although the puzzles tackled by DeepMind’s AI are simple, Bengio sees the paper as a signal that neural networks are advancing beyond mere pattern recognition to human-like tasks such as reasoning. “This extension is very important if we want to approach human-level AI.” This article is reproduced with permission and was first published on October 13, 2016. Advertisement | Report Ad ABOUT THE AUTHOR(S) Elizabeth Gibney Elizabeth Gibney works for Nature magazine. Recent Articles Inside Microsoft's Quest for a Topological Quantum Computer Schiaparelli Lander Prepares for Touchdown on Mars Photos Reveal Location of Lost Comet Lander Philae Nature magazine Recent Articles New AI-Based Search Engines are a "Game Changer" for Science Research Machine-Learning Algorithm Quantifies Gender Bias in Astronomy Does Smiling Make Cartoons Funnier? Advertisement | Report Ad Latest News Evolution Paleo Profile: The Invisible-Tusked Elephant 9 hours ago — Brian Switek Evolution The Biggest Saber Cat 11 hours ago — Brian Switek Cognition How Do Bonobos and Chimpanzees Talk to One Another? 13 hours ago — Felicity Muth Policy & Ethics In Case You Missed It: The Nasal Spray Flu Vaccine Doesn't Work, Britain Gets a Sugar Tax—and More! 15 hours ago Behavior & Society The Evolution of Grandparents 13 hours ago — Rachel Caspari Evolution Leaf Mines Say Southern Hemisphere Recovered Faster from Asteroid 15 hours ago — Jennifer Frazer Report Ad Share Latest Every Issue. Every Year. 1845 - Present Neuroscience. Evolution. Health. Chemistry. Physics. Technology.Subscribe Now! Follow us Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Store About Press Room More FAQs Contact Us Site Map Advertise Special Ad Sections SA Custom Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Scientific American is part of Springer Nature, which owns or has commercial relations with thousands of scientific publications (many of them can be found at www.springernature.com/us). Scientific American maintains a strict policy of editorial independence in reporting developments in science to our readers.© 2016 Scientific American, a Division of Nature America, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Scientific American Mobile App Download it for free on your Android or iOS device. GET APP
Follow @triplepundit 45.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Companies Vs Climate Change This event is intended for any professional at any company who is involved in the process of decreasing their company’s carbon footprint and is part of the effort to solve climate change. Ask about 3p discounts! register now Nov 30-Dec 2, Ft. Lauderdale Twitter Chat: #ForcedFashion with C&A Foundation Join C&A Foundation on December 5th where we’ll be looking at forced labor – an issue that still plagues supply chains around the world. register now Dec 5 on Twitter Twitter Chat: Waste Reduction with the Experts at Yum! Brands #YumCSR Join Yum! Brands to discuss how one of the world’s largest restaurant companies is focused on waste reduction in its stores and in the larger restaurant industry. register now Nov 17 on Twitter More Events… Close Special Series Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Sustainable Innovation In this series, we’ll explore what innovation means when it comes to product engineering. Sometimes a great idea can take decades to turn into a reality, and that’s a good thing. Sponsored by United Technologies Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health How Cotton Goes Beyond Fabric, Sustainably In this series we’ll explore the lesser-known uses of the versatile cotton plant, insights into its environmental impact, and its complex supply chain which extends from around the world to the couch you might be sitting on right now. Sponsored by Cotton Incorporated Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 25% OFF: Companies Vs Climate Change Conference discount code "P100COM". Register here. The Next CSR Challenge: Engaging in a Dialogue About Artificial Intelligence by Jim Pierobon on Friday, Oct 14th, 2016 Information Technology Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Products using artificial intelligence (AI) are creeping into our lives: in the home, online, at work, in the marketplace, in the doctor’s office. What if AI gets carried away, if it hasn’t already? Plenty of movies and books contemplate this. While those scenarios may be easy to dismiss, the consequences of what could happen are not. Unless it’s fully grasped for its benefits, companies that use AI are putting their brands at risk if society doesn’t adequately understand how it benefits from the technology. That’s my principal take-away from reading a relatively new book – “Connect, How Companies Succeed by Engaging Radically with Society.” I also spoke with two of its authors, former BP Chairman Lord John Browne and technology entrepreneur Tommy Stadlen. McKinsey & Co. partner Robin Nuttall also helped write the book. At the risk of over-simplification, the opportunities and challenges for businesses and governments deploying AI can be boiled down to one question: Do consumers trust how it’s being deployed? The answer to that question, Browne, Nuttall and Stadlen opine, will either propel AI forward or turn back the clock. In “Connect,” you’ll be reminded of German philosopher Georg Hegel, who said what “history teaches us is that people and governments have never learned anything from history.” Are the developers of AI listening? So, as it defines the future, will technology companies (and who isn’t one these days) learn from the past?  Will the new Google Home, Tesla’s driverless cars, Apple’s latest iPhone, GE’s new industrial machines, IBM’s Watson and Amazon’s Echo – to name just a few – continue building trust? Or could one or a series of missteps disrupt the rush to deploy and make money using AI? While that question may never be answered, it will be “the hot button issue,” at least for the next five years, Stadlen asserts. CBS’ 60 Minutes illuminated the same last Sunday. “There is a real fear of the leverage to do harm that technology represents,” Stadlen said. “People are wary of what big business will do with technology that is incredibly complex and unknown to consumers and regulators.” With all the advances digital applications are making, Stadlen said, it needs to do a much better job of explaining AI’s benefits to society. And to do that, corporate leaders must engage their stakeholders in radical ways that only a handful of companies have even contemplated, much less carried off successfully. Perhaps the biggest exposure to AI is the looming prospect of robots taking over a significantly new array of manual jobs.  McKinsey researchers say they found 40 percent of today’s labor activities can be automated with currently available technologies. If that plays out, there are significant implications for businesses, elected officials and everyone who tries to influence them, Stadlen said. Until now, society has seen the creation of enough new jobs to more than replace the jobs being eliminated by industries on the decline. But the halo Stadlen said hovers over many technology breakthroughs could vanish quickly unless the Silicon Valley culture enables an accessible platform, or forum, to guide civil society through the AI pitfalls that loom. The best way to approach such a far-reaching endeavor, Stadlen said, is to create an independent advisory panel with real powers. “I would put on that panel representatives of government, unions, civil society, NGOs – a real cross-section of key stakeholders. I would arm them with all the information they need and make their work authoritative.” Information is critical, Stadlen said, because it’s the imbalance of information that complicates, if not blocks, useful dialogues that can bridge gaps between experts and the public. The authors call for “radical openness” in the sharing of information. “Business takes advantage of that to society’s detriment,” Stadlen says. In response, governments “slam down” burdensome regulations that turn out to be bad for business and undercut what it can do for society and the money it can make. “We need to avoid that with artificial intelligence.” A good example in their book of an industry constantly under the microscope but that also helps power the world are oil and gas producers. Browne recounts a useful example of radical openness when he led BP to produce natural gas in 2002 from the “supergiant” Tangguh field in Bintuni Bay, off the Bird’s Head Peninsula of Papua, Indonesia. Perhaps some companies deploying AI see the value of formally engaging with civil society. On Sept. 28, executives at Microsoft and the DeepMind unit at Google, along with founding support from Amazon, Facebook and IBM, launched the Partnership on AI nonprofit. The partnership’s stated goals are to “study and formulate best practices on A.I. technologies, to advance the public’s understanding of AI, and to serve as an open platform for discussion and engagement about AI and its influences on people and society.” The partnership was met by the technology trade press with some skepticism. Microsoft’s Eric Horvitz, who co-chairs the partnership with DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman, told a press briefing that recent hype concerning AI’s threats and a resulting “echo chamber of anxiety” is among the dynamics that pushed the companies to collaborate. Horvitz and Suleyman invite any tech company, research group and non-profit to join the partnership, the Verge reported. They say “leadership will be shared equally” among the founding corporations and non-corporate participants. The way Browne, Nuttall and Stadlen see it, the partnership should specify quickly how inclusive it will be and the genuine authority and real powers it will have. “This is an excellent step in the right direction,” Stadlen said. “Technology companies have to earn the moral license to operate when it comes to complex and ethically-charged domains such as AI. It’s on industry to persuade society that AI will benefit ordinary people, and is safe in the hands of companies.” “To build credibility and trust,” he continued, “you have to give independent voices real authority and genuine independence.” He called on the Partnership to “publish what the academic and civil society experts say and follow their recommendations.” Information Technology Recent headlines from the 293 articles in this category: Greenpeace: Samsung’s Exploding Phone Presents Opportunity for Leadership Social Media Firms Hand Reams of Data on Law-Abiding Citizens to Law Enforcement New Project Gives Info On Congressional Climate Change Positions Clean energy advocate, strategic marketer and story teller with 15+ years supervisory experience and a proven track record achieving strategic and program objectives for energy, utility, technology and other clients in their marketplaces and policy arenas while engaging their priority stakeholders and target audiences. I'm always on the lookout for innovative policies, people, technologies and businesses that are demonstrating how sustainability can be both healthy and profitable. Catch my blog posts at TheEnergyFix.com. I've also written for The New York Times, Houston Chronicle, The Huffington Post and TheEnergyCollective.com. Follow Jim Pierobon @JimPierobon Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2016 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Printing industry’s ticking time-bomb, Crimson under fire, the beginning of Brexit’s ‘phoney war’ Duncan Bridgeman Friday October 14, 2016 Share Play NBR radio on In NBR Print today: The vicious five-year price war Fuji Xerox has waged on both sides of the Tasman may yet topple many small businesses, leading print industry figures say. They claim the beleaguered company has begun strictly enforcing contracts with its customers, and fear many will be unable to pay their debts. Karyn Scherer follows up her recent investigation of the company’s accounting practices with an in-depth look at the flow on effects to the wider industry. Concerns have been raised that New Zealand is not preparing for the inevitable advance of artificial intelligence, reports Calida Smylie. There is a 50% chance AI will surpass average human intelligence within 24 years, rising to 90% by 2076, according to an Oxford University study. AI will cause major issues in almost every sector, Institute of Directors CEO Simon Arcus says. Following scepticism over its valuation, Crimson Consulting is copping criticism for the onerous non-compete and restraint of trade clauses it’s imposing on its contractors.Insisting on young tutors signing up to a 12-month restraint of trade “far exceeds what is reasonable for an independent contract,” according to solicitor Jennifer Walsh, who says it would be excessive even in an employee agreement. Campbell Gibson reports. A partial takeover offer for NZX-listed Airwork proposed by obscure Chinese company Zheijiang Rifa is a sign of a missed opportunity for New Zealand investors, writes Tim Hunter in Hunter’s Corner. If successful, the offer will leave Airwork 75% owned by an overseas company with negligible experience of aviation. Minority investors will be in a poor position as a result. The 20th anniversary of the first MMP election is time to take stock – not just of the system itself but what caused it to be adopted, writes Rob Hosking. In viewing Europe’s economic and political deadlock, and the rage-fuelled campaigns that produced the Brexit vote and the candidacies of Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders, New Zealanders can look on and say, “been there, done that.” Theresa May’s pledge to invoke Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty by the end of March 2017 effectively began the manoeuvring for position that precedes the start of open hostilities, writes Michael Coote. The UK will adopt a “divide and rule” strategy to prevent agreement against its interests by the EU’s disunited members. All this and more in today's NBR Print Edition. Out now. Read more from Duncan Bridgeman Email Duncan : dbridgeman@nbr.co.nz Follow @@Dunc1000 Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags NBR Paper Pointer Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7088 -0.0021 -0.30% AUD 0.9393 -0.0010 -0.11% EUR 0.6570 0.0005 0.08% GBP 0.5641 -0.0011 -0.19% HKD 5.4972 -0.0172 -0.31% JPY 76.2420 0.2630 0.35% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1224.3 -30.850 2016-11-11T00: Oil Brent 44.7 -1.090 2016-11-11T00: Oil Nymex 43.4 -1.240 2016-11-11T00: Silver Index 17.4 -1.360 2016-11-11T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6701.8 6742.9 6697.8 0.60% NASDAQ 5191.8 5241.1 5208.8 0.54% DAX 10702.9 10714.5 10630.1 0.36% DJI 18781.7 18855.8 18807.9 0.21% FTSE 6828.0 6849.0 6828.0 -1.43% HKSE 22344.2 22359.0 22531.1 -1.29% NI225 17467.5 17697.3 17374.8 1.71% ASX 5370.7 5370.7 5370.7 -0.47% Most Popular Read Wellington CBD shut down after 7.5 North Canterbury quake shakes country Capital Merchant Finance and Perpetual Trust case settled MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares gain Central Otago Pinot Noir takes top trophy at Air New Zealand Wine Awards Tower shares hit by Kaikoura quake Commented Auckland bureaucrats 'out-of-control' with $500K new slogan The day after Election Day Hunter’s Corner: A short critique of Gareth Morgan Simon puts Telecom back together New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. National president of the Restaurant Association Mike Egan on how the earthquake has impacted small businesses in the capital Insurance Council's Tim Grafton with advice for those suffering earthquake damage Some quake-hit farmers won't be able to milk for a while yet, Fed Farmers North Canterbury dairy chair Michael Woodward says Rob Hosking says quake will accelerate infrastructure spending First NZ Capital's Chris Green on housing market bounce back Only available on Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Printing industry’s ticking time-bomb, Crimson under fire, the beginning of Brexit’s ‘phoney war’
nature.com Sitemap Register Login Nature International weekly journal of science Search Go Advanced search Home News & Comment Research Careers & Jobs Current Issue Archive Audio & Video For Authors News & Comment News 2016 November Article Nature | News Sharing Google's AI reasons its way around the London Underground DeepMind’s latest technique uses external memory to solve tasks that require logic and reasoning — a step toward more human-like AI. Elizabeth Gibney 13 October 2016 Article tools Rights & Permissions Mary Evans Picture Library DeepMind's AI uses external memory to accomplish tasks that require reasoning, such as learning to navigate the London Underground. Artificial-intelligence (AI) systems known as neural networks can recognize images, translate languages and even master the ancient game of Go. But their limited ability to represent complex relationships between data or variables has prevented them from conquering tasks that require logic and reasoning. In a paper published in Nature on 12 October1, the Google-owned company DeepMind in London reveals that it has taken a step towards overcoming this hurdle by creating a neural network with an external memory. The combination allows the neural network not only to learn, but to use memory to store and recall facts to make inferences like a conventional algorithm. This in turn enables it to tackle problems such as navigating the London Underground without any prior knowledge and solving logic puzzles. Though solving these problems would not be impressive for an algorithm programmed to do so, the hybrid system manages to accomplish this without any predefined rules. Although the approach is not entirely new — DeepMind itself reported attempting a similar feat in a preprint in 20142 — “the progress made in this paper is remarkable”, says Yoshua Bengio, a computer scientist at the University of Montreal in Canada. Memory magic A neural network learns by strengthening connections between virtual neuron-like units. Without a memory, such a network might need to see a specific London Undeground map thousands of times to learn the best way to navigate the tube. DeepMind's new system — which they call a 'differentiable neural computer' — can make sense of a map it has never seen before. It first trains its neural network on randomly generated map-like structures (which could represent stations connected by lines, or other relationships), in the process learning how to store descriptions of these relationships in its external memory as well as answer questions about them. Confronted with a new map, the DeepMind system can write these new relationships — connections between Underground stations, in one example from the paper — to memory, and recall it to plan a route. DeepMind’s AI system used the same technique to tackle puzzles that require reasoning. After training on 20 different types of question-and-answer problems, it learnt to make accurate deductions. For example, the system deduced correctly that a ball is in a playground, having been informed that “John picked up the football” and “John is in the playground”.  It got such problems right more than 96% of the time. The system performed better than ‘recurrent neural networks’, which also have a memory, but one that is in the fabric of the network itself, and so is less flexible than an external memory. Although the DeepMind technique has proven itself on only artificial problems, it could be applied to real-world tasks that involve making inferences from huge amounts of data. This could solve questions whose answers are not explicitly stated in the data set, says Alex Graves, a computer scientist at DeepMind and a co-author on the paper. For example, to determine whether two people lived in the same country at the same time, the system might collate facts from their respective Wikipedia pages. Although the puzzles tackled by DeepMind’s AI are simple, Bengio sees the paper as a signal that neural networks are advancing beyond mere pattern recognition to human-like tasks such as reasoning. “This extension is very important if we want to approach human-level AI.” Journal name: Nature DOI: doi:10.1038/nature.2016.20784 References Graves, A. et al. Nature http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nature20101 (2016). Graves, A., Wayne, G. & Danihelka, I. Preprint at http://arxiv.org/abs/1410.5401 (2014). Related stories and links From nature.com Can we open the black box of AI? 05 October 2016 Artificial intelligence called in to tackle LHC data deluge 01 December 2015 Computer science: The learning machines 08 January 2014 Nature Special: The Go Files Author information Author details Elizabeth Gibney Search for this author in NPG journals PubMed Google Scholar For the best commenting experience, please login or register as a user and agree to our Community Guidelines. You will be re-directed back to this page where you will see comments updating in real-time and have the ability to recommend comments to other users. Comments Comments Subscribe to comments There are currently no comments. See other News & Comment articles from Nature Canada's proposed natural-gas plant stirs more controversy The ultimate experiment: How Trump will handle science What scientists should focus on — and fear — under Trump AI science search engines expand their reach Open peer review finds more takers Playful rats reveal brain region that drives ticklishness Pollsters struggle to explain failures of US presidential forecasts Neuroscience: Tide of forgetting Books in brief Brain implants allow paralysed monkeys to walk Heavy smog, a huge ship and a smashing record Quest to map Africa’s soil microbiome begins The quiet rise of the NIH’s hot new metric How to defeat dementia Brexit chancellor’s annual address is a science nail-biter How scientists reacted to the US election results Donald Trump's US election win stuns scientists I can haz more science emoji? Host of nerd icons proposed The insect crisis we can’t ignore Political upheaval threatens Brazil’s environmental protections Social Media Box - AML E-alert RSS Facebook Twitter Close Follow @naturenews The approaching wave How to defeat dementia Three things are needed to turn the tide on the costliest crisis in health care. Top Content - Article Page Recent Canada's proposed natural-gas plant stirs more controversy Nature 11 November 2016 The ultimate experiment: How Trump will handle science Nature 11 November 2016 What scientists should focus on — and fear — under Trump Nature 11 November 2016 Read Majority of mathematicians hail from just 24 scientific ‘families’ Nature 26 Aug 2016 How to raise a genius: lessons from a 45-year study of super-smart children Nature 07 Sep 2016 Earth-sized planet around nearby star is astronomy dream come true Nature 24 Aug 2016 View all Commented Hillary Clinton will make a fine US president Nature 19 Oct 2016 39 comments Donald Trump's US election win stuns scientists Nature 09 Nov 2016 33 comments Young, talented and fed-up: scientists tell their stories Nature 26 Oct 2016 27 comments View all Newsletter The best science news from Nature and beyond, direct to your inbox every day. <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> State of confusion Pollsters struggle to explain failures of US presidential forecasts Most surveys did not predict Donald Trump’s victory over Hillary Clinton. Got the giggles Playful rats reveal brain region that drives ticklishness Experiments also reveal that rats are ticklish in similar places to humans Tough times Hard work, little reward: Nature readers reveal working hours and research challenges In an online poll, almost two-thirds of readers say they have considered quitting research. Monkey moves Brain implants allow paralysed monkeys to walk Swiss researchers travel to China to conduct pioneering experiment. Nature Podcast Listen This week, CERN for the brain, modelling the effects of a climate tax on food, and a brain-spine interface helps paralysed monkeys walk. Science jobs from nature jobs Faculty Position for Research Director of the Animal BSL3 Facility at Duke-NUS DUKE-NUS Medical school Ph.D. Program and Integrated MS-Ph.D. Program of IBS School-UST Institute for Basic Science Chief of Newborn Medicine Mass General for Children at North Shore Medical Center (NSMC) FACULTY POSITION Physics - Atomic, Molecular and Optical physics ; NYU Shanghai NYU SHANGHAI Gastroenterologist Loyola University Chicago Post a Job More Science Jobs Nature ISSN: 0028-0836 EISSN: 1476-4687 About us Contact us Accessibility statement Help Privacy policy Use of cookies Legal notice Terms Nature jobs Nature Asia Nature Education RSS web feeds About Nature Contact Nature About the Editors Nature awards Search Go © 2016 Macmillan Publishers Limited, part of Springer Nature. All Rights Reserved. partner of AGORA, HINARI, OARE, INASP, CrossRef and COUNTER
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it The Switch China has now eclipsed us in AI research The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Brian Fung October 13 Follow @b_fung (iStock) Humanity may still be years if not decades away from producing sentient artificial intelligence. But with the rise of machine-learning services in our smartphones and other devices, one type of narrow, specialized AI has become all the rage. And the research on this branch of AI is only accelerating. In fact, as more industries and policymakers awaken to the benefits of machine learning, two countries appear to be pulling away in the research race. The results will probably have significant implications for the future of AI. (Office of Science and Technology Policy/The White House) If you're not familiar with the term, “deep learning” is a subset of the overall branch of AI known as machine learning — which basically involves the use of computer algorithms to perform pattern recognition and analysis. It's this type of AI that powers personal digital assistants such as Google Now, for example. The chart above was published Wednesday by the Obama administration as part of a new strategic plan aimed at spurring U.S. development of artificial intelligence. What's striking about it is that although the United States was an early leader on deep-learning research, China has effectively eclipsed it in terms of the number of papers published annually on the subject. The rate of increase is remarkably steep, reflecting how quickly China's research priorities have shifted. The quality of China's research is also striking. The chart below narrows the research to include only those papers that were cited at least once by other researchers, an indication that the papers were influential in the field. (Office of Science and Technology Policy/The White House) Compared with other countries, the United States and China are spending tremendous research attention on deep learning. But, according to the White House, the United States is not investing nearly enough in basic research. “Current levels of R&D spending are half to one-quarter of the level of R&D investment that would produce the optimal level of economic growth,” a companion report published this week by the Obama administration finds. The government is pushing for a major role for itself in AI research, and here's why: Becoming a leader in artificial-intelligence research and development puts the United States in a better position to establish global norms on how AI should be used safely. When AI stands to transform virtually everything including labor, the environment, and the future of warfare and cyberconflict, the United States could be put at a disadvantage if other countries, such as China, get to dictate terms instead. business technology the-switch true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Brian Fung covers technology for The Washington Post, focusing on telecommunications and the Internet. Before joining the Post, he was the technology correspondent for National Journal and an associate editor at the Atlantic. Follow @b_fung Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 A new theory for why Trump voters are so angry — that actually makes sense 2 Donald Trump is about to face a rude awakening over Obamacare 3 Researchers have found a surprisingly powerful effect of sleeping more 4 Poor people pay for parking even when they can’t afford a car 5 Why these rural, white, gun-owning guys didn’t vote for Trump Market Watch DJIA 0.21% NASDAQ 0.54% Get quote Last Update: 11/14/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business technology the-switch Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing More from The Post
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out national Search Crime Politics Science Education Health 1 NEWS NOW Weather Quizzes Environment Oddstuff Women of Influence BREAKING NEWS Another severe aftershock of magnitude 6 has been widely felt ... Read more 'One of the biggest hurdles for a dyslexic is self-esteem' MATT STRAWBRIDGE Last updated 21:05, October 13 2016 UNICEF Matt is 17 years old and was made to feel stupid growing up, but learned to see his dyslexia as a strength and now has become an advocate for dyslexic kids. Matt Strawbridge is a 17-year-old student who is dyslexic. He says that children with dyslexia, and other learning difficulties, are frequently made to feel stupid, even though they are often highly intelligent. In the very early years at school, no one can really read or write, so it's not as obvious that you have dyslexia until everyone else starts doing proper schoolwork. I can remember now, thinking that I must be stupid. I can't do it. Why can everyone else do it? In primary school, we would have reading groups, where everyone would take their turn reading aloud from a picture book. My turn would come, and I would look at the picture on the page, and make up a story to go with it. My teacher would be disappointed with me, because that wasn't what was written. When you are ten years old, there shouldn't be much to be upset about, but reading and writing was just such a battle for me. Reading shouldn't be such a hard thing if you really think about it — it's just letters and words on a page. But when those words are moving around on the page, it's just such a mission. Everyone with dyslexia is different, but for me, I see words moving around crazily. I used to read each individual letter, one-by-one, and then make the word up from there. Now, it is easier, and I can see individual words.   READ MORE: * Why Stuff is working with Unicef New Zealand * My school day: Drama, dyslexia, piano and Kafka ​* Designer creates font to show what it's like to have dyslexia * Seven myths about dyslexia put to rest * As Timor-Leste turns 16, pre-schools are vital * Kiribati children at the mercy of climate change * Unicef's pictures of the world's children in 2015 * Attacks in Aleppo leave kids in constant danger    SUPPLIED Matt: Dyslexic kids are highly intelligent, so it is frustrating as you want to learn and without reading learning is very difficult.   Dyslexic kids are highly intelligent, so it is frustrating as you want to learn and without reading learning is very difficult. I was having these thoughts at the age of ten, because I couldn't read or write. People with dyslexia – and other learning differences – are made to feel stupid, often by people who are uneducated about their situation, but should be. It is a really heartbreaking experience for parents and kids. To hear someone call you stupid at a very young age, really reinforces what you are thinking already as a person. Mum was made to feel it was her fault and that I couldn't read. She was told that I just needed to focus and read more.   However, an educational psychologist helped me, who is fantastic. She explained to me all things that I would struggle with. She told me about famous people who were dyslexic, and it got me thinking "I can't read and write, can I get someone else to write for me? Can I just brainstorm the story, and then figure out what else to do".    One of the biggest hurdles for a dyslexic is self-esteem. The biggest change was training the voice in my head not to tell me, "I can't do this. I can't do this" to "OK, how are we going to do it?" For me to know that I was different, and that I could do something well, that would be the big thing. The big difference was when I reached out to help other dyslexic kids with dyslexia to make sure they didn't feel stupid. Having other things that I was good at that others found difficult also helped. Mountain biking was one of those things. It was my escape. I would drift off and think about that. If it wasn't for the mountain biking and helping others, then I would be a very different kid. I run workshops now, for dyslexic kids. I see myself when I was younger in them. I see all the things that they are going through. These workshops are so important for me, because I don't want anyone to feel the way I did growing up. I talk to them, and am not embarrassed about anything. If someone had talked to me when I was younger, it would have made a massive difference. As told to UNICEF New Zealand. UNICEF New Zealand stands for every child so they can have a childhood.   Ad Feedback  - Stuff Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next National story: Helicopters douse fire on Matakana Island National Homepage Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand quake causes casualties, tsunamis, and destruction Earthquake: Deaths, major damage after severe 7.5 quake hits Hanmer Springs, tsunami warning issued Photos: Large quake strikes New Zealand Earthquake: Tsunamis hit, warnings downgraded NZ Quake: What you need to know Ghost city: Wellington residents abandon central city after 7.5 earthquake 100-year-old woman pulled from wreckage at Elms Homestead Earthquake: Scenes of chaos and destruction around New Zealand Earthquake: Two dead in 7.5-magnitude quake Earthquake: Passengers finally off Interislander ferry after huge quake stopped it docking Live: 7.5 New Zealand quake causes casualties, tsunamis, and destruction Photos: Large quake strikes New Zealand Earthquake: Deaths, major damage after severe 7.5 quake hits Hanmer Springs, tsunami warning issued Ghost city: Wellington residents abandon central city after 7.5 earthquake Earthquake: Passengers finally off Interislander ferry after huge quake stopped it docking Earthquake: Isolated South Island towns damaged, cut off Earthquake: The quake swarm that followed the big one Earthquake: Two dead in 7.5-magnitude quake Organ at Wellington Cathedral suffers 'significant damage' in quake NZ Quake: What you need to know special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
null
Skip to site map Hello Sign Out My Profile Update Details My Subscription My Events Admin Site Login Sign Up Subscribe Today's Paper 30° Ipswich Ipswich Toogoolawah Esk Gatton Harrisville Lowood Loganlea Ripley News NEWS Local News Just In Letters to the Editor Opinion Queensland National World Off Beat Business Sport SPORT Local Sport National Sport Features Opinion NRL AFL Soccer Cricket Netball Golf Horse Racing Lifestyle LIFESTYLE Hey Mumma Outdoor Living Easy Eating Home & Style Gardening Travel Entertainment Fashion Smarter Shopping Health Parenting Dating Horoscopes Community COMMUNITY Community News Your Story Weddings Pets Photos Buy Photos Videos Local History Traffic Cameras Ipswich Council Page Chamber of Commerce What's on WHAT'S ON Events Competitions Guides Tourism Post Your Event Jobs JOBS Jobs News Training & Education Local Job Listings Post your Job Ad Motoring MOTORING Motoring News Road Test Future Models Local Motoring Listings Post your Motoring Ad Real Estate REAL ESTATE Real Estate News Local Real Estate Listings Property Guide Post your Real Estate Ad Classifieds FINDA Classifieds Real Estate Motoring Jobs Buy & Sell Notices Trades & Services Health & Beauty Personals Businesses for Sale Get a Tradie Post an Ad Find Your Local Search by keyword Search by location Search by category Add your business Special Features QT Magazine Resource Directory Stud Cattle Directory Step in the Right Direction QT Business Directory APN Network Menu Home Just In News Sport Lifestyle Community What's On Jobs Motoring Real Estate Obituaries Classifieds All Lifestyle How to praise children: When 'well done' isn't enough Bill Lucas | 15th Oct 2016 8:01 AM 0 PRINT Use this content Related Items VIDEO | It costs HOW MUCH to raise children? Poison warning for parents after 2500 kids hospitalised Child care centre vows to take unvaccinated kids Local Real Estate Subscribe Now How do you react when you hear expressions like "well done", "another A grade", "aren't you clever" and "great work"? Maybe you use them yourself with your children in the belief that it will encourage them to work hard and do well. It turns out that praise like this is not helpful and can actually damage children. Stanford University researcher Carol Dweck has shown that generalised praise of this kind can all too easily create learners who have what she calls a "fixed mindset". These children are afraid to make mistakes, unlikely to put in the necessary effort and, most importantly, unwilling to really practise because they have a fixed view of how smart they are. When you label a child as "clever" you are not helping them. For smart kids can all too easily think that effort is something that only those who are less clever have to put in to achieve results. Instead we need to be specific with our praise and focus on how the outcome was achieved: I really noticed how much effort you put into selecting interesting vocabulary in your opening paragraph. Well done! Or we might want more explicitly to connect the effort and the result in the child's mind by asking: Tell me how you organised your practice so that you managed to play that piece so beautifully. How to give effective feedback Praise which helps children see that success is a function of effort or practice or certain learning strategies develop a "growth mindset." With this mindset, children believe their intelligence can increase through hard work and they value learning over performance. Why does that matter? Young people with this mindset outperform their peers on tests and examinations, as well as develop vital capabilities like persistence. In short they become better learners. In the same spirit, when children tell us that they can't do something we need to firmly rephrase their pessimism by suggesting they can't yet do it. As parents and teachers it is helpful if we present learning as an activity which almost always involves a level of struggle to achieve mastery. At dinner time, this could be an opportunity for parents to share something which they are struggling to learn in their work. Or a teacher might take the opportunity to praise a group of students for sticking with a tricky maths problem rather than giving up. The teacher might also encourage them to share the methods they used with the rest of the class. She or he might also encourage students to share their essay drafts or design prototypes so that everyone gets the message that successful learners review, reflect and improve everything that they do. By explicitly modelling learning as a process which requires effort and strategy, students begin to see that discretionary effort is the key to success in life and in examinations or tests. Feedback consistency between parents and teachers How we praise children for their achievements is crucially important in shaping the ways in which children see themselves. And since teachers and parents or carers are the most influential adults in children's lives, the importance of good home-school communication is vitally important in engaging parents. Australia has taken a huge step forward by releasing a new tool to help parents and teachers take a consistent, supportive approach to developing family-school partnerships. This is a significant milestone in guiding how parents and teachers can have authentic conversations with students about complex issues and provide structured support for learning. As schools in Victoria implement the new focus on developing ways to assess what is often unhelpfully labelled as "soft skills" - such as solving problems in a group, coming up with good ideas, and changing your mind in the light of new evidence - the way teachers praise students will help to determine whether we see the kind of growth in resilience which politicians have laid down as a target. It will also impact on the way young people develop critical and creative thinking skills such as higher-order questioning, reasoning skills and meta-cognitive processes. As Carol Dweck puts it: If parents want to give their children a gift, the best thing they can do is to teach their children to love challenges, be intrigued by mistakes, enjoy effort and keep on learning. The same applies equally to teachers. Together they can help to develop the capable young Australians all parents and all teachers want to see. children Read More Login to follow lifestyle Read More Login to follow parenting Read More Login to follow praise Read More Login to follow Topics:  children lifestyle parenting praise 0 PRINT Just In 'Make preparations': QFES warn residents near Mt Chalmers bushfire Footage emerges of Salim Mehajer being arrested Motorist allegedly flees four-car pile-up How financial planner's million dollar scam unravelled Man who died at Ballina lived on the boat by himself: Police NZ quake survivor tells of terrifying night Top Stories Motorist allegedly flees four-car pile-up POLICE are investigating an alleged hit and run car crash during the after-school peak hour period this afternoon. News 14th Nov 2016 4:56 PM Woman allegedly bites police officer Why the council will be peering over your fence Dog owners beware, especially if you're a rule breaker Rail guru questions QR decision on trains Robert Dow goes into bat for commuters on Ipswich-Rosewood line AUDIO: Rickuss swaps parliament for ponies From bank clerk, to farmer to voice of the people Local Partners Community Your Story Local History More Community What's On Rail guru questions QR decision on trains Robert Dow goes into bat for commuters on Ipswich-Rosewood line Help teenager make a difference in The Congo Salomon's journey from refugee to agent for change Ipswich has future Craig Lowndes in its midst Coalminers vision takes another step Numbers of students at this school have parents talking Workmates honour crash victim with tribute Meet the Laidley bartender we are proud to call UGLY Five things to do this week What's on in Ipswich Five things to do this weekend Here's what's on in Ipswich Things to do around Ipswich What's on this weekend Entertainment CELEBRITY TV MOVIES MUSIC Deftones close Australian tour with an absolute scorcher Deftones steal the show at gig in Brisbane where they gave a spellbinding performance. Music 14th Nov 2016 5:12 PM Comment Bieber's New Years gig to cost fans up to 40K per VIP ticket Justin Bieber fans will have to pay up to $40,000 for a VIP ticket First look at Geoffrey Rush as Albert Einstein AUSSIE actor currently filming Genius for National Geographic. Mel B 'irked by Geri Horner's pregnancy announcement' Mel B hasn't taken Geri Horner's pregnancy well at all Sir Roger Moore: Aidan Turner would be a 'very good' Bond Sir Roger Moore thinks Aidan Turner would be "very good" as Bond Swift turns to Drake for new hip hop sound Taylor Swift has turned to Drake for a new hip-hop sound Sir Elton John: Britain is horrible at present Sir Elton John admits Britain is "horrible" at the moment. Real Estate Buy Rent More Real Estate Listing More Real Estate News 200 Glebe Road, Booval 4304 House 3 2 2 $318,000 It's got charm and plenty of appeal, you just can't beat the character of these solid post war timber homes. The current owners are moving to Brisbane and keen for... 65 Sandalwood Drive, Yamanto 4305 House 4 2 3 $429,000... In a market saturated with many quality homes be sure to put this one on your list before it is too late. Located in the sort after area of Yamanto this lowset... 16 Eric Drive, Blackstone 4304 House 5 2 4 Offers Over... Looking for a stylish lifestyle with a large 5 bedroom house? Then your dream home awaits you. Boasting: - 4 car parking with a double remote garage + double... 1 Garowie Court, Brassall 4305 House 3 2 2 $319,000 There is a little bit of work to do here, but this great home offers an awesome opportunity to add your own personal touch and instantly add value! The owner has... 93 Workshops, Brassall 4305 House 4 1 1 $289,000 This is undoubtedly the suburb surprise. This great family home is set on a 630m2 block in walking distance to shops, schools, sporting, public transport and... 1099 Warrill View Peak Crossing Road, Peak Crossing 4306 ... House 4 2 4 $500,000... Designed for those who enjoy luxury Queensland living, this is a home you'll want to show off and is only minutes from Peak Crossing School. This contemporary... 212 Roadvale Road, Roadvale 4310 3 2 4 $500,000 Looking for a lifestyle change? Then look no further! Properties like this are hard to come by and don't last long either. Located at Roadvale just 10 minutes... 15 Stapylton Street, Warrill View 4307 House 6 2 5 OFFERS CONSIDERED... Located at Warrill View just 8 minutes to Harrisville township and 25 minutes to Yamanto this one will surely impress. Set on a 1012m2 block this large home has... 74 Queen Street, Harrisville 4307 House 3 1 1 $295,000... Whether looking for an investment or first home, this beauty is ready to go and will not disappoint! Never been listed and features original Queenslander... 75 Glebe Road, Silkstone 4304 House 3 1 1 $387,000... This centrally located gem will wow you with it's modern renovation, which pays homage to the original 1920's character of the home. Upon entrance from the front... Yabba, dabba doo! Coast’s Flintstones house on market Hand-built stone cottage at property that become family's Bedrock $1.3 million home paves way for new housing market Now, the suburban stunner has new home owners Grandmother of seven evicted from home of 19 years Grandmother evicted from family home after not making her repayments Massive housing estate planned at mouth of bypass Huge development about 3km north of the Toowoomba CBD AUDIO: Swifts' renovation gives youth job hopes State Government funding lands 30 youth in traineeship positions Ready to SELL your property? Post Your Ad Here! © The Queensland Times Pty Limited 2016. Unauthorised reproduction is prohibited under the laws of Australia and by international treaty. APN APN Group Websites Need Help? Refer to our helpful FAQ section for any problems you might be experiencing. Queensland Times Ipswich News National News World News Sport Lifestyle Travel Shopping Business Real Estate Home Loans Horoscopes Ipswich Weather Newspapers in Education What's On Entertainment Events Place an event Competitions Ipswich Classifieds Jobs in Ipswich Cars for Sale in Ipswich Property listings in Ipswich Bargains for Sale in Ipswich Obituaries in Ipswich Personals in Ipswich Notices in Ipswich Property for Rent Houses for Sale Classifieds Garage Sale Recruitment Ipswich Trades and Services Air Conditioning Builders Carpet Cleaners Concreters Electricians Gardeners Handyman Painters Plumbers All Services About Queensland Times Audience Panel About Us Contact Us Our Team Use our Content Home Delivery ePaper Photo Sales Letters to the Editor Competition Terms APN News & Media Digital Advertising ARM Digital Marketing Solutions Group Sites Privacy Policy Terms of Use × Login to follow.
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback SFist is a website about San Francisco View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Robert Downey Jr. Wants To Be The Voice Of Mark Zuckerberg's AI Butler by Jack Morse in News on Oct 14, 2016 1:30 pm Photo by Ian Gavan via Getty. "This just got real." So wrote Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg yesterday after Robert Downey Jr. offered to record the voice of the tech titan's personal AI butler. As one of his always interesting new year's resolutions, Zuckerberg this year set out to custom build an artificially intelligent butler for his home. He appears to have made some progress, as yesterday he asked his legions of Facebook friends who he should have record the robot's voice. "It's time to give my AI Jarvis a voice," he posted, referencing the artificial intelligence in the Iron Man series starring Downey, "Who should I ask to do it?" In a testament to the grill master's influence and reach, he quickly received a response from the star of the movie himself. "I'll do in a heartbeat if [Paul] Bettany gets paid and donates it to a cause of [Benedict] Cumberbatch's choosing," wrote Downey, "that's the right kind of STRANGE!" Paul Bettany is the voice actor who played "Jarvis" in the series of films based on the Marvel Comic. As to just what, exactly, Downey as digital butler would be saying is unclear. The Chronicle reports that in August Zuckerberg spoke of the system's capabilities, saying they were relatively modest. "It just sees my face and it lets me in," Zuckerberg said of the butler allowing him into his San Francisco home. "So that is pretty fun." Perhaps Downey should start practicing his "Welcome home, sir." Previously: Mark Zuckerberg Resolves To Spend Free Time Building AI Butler To Watch Over His Child Contact the author of this article or email tips@sfist.com with further questions, comments or tips. ai facebook mark zuckerberg robert downey junior Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
recommended reading The Next President Will Face a Cyber Crisis. Here's How to Handle It How Agency Data Turned into 3-D Maps of the Oceans Quiz: Are You A Hacker's Best Friend? Adapting to a Citizen-Driven World Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Ethical Hackers // Code.gov // Virtual Reality Challenge // IT Modernization // Open Data Efforts // Smart Search Tool News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data Sponsored: FedTech Video: Obama Discusses His Artificial Intelligence Fears President Barack Obama speaks at the White House Frontiers Conference at Carnegie Mellon University. // Jared Wickerham/AP President Barack Obama has taken on the position of guest editor for Wired magazine for the month of October. He sat down to discuss his views on the intersection of government and technology, the advent of artificial intelligence and its many applications and implications.  So, is Obama concerned about a super intelligence overthrowing the government? Not quite. "Part of my directive to my national security is 'don't worry as much yet about machines taking over the world, do worry about the capacity of either nonstate actors or hostile actors to penetrate systems,'" he said. A more pressing concern of the president is specialized AI and algorithms that use pattern recognition and data analytics to do jobs previously done by humans. "The vulnerability of a lot of our systems is gonna be coming around pretty quick," Obama said.  Watch the rest of the conversation in the video below from Wired:  By Caitlin Fairchild October 14, 2016 recommended for you Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size ADD A COMMENT Emerging Technology: The Government of the Future Has Arrived Textual Chemistry: Getting to Know Citizens Through Their Words The Inimitable Effect of Standing on Productivity The Decision-Making Science of Effective Healthcare FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Beyond the Beltway // This eBook debriefs the topics covered at the latest meetups this summer, highlighting key conversations focused around how government is harnessing innovations from Silicon Valley, such as artificial intelligence, biotech and more. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: Combating the Insider Threat // This eBook reviews some of the efforts agencies are taking on to protect themselves against both the careless employee and the one who went rogue. eBook Nextgov's New eBook: "Tech Revolutions: Open Source + IoT" // This eBook discusses the latest topics and conversations around open source and the Internet of Things from the latest meetups, which were attended by the brightest minds in government, industry and academia. eBook Nextgov's Book: "The State of Federal IT Contracting" // Read this eBook to take a closer look at the contracts that will shape the future of federal IT, and some of the technologies they'll likely help procure. GAO to DHS: Give IT Officials a Seat at the Table See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs What an NFL Coach, the Pentagon and Election Systems Have in Common Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel Taking the Federal Digital Leap: Inevitable, Imperative and Doable Tech Insider by Kymm McCabe New Study Shows How 'Star Trek' Jokes and Geek Culture Make Women Feel Unwelcome in Computer Science Wired Workplace by Sapna Cheryan and Sianna Ziegler sponsored links The Space Report Online The Space Report Online is your guide to global space activity - 10 years of industry, policy and trend data - when you need it. www.thespacereport.org 2016-2017 AFCEA Monthly Breakfast Series If you’re interested in sponsoring our 2016-2017 Monthly Breakfast Series, please contact April O’Brien at registrar@afceabethesda.org or visit the link below bethesda.afceachapters.org Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story  
Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 2:25 A.M. ET Samsung shares drop 2.8% after announcing $8 billion deal for U.S.-based Harmon International 2:15 A.M. ET China's fiscal spending drops sharply in October 2:14 A.M. ET Samsung to buy car audio maker Harman for $8 bln 2:12 A.M. ET Oil futures wobble as hopes fade for OPEC production cut 1:34 A.M. ET RWE profit weighed in part by nuclear-waste fund 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Investing Stocks NewsWatch Get email alerts The stock market is turning into a sloppy, ugly mess—and it could get worse By MarketWatch Published: Oct 14, 2016 12:00 p.m. ET Share By MarketWatch MARKETWATCH FRONT PAGE Here’s what may be contributing to the recent spike in Wall Street anxiety levels: See full story. The real cost of owning a home Let’s say you want to buy your own place, but you want to know if it’s really a good idea for you right now. See full story. Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg may have found his AI assistant — Iron Man himself Mark Zuckerberg says he’s ready to voice the “Jarvis” artificial intelligence system (AI) he built to run his home. One apparently willing candidate stands out — Iron Man himself. See full story. A recession is coming — so hide in gold, says influential investor Raoul Pal Former hedge-fund manager Raoul Pal, who predicted the 2008 financial crisis, tells MarketWatch where he thinks investors should park their money for the next 12 months and why a recession is inevitable. See full story. 5 good habits one former hedge funder says can be done in 5 minutes a day or less James Altucher, a well-known blogger and former hedge-fund manager, offered some ”good habit” tips. And, like the man himself, many of his recommendations might fall under the “quirky” category. See full story. MARKETWATCH PERSONAL FINANCE Having trouble getting out of bed in the morning because it’s so dark? Be patient, soon you’ll see the sun earlier, because soon it will be time to “fall back,” and move our clocks back an hour to Standard Time. See full story. More from MarketWatch Carl Icahn loses $350 million bet to save the Trump Taj Mahal At Ohio State, Reactions Vary to Lewd Trump Video Here’s how much Apple may profit from Samsung’s exploding phone disaster Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.34% 30 yr fixed 3.77% 15 yr fixed 2.98% 10 yr fixed 2.86% 30 yr fixed refi 3.85% 15 yr fixed refi 3.03% 5/1 ARM 3.12% 5/1 ARM refi 3.39% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.66% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.02% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 2.94% 48 Mo Used Car 2.98% 36 Mo Used Car 3.3% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.02% 48 Mo New Car 2.98% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Social Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis, and Ironman just offered to do it Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis, and Ironman just offered to do it Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg needs a voice for his AI Jarvis and actor Robert Downye Jr offered to do it. By: Tech Desk | Published:October 14, 2016 6:12 pm Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is looking for a voice for his AI and Robert Downey Jr offered to do it. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg had revealed in January that he’s working on building a personal home Artificial Intelligence (AI)-powered assistant which will be like Jarvis in the Ironman series. Now it looks like he needs a voice for his AI Jarvis and of course, the Facebook CEO turned to Facebook for help. And guess what Robert Downey Junior, aka Ironman from the series offered his voice. Zuckerberg wrote this on Facebook, “It’s time to give my AI Jarvis a voice. Who should I ask to do it?” The top comment was from Robert Downey Jr who wrote back, “I’ll do in a heartbeat if Bettany gets paid and donates it to a cause of Cumberbatch’s choosing…that’s the right kind of STRANGE!” Paul Bettany is the original voice of Jarvis in film series with Ironman. Of course, other folks have also been commenting on Zuckerberg’s post. One person wrote, “Robert Downey Jr or Benedict Cumberbatch,” to which Zuckerberg replies, “Now that’s funny!” Someone suggested “Arnold Schwarzenegger sir, he even asked you to contact him when you needed a voice…” to which the Facebook CEO replied “Great memory!”Someone also suggested “How about Paul Bettany, the voice actor for the real Jarvis?” and Zuckerberg admitted, “That’s what they’d expect us to do.” People even offered Hodor as an option, though for Zuckerberg the AI “needs a few more words than ‘Hodor’.” ASUS ZenBook 3 First Look Video Siachen Civilian Trek 2016 Bigg Boss 10 November 10 Review: Manoj Punjabi And Mona Lisa Get Close, Irritates Swami Om Rock On 2 Audience Reaction: Farhan Akhtar’s Movie Impresses People England Pile On The Runs In Rajkot; India Solid In Reply India Queues Up Outside ATMs Sahibabad Garment Factory Fire Kills 13 Worried About Replacing Rs 500 & Rs 1000 Notes? Don’t Fall For This Fraud Call Banks, Post Offices See Long Queues Of People For Exchange Of Rs 500, Rs 1000 Notes Kanhaiya Kumar: Condoms Could Be Found In JNU, But Not Its Missing Student People Outside Banks In Kolkata Here’s What The New Rs 2000 Note Looks Like Serpentine Queues Outside Banks To Exchange Rs 500, Rs 1,000 Notes 5 Reasons To Watch Rock On 2 Bigg Boss 10 November 9 Episode Review: No Maliks-Sevaks Anymore Also read: Mark Zuckerberg’s 2016 challenge: To build an AI for his home Astrophysicist and writer Neil deGrasse Tyson’s name was also on the list. Finally some loyal soul from India offered Amitabh Bachchan as an option saying he would be a good choice as “he is very famous for his vocal quality and is a big superstar in India.” Zuckerberg had revealed the AI Jarvis is his personal challenge for 2016. He hopes the AI will help him run his home and with his work. The Facebook CEO says he will teach the AI his own voice to control pretty much everything in his house, from music to lights to temperature. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPM Modi says no shortage of currency, problem lies in where the money is BusinessDemonetisation: Special task force set up to expedite ATMs' recalibration, says DEA Secretary BusinessATMs will start dispensing Rs 2000 notes from today or tomorrow: Economic Affairs Secretary IndiaLIVE: PM Modi addresses rally in Ghazipur Board exams today, hope, fear in Valley: ‘Can’t lose year’ EntertainmentIn Bigg Boss 10, Bani is the most selfish contestant: Navin Prakash opens up after eviction EntertainmentKoffee With Karan S5: Varun Dhawan a nudist, Arjun Kapoor's sex life going great, watch teaser EntertainmentKoffee With Karan 5: Twinkle Khanna's shocking revelations on the KJo's show EntertainmentHappy Children's Day: Where Bollywood, Hollywood's famous child stars are now Must Read SportsDraw for India, a moral victory for England SportsDid India miss a trick by rolling out a true track? SportsAustralia stand 120 runs adrift at stumps on Day 3 TechnologyGoogle Pixel phone hacked in under sixty seconds at PwnFest: Report TechnologyApple iPads coming in March 2017; to include bezel-less 10.9-inch version: Report TechnologyRs 500, Rs 1000 notes demonetised: Paytm, MobiKwik see boost in usage  Happy Children's Day: 7 life lessons to inspire children, today and always Nov 14: Latest News Ghazipur: PM Modi says no shortage of currency, problem lies in where the money is Malaysia: Opposition lawmaker jailed for exposing 1MDB audit Indonesian police arrest five after church attack Shiv Sena lauds Centre for demonetisation, calls for measures to ease cash crisis President Pranab Mukherjee declares India International Trade Fare open                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Bipin Dani Amarnath family’s love for hitting the wicket’ coincidental: Surinder Articles Listening to Trump..! Articles Democrats failed to imagine the worst Articles Friendship and human development Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Karachi Inter-collegiate quiz competition at DA SKBZ College Karachi Inter-collegiate quiz competition at DA SKBZ College By Webmaster - October 14, 2016 0 66 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Karachi—Intercollegiate Quiz Competition 2016 was held at DA SKBZ College here today. Students of leading educational institutions of the city took part in the competition. Mr. Sarim Burney, CEO of Sarim Burney International Trust was the chief guest on the occasion. The chief guest underlined the significance of power of knowledge and termed the quiz competition as the hallmark of a sound education system. He lauded the tremendous potential and intellectual ability of students and described them as simply impressive. He reiterated that the quiz competitions provided an excellent opportunity to enhance the mental skills of the students and played a pivotal role in the development of their all around personality. He also added that the aim of education is to produce confident, capable and dynamic individual who can face the onslaught of life challenges successfully. The chief guest Mr. Sarim Burney applauded the tedious efforts made by the principal Brig (R) Mirza Khawar Baig SI (M), teaching staff and students who participated in the competition. Students of the leading colleges participated in the event and diversified topics were included to challenge / test the participants’ acquisition of general knowledge. Several dignities and learned personalities witnessed the quiz competition. According to the result, the Intercollegiate Quiz Competition was won by Bahria College NORE-1 while Bahria College Karsaz clinched the second position and DA Degree College for Women Phase-VIII got the third position. At the end, the chief guest awarded the trophies and certificates to the winning teams, judges and program organizers. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleAction to be taken against corrupt officials: Mehtab Next articleKarachi Literature Festival travels to London Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Karachi 29 bodies of Shah Noorani blast victims handed over to heirs Karachi IGP for extra-ordinary security on Shah Bhitai’s Urs Karachi SSUET takes steps to ensure transparent admission policy Digital Newspaper Social Diary Oil & Gas Leap Forward Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director Marketing: Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Contact Us Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES Projects directly benefiting people should be given priority: Ebad August 4, 2016 ‘Alkhidmat’ praised for its service to humanity November 2, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Letters to the Editor October 14, 2016 5:03 AM Letters on foul debate, Trump outrage, Roger Elliott, hunting amendment LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story We have foul stink in this country After last Sunday night’s spit festival, aka the presidential debate, I kept thinking, “What a stink we have in this country.” I’m guessing that most Americans reacted similarly – all but the most extreme on either end of the political spectrum. What have we become? Petty, ignorant, vulgar, truth/lie-spinning swindlers of the democratic process? The answer is obviously “yes.” I love a good political discussion, but this is now more than one bridge too far. We can’t go back to the days of former House Speaker Tip O’Neill and former Sen. Daniel Moynihan – not even to the days of Ronald Reagan. Nor can we ever hope to return to any semblance of respect or dignity for those who don’t “match us” in ideas (or sex, nationality or religion, for that matter). We’ve lost our collective intellectual ability to think objectively, to work for a greater good. It isn’t just dead; it’s in a shallow grave, and we can smell the stink. James Baldwin said that civilizations are destroyed by the spineless. I would add that it is destroyed by spineless fools mired in a dreadful stink. Anita Kirkpatrick, Kingman Feigned outrage When I surfed through the news channels last Friday to see what is going on with the hurricane, all they were talking about was two guys on a bus talking crude and rude about women. This is news? Such talk has been going on since men discovered there was a difference between the sexes. The feigned outrage is stunning. Have these people been living under a tub? Women do it, too. The other news in which commentators feigned outrage was hearing that politicians say different things to rich supporters than they do to the folks when on the stump. Be still my heart. Just how slow are these people? Many rich people support the Democrats. Republicans are not going to cancel any entitlement program. Feign surprise and outrage like this is the first time you are hearing this. I brace for a cringe every time one of our presidential candidates speaks. But neither of the above news items moved my “give a crap” meter one centimeter. Tom Oyler, Wichita Admit defeat? When the election is a landslide for Hillary Clinton (and maybe the Senate and House fall), are the Republican/conservative pundits, politicians, columnists, letter writers, commentators and general loud talkers going to respect our system and the results? Will they realize the mandate of the people against their “conservative principles”? Or are they going to spend four years blaming Donald Trump for giving away the election, and make it only about him and not the party and principles he represents? The reason I ask is that they are going to have to either accept that their ideology went down in defeat and get out of the way, or they’re going to have to admit that their party is entirely incompetent to have fielded such a candidate – and obviously can’t be trusted to run a lemonade stand, much less a government at any level. Or did they deliberately nominate a candidate who couldn’t possibly win just so they wouldn’t have to actually take any responsibility for anything? Which is it? Lee Davis, Wichita Elliott for House I have known Roger Elliott for several years. He grew up in east Wichita and has had many opportunities to serve the public in his banking career. Additionally, he served 12 years on the Andover school board and was a strong advocate for public education in Topeka. Elliott also has experience in economic development while working for the Wichita Metro Chamber of Commerce. He understands the need for collaboration in working with peers to make the tough decisions and get the job done. As a former state representative, I believe Elliott will be an excellent representative for District 87 in serving the citizens of east Wichita. Jo Ann Pottorf, Wichita No on amendment During the past legislative session, our lawmakers approved putting a proposed constitutional amendment on the Nov. 8 ballot. If approved by a simple majority of eligible Kansas voters, the right to hunt, fish and trap will be added to the Kansas Bill of Rights, along with such notable entitlements as equality, free speech and prohibition of slavery. We already have this right. Please vote “no” on this ridiculous and completely unnecessary constitutional amendment. Lori Lawrence, Wichita Letters to the Editor Include your full name, home address and phone number for verification purposes. All letters are edited for clarity and length; 200 words or fewer are best. Letters may be published in any format and become the property of The Eagle. Mail: Letters to the Editor, The Wichita Eagle, 825 E. Douglas, Wichita, KS 67202 E-mail: letters@wichitaeagle.com Fax: 316-269-6799 For more information, contact Phillip Brownlee at 316-268-6262, pbrownlee@wichitaeagle.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Letters to the Editor Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 7:04 Gregg Marshall talks season-opening win Pause 5:11 Michael O'Donnell wins County Commission race 0:26 Nov. 14 supermoon is closest moon to Earth since 1948 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods 0:23 Klutzy robber sets self ablaze in convenience store heist 1:35 Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 0:36 Possible assault in Valley Center 0:57 A rare look at an Idaho mountain lion 1:15 NASA astronaut pays tribute to veterans from space station 3:49 Bill Self breaks down KU's overtime loss to Indiana Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 12 hours ago Firefighters battle blaze after explosion at historic downtown KC church 2:32 12 hours ago Firefighters battle blaze after explosion at historic downtown KC church 3:49 2 days ago Bill Self breaks down KU's overtime loss to Indiana 7:04 2 days ago Gregg Marshall talks season-opening win View more video Letters to the Editor Letters on U.S. competitiveness, fear of change, new course, Trump Letters on Sanders, biased press, all-powerful God, lost boy Letters on Trump win, socialism loss, World War I Letters on Trump, Clinton, old news, green energy, dog bites Letters on 2020 election, ACA, Israel, public health Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business Fourth Industrial Revolution Why teaching graduates to be flexible is more important than worrying about jobs that don't yet exist Jane den Hollander Most of today’s primary school children will work in jobs that haven’t been invented. Educators must prepare them to be creative and entrepreneurial Educators must educate the next generation for a future that is unclear. Photograph: Klaus Vedfelt/Getty Images Supported by About this content Thursday 13 October 2016 19.13 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 26 October 2016 18.14 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger It’s a disruptive world. Back when the current ruling class were at school, disruptive behaviour was punished. Today disruption is cool and SMAC (the acronym for the technologies driving business innovation, social, mobile and cloud) is the new normal. Businesses able to ride the tidal wave of disruptive change are steadily wiping out those that don’t and CEOs are left wondering if they’ll be the next to be Ubered or Amazoned. The world has changed. The first industrial revolution mechanised the means of production using water and steam power; the second created mass production with electric power; the third used electronics and information technology to automate production. The fourth and current industrial revolution combines the physical, digital and biological worlds, bringing together previously unconnected areas such as artificial intelligence, machine learning, 3D printing, nanotechnology, genetics and biology. It’s the Internet of Everything, changing how people and things connect, how we collect and harness data, and how they all work together to facilitate intelligent processes. Digital technologies are now changing the way education is delivered, accessed, assessed and perceived. And, across the world, new jobs are being created while others are ruthlessly eliminated at a pace humanity has never seen before. With robots, is a life without work one we'd want to live? Read more A CSIRO report earlier this year estimated that nearly half of Australian jobs are at risk of computerisation. Early computerisation waves only affected jobs in labour-intensive, readily coded repetitive tasks but the evolution of cognitive computing has shifted into areas previously believed to be uniquely human. Driverless cars, wearable computing and DNA nanobots have quickly moved from science fiction to science fact and are desirable. It is estimated that 65% of children entering primary school today will work in jobs that don’t yet exist. Consider that less than a decade ago very few of us knew what an app was but today graduates have been educated as app developers, data analysts and social media managers. And tomorrow? Machine algorithmic designers or robotics lifestyle integration consultants? A small number of companies – Facebook, Apple, Netflix and Google, or Fang – have changed the world in less than a decade. This is the age of Fang and, while many might hope this era is shortlived, educators must educate the next generation for a future that is unclear. Universities are preparing graduates for 21st-century lives and careers in complex and unpredictable future. One certainty, in an age when vast quantities of information are available instantaneously and outdated almost immediately, will be the ability to deal nimbly with complex and often ambiguous knowledge rather than simply accumulate facts for detailed reports. The skills with an enduring shelf life will be the uniquely human skills – emergent leadership, entrepreneurship, emotional intelligence, creativity and complex problem-solving. In our digitally enabled and hyperconnected world, graduates will also need cultural empathy, cross-cultural communication skills and global contacts. The connection between work and learning will also become closer and work-based learning opportunities will have a critical place in preparing for the jobs and skills of the future. It's up to organised people to ensure the new economy serves the greater good Read more The career of a lifetime will certainly no longer last a lifetime and workers will probably need to upskill multiple times throughout their working lives. Even jobs less directly affected by technological change will require very different skill sets as the ecosystems in which they operate are affected by the changes such as more flexible working conditions, teleworking and increased casualisation. Certainly Stem will be important – science, technology, engineering and mathematics – but we must also invest in the arts and humanities. Consider the Fang companies that have made a fortune by creatively marrying technology and culture. It shouldn’t surprise us – creativity and innovation have always been the source of the very best ideas. Until recently it would be fair to say that the buildings blocks of universities, their governance, their business model and their instructional design, had changed little since the first university was established in 1088. In the blink of one year, online education went from poor relation to leading-edge cool. Massive open online courses or MOOCs represent the first wave of disruptive change for universities and how they transmit knowledge. MOOCs have freed universities from fixed concepts of meritocratic selection and from preconceived notions of who should go to university and when. Just as iTunes unbundled songs from a CD, the digital revolution enables a university degree to be disaggregated into its component parts – vocational knowledge, generic professional skills, deep discipline knowledge, practical training, evidence of achievement, networking opportunities and student lifestyle. The billion-dollar question for Australia of course is how will we keep pace with technological infrastructure and remain competitive in an increasingly complex global market? We must worry less about what the actual jobs are and more about equipping our people to be thoughtful, entrepreneurial and forward-looking. Whatever path eventuates over the decade, there are some things we can be fairly sure of: the pace of change will continue to be breathtaking and education will continue to be both a compelling indicator and a powerful instrument of human progress. More sponsored features Topics Robots Business in Australia Australian education Work & careers Australian universities Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Guardian Sustainable Business › Robots Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Labs Blog Mobile About Us Help Login / Register Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training Welcome to ReliefWeb The leading source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. ReliefWeb Subscription Benefits Manage subscriptions Setup and manage your email subscriptions to new reports, jobs and more. Manage favorites Track content relevant to you on the site. Post a job vacancy Advertise job, consulting and internships vacancies. Post a training program Advertise training programs for the humanitarian community. Log In Username or e-mail address * You may login with either your assigned username or your e-mail address. Password * The password field is case sensitive. Forgot password? New to ReliefWeb? Sign Up Username * Spaces are allowed; punctuation is not allowed except for periods, hyphens, apostrophes, and underscores. E-mail address * A valid e-mail address. All e-mails from the system will be sent to this address. The e-mail address is not made public and will only be used if you wish to receive a new password or wish to receive certain news or notifications by e-mail. Leave this field blank Log in Leave this field blank Home Updates Countries Disasters Topics Organizations Jobs Training About Us Help ReliefWeb Informing humanitarians worldwide. A service provided by ReliefWeb has been the leading online source for reliable and timely humanitarian information on global crises and disasters since 1996. Learn more about ReliefWeb Still relevant after all these years ReliefWeb is not only pertinent in a disaster environment or humanitarian emergency ; indeed, the users I canvassed in Nairobi, the biggest hub for humanitarian actors in Africa, pointed to all... Visit the blog Connect With ReliefWeb Receive news about us Related Sites Submit Content Share information through ReliefWeb to better inform humanitarians worldwide. How to submit content Tools API - Real-time data stream to power next-generation apps. Location Maps - Country maps for your reports and presentations. Humanitarian Icons - Ready-to-use symbols and icons. Free download. ReliefWeb Videos - Selected humanitarian videos for countries, topics and organizations. RSS - Subscribe to information finely tuned to your needs. Frequently Asked Questions - Get answers to common problems and learn more about ReliefWeb. Contact Us - Ask questions and suggest improvements.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Consumer Electronics/ Robotics/ White House: We're Researching AI, But Don't Worry About Killer Robots White House: We're Researching AI, But Don't Worry About Killer Robots By Stephanie Mlot October 13, 2016 11:18am EST 10 Comments The White House is backing long-term investments in AI research and investigations into ethics and security risks. If the movies have taught us anything, artificial intelligence created by the government = bad. The Obama administration is aware of those concerns, which is why a new report questions how government-backed AI could impact society and public policy. It calls for long-term investments in AI research, as well as investigations into the ethics and security implications of the technology. "Advances in AI technology hold incredible potential to help America stay on the cutting edge of innovation," the White House said in a blog post. At Walter Reed Medical Center, for example, the Department of Veteran Affairs is using AI to better predict medical complications and improve treatment. Smarter traffic management applications, meanwhile, are reducing wait times, energy use, and emissions across the country. And some researchers are using AI-based software to improve animal migration tracking. Still, these systems risk overstepping the boundaries of government-regulated operations, particularly as it relates to security and defense. The administration's solution: more and better data. "Federal actors should focus in the near-term on developing increasingly rich sets of data, consistent with consumer privacy, that can better inform policy-making as these technologies mature," the report says. Key agencies, however, can't use and improve upon AI if they don't understand it. So the administration is calling for federal employee training. It also wants to implement an exchange model—the Intergovernmental Personnel Act (IPA) Mobility Program—which would temporarily assign experts to governments, universities, research centers, and other organizations to fill in the gaps. "For example, agency staff sent to colleges and universities as instructors can inspire students to consider federal employment," the paper says. "Likewise, programs that rotate employees through different jobs and sectors can help government employees gain knowledge and experience to inform regulation and policy, especially as it relates to emergent technologies like AI." There is no pressing need to put these plans into action, though. //Related Articles Tech Giants: AI Is Awesome, Totally Not Going to Kill You "It is very unlikely that machines will exhibit broadly applicable intelligence comparable to or exceeding that of humans in the next 20 years," the White House says, forecasting that "rapid progress in the field of specialized AI will continue, with machines reaching and exceeding human performance on an increasing number of tasks." A companion document, meanwhile, details a proposal for federally funded AI R&D. President Obama is scheduled to speak at this afternoon's Frontiers Conference, co-hosted by the University of Pittsburgh and Carnegie Mellon University. Watch the live stream online starting at 1:45 p.m. ET. Back to top Previous : No Baby? How About a Robot Instead? By Stephanie Mlot Stephanie began as a PCMag reporter in May 2012. She moved to New York City from Frederick, Md., where she worked for four years as a multimedia reporter at the second-largest daily newspaper in Maryland. She interned at Baltimore magazine and graduated from Indiana University of Pennsylvania (in the town of Indiana, in the state of Pennsylvania) with a degree in journalism and mass communications. More » More Stories by Stephanie Nab an NES Classic Edition on eBay...for $10,000 Or, you know, maybe just wait until the $60 mini console is back in stock. More » Facebook to Stop Allowing Advertisers to Target by Race The social network announced new tools to detect and automatically disable ethnic affinity marketing... More » Proposed Emoji Includes 'Face With Open Mouth Vomiting' New faces, foods, animals, people (real and fictional), and articles of clothing could make it into ... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Section Connect Edit ModuleShow Tags Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Google+ YouTube About Us Log In Contact Us Link to Us Running a Shop Sales+Marketing Education+Training Finance Law Human Resources Technology Leadership Operations Tools Shop Customers Shop Life Cool Shops Shop Profiles Repairer Life Collision Repair Professionals Discussion News Latest News Trends+Analysis Research+Reports Magazine Current Issue Archive Subscribe Digital Edition CollisionCast FenderBender Management Conference More Advertise FB To Go App Parts Finder Products & Services Finder Newsletters FenderBender Awards The MSO Project Ultimate Collision Repair Shop Running a Shop Sales+Marketing Education+Training Finance Law Human Resources Technology Leadership Operations Tools Shop Customers Shop Life Cool Shops Shop Profiles Repairer Life Collision Repair Professionals Discussion News Latest News Trends+Analysis Research+Reports Magazine Current Issue Archive Subscribe Digital Edition CollisionCast FenderBender Management Conference More Advertise FB To Go App Parts Finder Products & Services Finder Newsletters FenderBender Awards The MSO Project Ultimate Collision Repair Shop Latest News Trends+Analysis Research+Reports FenderBender / October 2016 / Mitchell Forms Partnership with Artificial Intelligence Developer Edit ModuleShow Tags Mitchell Forms Partnership with Artificial Intelligence Developer Oct. 13, 2016—Mitchell has announced a partnership with Tractable, a UK-based technology firm specializing in the development of artificial intelligence solutions capable of automating manual tasks, to accelerate the vehicle repair and claims management processes. Mitchell will integrate Tractable’s solutions within its WorkCenter Automobile Physical Damage platform to offer vehicle crash analysis based on photos. “Our industry is ready to adopt intelligent solutions leveraging machine learning technologies. There are many activities we believe can be improved using these capabilities and we are thrilled to partner with Tractable to bring innovative solutions forward,” said Debbie Day, executive vice president of Mitchell International. Mitchell said the system will simplify and accelerate repetitive work currently requiring insurance claims experts. “Our technology is going to change the way that auto claims are managed in the future. We have trained computers to see exactly what humans see, so that vehicle damage can be assessed within seconds and consistent decisions made. Artificial intelligence will make the process quicker, more cost effective and more efficient” said Alex Dalyac, CEO of Tractable. This article appears in the October 2016 issue of FenderBender Did you like what you read here? Subscribe to FenderBender » Edit Module Edit ModuleEdit ModuleShow Tags What's Hot Jim Keller’s 6 Secrets for Becoming a Great Leader The 1Collision Network president details his essentials for effective leadership       The Real Return A focus on technology has improved 3D Auto Body’s culture and marketing       AkzoNobel Pairs with TV Host for Line of Paints       Sherwin-Williams Unveils Redesigned Basecoat System       How to Manage Employee Complaints A step-by-step guide for effectively responding to the concerns of your team       Boyd Group on Track for Record Year in Acquisitions       Inspiring Loyalty A FranklinCovey leader shares his tips to earning customer and employee loyalty       Shop Leaders: Be Present For a better repair process, Ed Worden says management should be listening to techs       Gerber Adds New Locations       Incentive-based Estimator Pay Plans Three incentive-based estimator pay plans that are making a real difference in shops.       Best Practices for Collision Repair Photography Photos of vehicle damage and repair are increasingly important for shops, insurers and customers. Here’s how to shoot like a pro.       Sherwin-Williams Introduces Clearcoat CC200       Keeping Busy Four tips for thriving as a shop operator wearing many hats       How to Staff Your Shop How to maximize your shop output through proper staffing       GM Releases Position Statement on Pre- and Post-Repair Scans       How It Works: The Aurora LED paint gun attachment Why a small paint gun attachment could transform how your painter sprays       Sherwin-Williams, Ford Renew Partnership       Takata Denies Bankruptcy Reports       Judge Awards Shop $2.9M in Case Against Sherwin-Williams       Chip Foose Visits ABRA Career Academy       Service King Opens 85th Texas Location       Limited Edition SATA ‘Chopper’ Spray Gun Release Date Announced       Using Limited Partnerships to Protect Assets An asset protection expert explains how properly setting up a limited partnership can protect your wealth from attorneys       FenderBender Wins Publishing Awards       VeriFacts Adds New Director of Sales, Technical Director       Edit Module Section Running a Shop Shop Life News Magazine More Connect Facebook Instagram Twitter LinkedIn Google+ YouTube About Us Log In Contact Us Link to Us Copyright 2016 FenderBender. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for October 13, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Want to Stay Ahead of the Game? Review Your Emotional Intelligence, Says LMC Interactive Services Brisbane-based outsourced sales and marketing experts LMC Interactive Services have outlined five ways to fine-tune emotional intelligence - a key trait that the firm believes will increase the likelihood of success both personally and career-wise.     BRISBANE, AUSTRALIA, October 13, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Emotional intelligence is described as an intangible quality among individuals that affects how we manage behaviour, navigate social situations, and make personal decisions that achieve desired outcomes. It requires effective communication between the rational and emotional compartments of the brain, as it is common to emotionally react to something before the brain can rationally evaluate the complexities of a given situation. LMC Interactive Services are of the opinion that emotional intelligence can greatly impact the way in which a business is able to sell to potential customers. The firm utilises aspects of emotional intelligence to channel the mindset of target consumers, and to gain a greater understanding their ever-changing desires. Indeed, the firm can detect the emotions of customers using face-to-face interaction, and they assist them in a way that reflects the unique brand values they uphold on behalf of their clients. About LMC Interactive Services: http://lmcinteractiveservices.com.au/mission-statement/ If a person is unable to sell effectively to a target audience, it could be because they are slightly out of sync with their ability to manage or judge emotions. LMC Interactive Services believes that this mismanagement of delicate situations is often the cause of ultimately losing sales. It is because of this that the firm believes emotional intelligence often trumps intellectual ability when it comes to dealing face to face with customers, and understanding their needs. If a sales person doesn't have the necessary emotional empathy or ability to read situations, they are unlikely to succeed in a sales and marketing role. With this in mind, LMC Interactive Services has put forward 3 practical ways to improve emotional intelligence that can be used in a variety of personal and business situations: 1) Having regular downtime - Downtime allows us to refocus and revisit past situations in order to gain clarity. LMC Interactive Services use downtime to think over the 'what's and 'why's behind actions or inactions of the day, allowing them to examine how they would do things differently when the next similar situation arises. Simply put, if time is not being put aside to examine behaviour, then it is extremely likely that the same mistakes, misjudgements, and loss of sales will be made time and time again. 2) Having backup plans - LMC Interactive Services follow the mantra of 'fail to prepare, then prepare to fail', and argue that being prepared for what's around the corner and beyond is of utmost importance. Thorough preparation allows for greater reaction times and the total avoidance of reactionary and overly emotional reactions. This is extremely important in sales situations, and LMC Interactive Services advise those in sales roles to practice dealing with a variety of different customer types, situations, etc. to avoid being caught off guard when the situation happens for real. 3) Seeing the other perspective - We've all heard the saying 'walk a mile in the other person's shoes' before judging, and LMC Interactive Services believes this phrase underpins the importance of emotional intelligence. When a co-worker, superior, investor, competitor - or even customer manages to get under your skin, the firm suggests looking at the situation from that person's perspective - examining it from every angle. LMC Interactive Services use dynamic, cost-effective direct marketing services that are deployed throughout Brisbane. The firm's specialised sales and marketing campaigns are developed and tested using data that the firm has collected, and this allows them to always generate the best results. LMC Interactive Services are committed to the development of the people they work with, and they regularly host voluntary educational and motivational workshops and seminars to help the firm's associates expand their skills set and improve both their personal and professional development. Source: http://www.inc.com/larry-kim/5-simple-hacks-to-sharpen-your-emotional ... gence.html For more information about LMC Interactive Services, Follow us on Twitter and Like us on Facebook # # # Read more Press Releases from Lawrence Randall: LMC Interactive Services Outline the Importance of Responsible Growth in Business LMC Interactive Services: Brands Need to Focus on Creating a Positive Customer Experience LMC Interactive Pty: Can Your Brand Keep Up With The Changing Expectations from Millennials? LMC Interactive Services Believe Accountability is the Key to Setting Goals LMC Interactive Services: Tried and Tested Customer Service Tips Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Lawrence Randall LMC Interactive Services Brisbane, Queensland Australia Voice: 0401329973 E-Mail: Email Us Here Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Login All Reviews Editorials News iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Tips iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 Podcasts MGG 631: The Odd Couple Episode TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-11: Interview with TMO's Bryan Chaffin View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users View All Editorials → What Will We Do When Siri Picks Our Pocket? John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 14th, 2016 5:56 PM EST | Particle Debris “I’m sorry, John, I’m afraid I can’t do that.” WIRED has published an interview with President Obama, to appear in the November issue. “Barack Obama, Neural Nets, Self-Driving Cars, and The Future of the World.” Right away, I thought about Apple’s Siri when I spotted a noteworthy comment by Mr. Obama: The way I’ve been thinking about the regulatory structure as AI emerges is that, early in a technology, a thousand flowers should bloom. And the government should add a relatively light touch, investing heavily in research and making sure there’s a conversation between basic research and applied research. As technologies emerge and mature, then figuring out how they get incorporated into existing regulatory structures becomes a tougher problem, and the government needs to be involved a little bit more. Not always to force the new technology into the square peg that exists but to make sure the regulations reflect a broad base set of values. Otherwise, we may find that it’s disadvantaging certain people or certain groups. That may be the key question of the 21st century. When is the right time to step in and put AI’s into the framework of human morality, oversight, and government regulations so that powerful corporations don’t use AIs to oppress or exploit other humans? Today, one dominant meme is to let businesses flourish. It’s part of American economic strength. On the other hand, there is also a need to provide benign regulation that ensures businesses don’t run roughshod over citizens. This constant tension between the two camps is good because both free enterprise and sensible regulation both play a role in the health of the economy and its people. A major problem here with AI is that a time might come when AI’s are able to learn and teach themselves faster than humans can manage them. As President Obama suggested, AI’s that aren’t properly constrained and regulated could be unleashed on unsuspecting citizens in an out of control avalanche. If that sounds unrealistic, I refer you to this: “Artificial intelligence-powered malware is coming, and it’s going to be terrifying.” Today, many government leaders are having a tough time understanding and coping with the nuances of science, technology and climate. The government leaders of the future will face exponentially more dangerous problems and regulatory issues, and it’ll start with Artificial Intelligence entities. Apple and Siri vs. the World What role do we expect Apple to play here? Is that even on the roadmap for Siri? For example, Apple took a leadership position against the FBI last spring on personal privacy and encryption. How, in turn, will Apple deal with the competitive evolution of Siri?  Leave it to evolve weakly, and the competition will gobble it up.  Make Siri super bright, the ultimate AI, and it could get out of control. Should Apple advise the federal government on regulations that would  shackle its own research? To deal with issues like this, Amazon, Facebook, Google, Microsoft and IBM have formed “The Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society,” It’s described here: “Tech Giants Team Up To Tackle The Ethics Of Artificial Intelligence.” Good stuff. As of this writing, Apple still hasn’t joined. Next page: The Tech News Debris for the Week of October 10th. Apple + Intel = Excedrin headache. Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: Apple, Autonomous cars, Mac, SIri 11 Comments Add a comment CudaBoy October 14, 2016 short story “I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream” – is the AI story that keeps Elon awake at night. Very quick read you can find online-if you don’t get nightmares easily that is. October 14, 2016 at 8:47 EST PM John Martellaro October 14, 2016 Ahh…. Harlan Ellison! I’ll have to dig that out of my library and read it again. October 14, 2016 at 9:12 EST PM Bregalad October 14, 2016 Intel has long had integrated graphics for low end hardware. As their technology improved they were able to push into higher and higher price ranges. With their Iris chips they were finally getting into the upper tiers of home and business PCs. The roadmap you’re referring to is proof that the marketplace has spoken. Most manufacturers use Intel graphics in machines where energy efficiency trumps performance, where all that’s needed is “good enough”. Intel has a huge advantage in that market because they can provide a single energy efficient chip that provides top notch CPU performance and good general purpose graphics. Apple may not have been the only company to ship “Pro” models without discrete GPUs, but they were definitely the only company to put Iris-specific acceleration into their software. That move has backfired and Apple needs to have a good backup plan. I think Apple’s long term plan is to abandon Intel like they dropped IBM and Motorola before that. They want to control the whole widget and there are clear advantages to having the same chip family powering all Apple products. It could make it much easier to develop software that runs on both Macs and iPads and I think customers would like that. The Apple A-series chips are rapidly catching up to Intel in performance too. But that’s a long term goal. Apple needs to do something right now to convince people that the Mac (whether x86 or ARM) has a future. I’ve been a Mac user for nearly 25 years, but I’m very discouraged with the direction the company has been going in the last 5. I’m clinging to a 2011 iMac, but my son has a Windows PC and my wife has an Android phone. The day we completely abandon Apple may be coming soon. October 14, 2016 at 9:47 EST PM NorthSaanichBC October 15, 2016 “What Will We Do When Siri Picks Our Pocket?” Answer: Invite her back home for a romantic evening (Siri, I think you already knew that it wasn’t a “gun” in my pocket 😉). October 15, 2016 at 11:41 EST AM Lee Dronick October 15, 2016 “We’ve survived the crisis of having the 3.5 mm headphone jack removed from the iPhone 7” We does not include me as I do not yet have an iPhone 7. Where I am suffering greatly is with iOS Music and that disaster of an app. I think that it was designed by someome who got fired for incompetence from Facebook. October 15, 2016 at 3:22 EST PM brilor October 16, 2016 At this point it’s more likely to be something other than Siri picking our collective pockets. See Walt Mossberg’s column for more. Siri is basic. Would like to be able to make queries like: “What time is XXXX on TV tonight?” “What channel is XXXX on?” “How much is XXXX on Amazon?” “Check for new emails.” “When was my last email from X?” “Text XXXX about [subject] in one hour.” “What’s the best way to go to work this morning.” or even better: “Order my usual pizza from X.” “Open X files and send them as a PDF to XX” “Back up my system to Time Machine and then put the computer to sleep.” “Retrieve [file name] from my last time Machine backup.” “Copy [folder name] to iCloud Drive Also Siri currently doesn’t learn from the context of the conversation: Me: I want to visit Liz’ house. Siri: There is no one named Lucy in your contacts. Me: Her full name in my contact is Lizzy Wright. Siri: I am sorry I don’t understand what you mean. Didn’t Apple’s original Siri team( acquired IIRC ) leave Apple and start a new project? Other AIs are flawed but Siri is not the most intelligent. October 16, 2016 at 7:13 EST PM brilor October 16, 2016 At this point it’s more likely to be something other than Siri picking our collective pockets. See Walt Mossberg’s column for more. Siri is basic. Would like to be able to make queries like: “What time is XXXX on TV tonight?” “What channel is XXXX on?” “How much is XXXX on Amazon?” “Check for new emails.” “When was my last email from X?” “Text XXXX about [subject] in one hour.” “What’s the best way to go to work this morning.” or even better: “Order my usual pizza from X.” “Open X files and send them as a PDF to XX” “Back up my system to Time Machine and then put the computer to sleep.” “Retrieve [file name] from my last time Machine backup.” “Copy [folder name] to iCloud Drive Also Siri currently doesn’t learn from the context of the conversation: Me: I want to visit Liz’ house. Siri: There is no one named Lucy in your contacts. Me: Her full name in my contact is Lizzy Wright. Siri: I am sorry I don’t understand what you mean. Didn’t Apple’s original Siri team( acquired IIRC ) leave Apple and start a new project? Other AIs are flawed but Siri is not the most intelligent. October 16, 2016 at 7:14 EST PM aardman October 17, 2016 So Five of the biggest tech companies have formed “The Partnership on Artificial Intelligence to Benefit People and Society” to address the ethical issues surrounding AI. I don’t expect much from this partnership given that 3 of the 5 are headed, or co-headed, by people who I suspect to be sociopaths. October 17, 2016 at 10:55 EST AM vpndev October 17, 2016 I sure hope that Apple is doing a Mac rollout on the 25th before the delayed financial report on 27th because otherwise they’re going to be killed [figuratively]. The continued reliance upon Intel has proven to be a millstone. October 17, 2016 at 9:01 EST PM John Martellaro October 17, 2016 vpndev. So far as I know, the earnings report is on the 25th. http://investor.apple.com October 17, 2016 at 10:55 EST PM Proto732 October 18, 2016 What is stopping Apple from going back to optional discrete graphics chipsets from NVIDIA or AMD like they used to do in the Pro line? October 18, 2016 at 4:31 EST PM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? John Martellaro | November 11, 2016 Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Bob LeVitus | November 9, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $108.43 +0.64 (0.59%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Apple Offers Refurb iPhone 6s/Plus on Apple Store Starting at $449 Recent Tips See All » iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Mute/Unmute Apple Watch Activity Reminders in watchOS 3 Recent Editorials See All » Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote The Benefits of a 32GB Mac For Average Users 5183 John Martellaro columns-opinions 11 1476467773 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 14 Nov 2016 Navigation Facebook Twitter RSS Sign up for weekly updates Home News Investigations Science Editorial Comment Features Columns Culture Theatre Music Film Books Games TV Lifestyle Escape Food & Drink Fashion & Beauty Interviews Sport Team Print Comment | Awareness days entrench discrimination Features | How to get the most out of punting Chief Rabbi fires warning to university vice-chancellors Pressure builds on NUS as Lincoln University votes to disaffiliate University set to abolish public class lists Download the latest issue View all downloads Cambridge students create 'world's most advanced legal chatbot' Story: Khushali Dodhia   Twitter: khushnwizdom    October 13, 2016 Image credit: Alan Cleaver A group of Cambridge law students have created LawBot, a chatbot which tells users if they have been the victims of crime. Dubbed “the world’s most advanced legal chatbot” by its creators Ludwig Bull, Rebecca Agliolo, Nadia Abdul, and Jozo Maruscak, the non-profit program asks users questions in order to figure out whether a crime was committed. It can currently identify and comment on 26 different offences. Victims can then decide which available legal actions they wish to pursue with a certified solicitor. The four were inspired by Stanford student Joshua Browder’s AI lawyer DoNotPay, which has successfully contested hundreds of thousands of parking tickets across London and New York for free. “The fact that we created it in a few short months attests to the gap in the market for artificially intelligent legal services,” said Agliolo, LawBot’s marketing director. She emphasised the students’ aim of improving access to justice: “The law is shrouded in ‘legalese’, and often incomprehensible for non-lawyers: LawBot bridges this gap to provide understandable, accessible access to legal knowledge.” One third-year lawyer commented, “Despite the downfall of needing to ask the right questions to get a response, LawBot is a thorough instrument that could be very useful in helping people who are unaware of the criminal law to assert their rights.”   blog comments powered by Disqus Related Stories News: Cambridge ranks top 10 in number of billionaire alumni November 12, 2016 News: Pink Floyd's Syd Barrett finally recognised in Cambridge November 12, 2016 News: New medical scanners help read the fine print November 10, 2016 In this section Latest Most read News: Cambridge ranks top 10 in number of billionaire alumni November 12, 2016 News: Pink Floyd's Syd Barrett finally recognised in Cambridge November 12, 2016 News: New medical scanners help read the fine print November 10, 2016 News: Men are 'missing ingredient' in fixing workplace inequality, says Medwards study November 10, 2016 News: Cambridge reacts to Trump’s triumph in the American election November 9, 2016 News: Cambridge amongst 10 universities undertaking one third of UK's animal testing November 8, 2016 News: First dinosaur brain found in fossil November 6, 2016 News: Why are there so many ladybirds about? October 29, 2016 News: Distinguished barrister Lord Grabiner to become new Master of Clare College December 15, 2013 News: Yes Campaign wins class lists referendum November 4, 2016 News: Cambridge is third stingiest city in UK to trick-or-treaters October 29, 2016 News: BREAKING: Peterhouse votes remain in CUSU referendum October 29, 2016 News: Hundreds march in protest against University animal testing April 25, 2015 News: First dinosaur brain found in fossil November 6, 2016 Across the site Latest Most read News: Pink Floyd's Syd Barrett finally recognised in Cambridge November 12, 2016 Food & Drink: Taste Test: Cheese November 12, 2016 Escape: Escape from the Bubble: Vietnam November 12, 2016 Theatre: Review: Scenes From a Void November 12, 2016 News: Cambridge ranks top 10 in number of billionaire alumni November 12, 2016 Theatre: Review: Comedy Weakly November 12, 2016 Theatre: Review: Banged Up! November 11, 2016 News: Why are there so many ladybirds about? October 29, 2016 News: Distinguished barrister Lord Grabiner to become new Master of Clare College December 15, 2013 News: Yes Campaign wins class lists referendum November 4, 2016 News: Cambridge is third stingiest city in UK to trick-or-treaters October 29, 2016 Fashion & Beauty: Mirror, mirror: Faith and self-esteem November 6, 2016 News: BREAKING: Peterhouse votes remain in CUSU referendum October 29, 2016 News: Hundreds march in protest against University animal testing April 25, 2015 Best of the Rest Food & Drink: Taste Test: Cheese November 12, 2016 Culture: A Trump-Free America? '30 Days, 30 Songs' November 8, 2016 Culture: Review: We Are Scientists at the Junction November 7, 2016 Interviews: Sophie Walker on "making politics about women" November 6, 2016 Interviews: Tim Farron: Lib-Dems should lead the charge against nationalism November 6, 2016 Comments News RSS feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Print this page Home News Investigations Science Editorial Comment Features Columns Culture Theatre Music Film Books Games TV Lifestyle Escape Food & Drink Fashion & Beauty Interviews Sport Team Print About Constitution Editorial Independence FAQ Apply Contact Complaints Publication Dates The Team Cookie Policy|Advertise with us|© The Cambridge Student 2014 [x] Sign up to receive weekly updates Please select Cambridge student Cambridge alumni Prospective student Press Other Sign up for: Downloads Weekly Updates Sign up No, thanks
X Close Entertainment Movies Music TV People People Style Men Women Culture Arts Books Design Food Food News Eating Out Recipes Health Wellness Fitness Nutrition Family Family Living Living Travel Malaysia Asia & Oceania Americas Europe Africa Videos Entertainment Movies Upin and Ipin, tiny boys with a huge audience Who will Johnny Depp play in Fantastic Beasts sequel? Review: Shut In Chris Pine, Jeff Bridges together in Hell Or High Water Music Listen to Jose Gonzalez's music live in Singapore Is Taylor Swift still relevant after 10 years? Third Eye Blind is still living a semi-charmed kind of life Singing sensation Jeryl Lee Pei Ling goes back to school TV Stephen Amell teases Arrow S5 plots Elijah Wood stars in new TV series This local horror novel is so popular it is becoming a TV show 10 must-watch shows on dimsum People People Bake Off's Mary Berry gets new food-theme show Perkeso case managers give injured workers the crucial support they need to get back to work Ann Patchett novel taps her family Robert Vaughn, Man From U.N.C.L.E. actor, dies aged 83 Style Men Is Coach cool? This book thinks so Would you wear sunglasses made by a famous watch brand? The new Uniqlo U collection rolls out this month Before you grow your moustache, here’s what you need to know about Movember Women Supermodel Karen Elson picks up lush beauty deal There is a way to repair damaged hair Bling it on This jewellery collection will make you see the appeal of pearls Culture Arts What makes the Avengers tick? Find out here 'Genius' art from the 1980s A cool place for Chinese ink paintings Veteran artist celebrates a life well-lived Books Review: Commonwealth Ann Patchett novel taps her family Muslim women in Singapore speak out Review: Thunder Boy Jr Design Designers took this simple chair and totally transformed it Internet finds feature in this apartment Little boutique hotel in Penang wins big award A house filled with lovingly hand-crafted furniture and decor Food Food News 4 charming cafes in Kuala Lumpur you never knew existed The flavour jigsaw: Hot chillies – Part 1 Redzepi to go vegetarian for part of the year 5 nostalgic childhood treats from around the world Eating Out 4 charming cafes in Kuala Lumpur you never knew existed Hong Kong singing stars are hits in the kitchen Eating Out For Under RM30: Kedai Kopi Yee Fung 6 ways to have a meal in the clouds Recipes 4 dishes to make with pears Sweet, spicy Japanese-style fried chicken 3 ways with udon Clean up your plate with these Indian seafood dishes Health Wellness Diabetes does not discriminate Pregnant women need to see their doctors a lot more Binge watching your favourite TV shows can increase your belly fat What happens to your body if you suffer from diabetes? Fitness Here's why you don't lose weight even though you exercise daily If you want to be super fit, you need to be competitive If you have long-term neck pain, you really should consider this exercise Walking your dogs can do more than just boost fitness Nutrition If you want your children to eat healthy, turn off the TV Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Vital nutrients for diabetes How to train your brain to fight junk food temptations Family Family Pregnant women need to see their doctors a lot more Dear Thelma: My son is stealing from me! When you have diabetes during pregnancy Healthy habits for both mother and child Living Living This little furry fella fits in your hand What makes the Avengers tick? Find out here Things you need to know before taking in a stray cat Hey ladies, here's how to take care of business... down there Travel Malaysia A showcase of uniquely Malaysian delights The world’s most Instagrammed tourist attractions Travellers will be going on microadventures in 2017 One of the best places to travel to in 2017 is... Perak Asia & Oceania Colourful limestone pools a dazzling sight The world’s highest bridge is almost completed Taipei is full of thrills This river gets you up close to nature Americas 6 best destinations for nature lovers in 2017 Trails that take you to the playground of wildlife in Florida Tulum, the other side of Riviera Maya 3 top picks for hot dog fun when you're in America Europe Norway in a nutshell Take a look at where a monster lived and died 6 best destinations for nature lovers in 2017 James Bond is quite at home at this hotel Africa Blink but don't miss a visit to Swaziland Somalia's cave art faces a rocky future Virtual tour: Go on safari with Google Could you run a marathon through the Sahara desert? Videos Chimpanzees and other great apes were found to have a behaviour that was previously thought to be exclusive to humans, says expert.Animals Home Living Science & Technology What happens when this chimp watches a man in a King Kong suit? October 14, 2016 Animals, Living, Science & Technology By AGENCY Related Articles Can you trust a banker? Research study says 'Not really' Scientists using homemade videos featuring a person in a King Kong costume have documented a remarkable cognitive skill shared by chimpanzees, bonobos and orangutans: the human-like ability to recognise when someone else’s beliefs are wrong. The research demonstrated that these great apes, humankind’s closest living evolutionary cousins, possess a capability thought until now to have been the exclusive domain of people, the scientists said recently. As individual apes were shown videos featuring a human actor and a costumed ape-like King Kong character, researchers tracked their eye movements. In the video, the human watches King Kong hide an object in one of two boxes. When the person leaves, King Kong moves the object to a new location. When the person returns to find the object, the apes looked intently at the original spot in anticipation of the person searching there. Even though the apes knew the object had been moved, they understood that the human thought it was still there, said study co-leader Fumihiro Kano, a comparative psychologist at Kyoto University in Japan. The ability to think about others’ thoughts and emotions is at the heart of so much of human social behaviour, including our unique forms of communication, cooperation and culture, said study co-leader Christopher Krupenye. At the core of this ability is understanding that others’ actions are guided not necessarily by reality but by their beliefs about reality, even when false, added Krupenye, a comparative psychologist at the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Germany who worked on the study, published in the journal Science, at Duke University. Human children fully develop this understanding by around age 4 or 5. The ability to understand someone else’s false beliefs is a trait that the great apes share with humans “Apes are incredibly intelligent, which isn’t so surprising given that they are our closest relatives, but I think that a lot of people underestimate the cognitive abilities of animals in general,” Krupenye said. By studying these apes, researchers seek to learn which aspects of human psychology are unique to people and which are shared with other apes and thus likely were present in the common ancestor that lived some 13 to 18 million years ago before the split of the evolutionary lineage of humans and those other species, Krupenye added. Previous research showed that apes can reason about others’ goals and intentions, know what others can see, and understand what others know based on what those others have seen, Krupenye said. – Reuters/Will Dunham Tags great apes behaviour great apes intelligence human behaviour human social behaviour Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology Next article Kee's World - October 15, 2016 Previous article First look at Amber Heard as the Queen Of Atlantis You May Be Interested Animals November 14, 2016 This little furry fella fits in your hand Arts November 14, 2016 What makes the Avengers tick? Find out here Animals November 13, 2016 Things you need to know before taking in a stray cat All comments are moderated. Your comment may not show up immediately. Please keep it clean and on topic. Offensive comments will not be published. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Advertisement Most Viewed Nov 14, 2016 This little furry fella fits in your hand Nov 13, 2016 Hey ladies, here’s how to take care of business… down there Nov 13, 2016 Things you need to know before taking in a stray cat Nov 13, 2016 Hey, killer clowns, we have a question for you Nov 13, 2016 Restoring and retaining moisture in your skin Topics Science & Technology Environment Animals Advertisement Advertisement Entertainment People Style Culture Food Health Family Living Travel Videos Back to top About Star2.com Star2.com is the lifestyle portal of The Star Media Group. Star2.com features stories on Entertainment, People, Style, Culture, Food, Health, Family, Living and Travel. Additional Information About us Terms of use Contact us Privacy policy Mobile App Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video 5G World TV Intelligence Back About Intelligence White Papers Industry Survey Reports Magazines Polls Webinars Back Current Webinars Webinar Archive Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Media Information Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news UK & US govs weigh into AI debate – sh*t gets real Written by Jamie Davies 13 October 2016 @ 13:00 Over the course of this week two government reports on the role of artificial intelligence have been launched, officially confirming the arrival of the technology on a global scale. The tech industry has been all over AI for a while but, so far, governments have stayed quiet. With the launch of the Science and Technology Committee’s report on Robotics and Artificial Intelligence in the UK and the White House’s National Science and Technology Council Committee on Technology report, AI has now been thrust into central conversations at a regulatory and policy level. The tone of both the reports is largely what you would expect. The UK report, which was prepared by Science and Technology Committee, was pessimistic on the country’s current readiness for AI, while also critical on government actions to date. The US report was largely negative in its tone when addressing the future, focusing on correcting the challenges than growing the potential, and at times demonstrated paranoia more than anything else. In both reports, there was a very strong undertone of haughty self-importance. But what did we learn from the reports? Education and Skills Both reports focused on one area which has been clear for some time, though has not been recognized in an official capacity: the education systems in both the UK and the US are not built towards creating the skills required for a digital era and artificial intelligence. The industry is already in a skills drought, this can be seen through the vast sums of money which is being spent on AI start-up acqui-hires, and it will only become worse. Within the UK, the Science and Technology Committee has called upon the government to stop dilly-dallying and commit to a digital strategy which would trickle down to the education system. Professor Rose Luckin from the UCL Institute of Education commented “I do not feel that the moment we are equipping either students in school or workers in the workforce with the requisite skills to know how to adapt themselves to use the automation they are being offered to the best effect.” In short, Rose believes the education system needs to evolve to prepare students for a world where AI and robotics are commonplace. The US government also echoes this point. “Integrating AI, data science, and related fields throughout the Nation’s education system is essential to developing a workforce that can address national priorities. Educational institutions are establishing and growing AI programs at all levels. Universities, colleges, and even secondary schools are expanding AI and data science curricula, but more programs and teachers are needed.” One of the most important notes from both the reports is a change in mind set to both individuals and the education system. While the millennials are accustomed to the connected world, the education system is not. Schools and universities need to adapt to create a more data-literate community to alight with the digitally-orientated economy which is on the verge of mainstream. Economy and jobs This is an area which Telecoms.com has discussed before, and has been addressed by a number of industry commentators but not with any official substance to date. The introduction of artificial intelligence will have to managed responsibly to ensure the impact on employment in certain sectors is not too drastic. The UK report has taken a very balanced, if non-committal view on the topic, highlighting the number of jobs which will be created alongside the ones which will be lost. While this is encouraging for the country and economy on the whole, your correspondent isn’t too sure the same sentiment will be felt by a London cabby having to retrain in his mid-fifties. The White House’s National Science and Technology Council Committee on Technology instead raise an interesting point which has so far flown under the radar. “Analysis by the White House Council of Economic Advisors (CEA) suggests that the negative effect of automation will be greatest on lower-wage jobs, and that there is a risk that AI-driven automation will increase the wage gap between less-educated and more-educated workers, potentially increasing economic inequality.” In a country where tensions are already high, with the difference between the increasingly wealthy middle-class and the further down-trodden working classes plainly obvious, the transition will have to be managed carefully to ensure the negative impacts are not too drastic. The roll-out of artificial intelligence will come faster than any other scientific advancement in history, how the government reacts and the policies created to support redundant workers could partially define the success of AI. A question of ethics How do you programme ethics and morals into a computer? If philosophers have been pondering the questions of existence, morality and consciousness for millennia without coming to a conclusion, what chance do plebs like us have of translating that unknown answer into a language a computer can understand. AI will impact every aspect of day-to-day life from self-driving cars to medical diagnosis, to intelligent tutoring programmes, raising a host of social, legal and ethical questions. Transparency in the decision making process of the machine has to be paramount, to maintain the AI is continuing to act within the parameters set forward. But who writes these parameters in the first place? Preventing bias being built into the AI system could be a very complicated task. The report from the White House has even gone as far as to suggest introducing new training programmes for those involved in the development of AI. “Ethical training for AI practitioners and students is a necessary part of the solution. Ideally, every student learning AI, computer science, or data science would be exposed to curriculum and discussion on related ethics and security topics. However, ethics alone is not sufficient.” The question of ethics and control models in artificial intelligence could be a melting pot of political, economic and social conflicts in the future. International collaboration is key though the one-upmanship which is commonplace in the political world and standards development could see a slight delay. Government posturing Both reports demonstrated a clear message: we’re the best and should lead the development of AI on a global scale. The ‘listen to me’ attitude should hardly come as a surprise considering politicians and academics are some of the more self-righteous career paths available, though there is certainly a bit of international posturing coming through too. The report has highlighted the UK considers itself the self-appointed world leader in artificial intelligence, and thus the UK government should play a central role in the development of international standards. Back in 2013, the UK government identified Robotics and Artificial Intelligence as one of the ‘Eight Great Technologies’ which should be supported and cultured. A committee was promised and to-date, three years later, has not appeared. This contradictory chain of events dents the UK government’s claim for prominence in the international AI arena. The US government is hardly any better. Once again throughout the report there are several undertones of ‘we’re going to be the boss at this’. The posturing is hardly surprising as the potential of AI is immense; governments will want international policy to best support its own citizens needs and businesses ambitions. There isn’t necessarily a right answer to which country is most advanced at the moment. The US has Silicon Valley, and some of the leading minds in the technology world. The UK has Google’s Deepmind headquartered in London, a group of machine learning engineers who are arguably the best in the world. The Germans meanwhile, who are currently hosting the global IBM Watson HQ, have remained uncharacteristically quite over this international land-grab. Pompous public sector Another area which will have to be kept an eye on is the role of government. Throughout both reports there were numerous claims of the importance of the government in the development of the industry. Yes, there is a role from a regulatory and policy perspective, as well as education, but the involvement in the development of the technology should be managed because, let’s be honest, the best engineers are going to be working for the AI companies not the government. In short, the role of the government needs to be defined. After reading both reports it was still unclear how involved the government needs or wants to be. For example, there are several statements made in the reports which suggest the development of AI couldn’t possibly go any further without government assistance. Somehow Google got this far without public servants helping out whenever they decide to turn up to the office. For example: “Without a Government strategy for the sector, the productivity gains that could be achieved through greater uptake of the technologies across the UK will remain unrealized” – UK report “Provide much need direction and coordination” – UK report “Given the strategic importance of AI, moreover, it is appropriate for Federal Government to monitor developments in the first worldwide” – US report “Recommendation 12: Industry should work with government to keep government updated on the gradual progress of AI in the industry, including the likelihood of milestones being reached soon” – US report The government is important in the development of new technology, though it should be put in context. The private sector has more R&D funds, better insight on the practical implementations of AI and more qualified engineers to move the technology forward. Government has an important role to play, but let’s keep it to the right areas. One quote which should be analysed further is in the UK report in the section focused around standards and regulation. “It should focus [a committee to oversee the development of AI] on establishing principles to govern the development and applications of AI techniques, as well as advising government of any regulation required on limits to its progression.” Limits are needed, no-one wants AI to take over the world, but the limits imposed should be closely scrutinized to ensure progress is not faltered by prying government hands. In fact, this is a concern of Tech UK also: “Over regulation of robotics and artificial intelligence at this stage of its development risks stalling or even stifling innovation. This could in turn risk the UK’s leadership in the development of these technologies.” Gratuitous abuse The government has a very important role to play in the development of artificial intelligence, though it has to appreciate it is a supporting role. Creating regulation and policy to support the growth and prevent the abuse of AI should be the primary concern of public sector officials, though there are certain areas in the report where one could become concerns government hands are reaching too far. The role of government is critical, that is not under question, though there has to be a careful balancing act to ensure actions are not at the detriment of progress. Only time will tell as to whether official bodies are able to keep clear of micro-managing industry, but it also can’t write a blank cheque to industry. Tags: Artificial Intelligence, featured, government, legislation, policy, Regulation, standards Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Related Content Ericsson reflects on a tough year, resolves to do better FCC points net neutrality finger at AT&T Predicting the polls - did Google know Trump and Brexit would happen? Apple and PayPal continue crusade to end human interaction Webinars View all Progress Report: Where are the CSPs with the Digital Service Provider transformation? 15 November 2016 White Papers View all Telecoms.com eBook: AI in CEM – the opportunity for telcos Share 4 days ago 2016 Cloud VPN Survey Report Share 02 Nov 2016 2016 Broadband Outlook report Share 18 Oct 2016 Events View all TV Connect Africa 15-17 November 2016 View Event LTE Africa 15-17 November 2016 View Event AfricaCom 15-17 November 2016 View Event Polls View all Which cloud provider has impressed you most over the last six months? AWS Microsoft Azure Google Cloud IBM Other  Loading ... Twitter View all #Ericsson reflects on a tough year, resolves to do better https://t.co/jWcixYasta #uncategorized #cloud #featured 11 November 2016 @ 14:18:13 UTC #Google and Europe continue passive-aggressive #antitrust argument https://t.co/t6ByWmI9qs #corporate #regulation 11 November 2016 @ 14:18:12 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2016. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
Jobs Bestride Real Estate Classifieds E-Edition Subscriber Services Account Register Login Subscribe About Access E-Edition DMG Rewards Manage Subscription Customer Service Live chat Newsletters Manage Account Log Out Columbus, Ohio • Nov 14, 2016 • 30° Clear The Columbus Dispatch News RSS Feeds Podcasts News Topics Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Legal Notices Local Lottery Medicine & Health Obituaries Offbeat Religion Science Special Reports US & World Weather Corrections   News Blogs -Browse by Topic- Business Columbus Education From the editor Local history Politics Public records Religion Science and environment News Blog Directory Commentary Alan D. Miller Theodore Decker John Switzer Sports RSS Feeds Podcasts College Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges High School High School Sports Other Sports Outdoors Pro Sports NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Auto Racing Sports Blogs -Browse by Sport- Blue Jackets Buckeye football Buckeye men's basketball Buckeye women's basketball Clippers Crew Golf High school sports Sports Blog Directory Commentary Michael Arace Bob Hunter Rob Oller Opinion RSS Feeds Podcasts Editorials Today's staff editorials 7-day archive Editorial Cartoons Recent Nate Beeler Cartoons Searchable Archive   Letters to the Editor Today's letters and web-only letters 30-day archive Submit your letter Op-Ed Columns Today's columns 30-day archive Life & Entertainment RSS Feeds Podcasts Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Horoscopes Pets DispatchClassifieds.com Puzzles Travel Weekly Ads Entertainment Books Celebrities Dining Events Movies Music Television Theater Life Blogs -Browse by Topic- Cycling Food For kids Joe Blundo Pop culture Old houses Pets Real estate Theater Life & Entertainment Blog Directory Commentary Joe Blundo Advice Columns Reader Columns Services Customer Service Manage Subscription Live chat Call Service: 1-877-734-7728 Call Billing: 1-866-790-7748 Subscription Home delivery E-Edition Submissions Obituaries In Memoriams Celebration Announcements (ceremonies, engagements, etc.) Letters to the Editor Entertainment Events at ColumbusAlive.com DMG Rewards Current Rewards Advertising Place an Ad Media Kit Other Services Weekly Ads Coupons Columbus Savvy Shopper Dispatch Events Newspapers in Education Contact Need help? Visit our FAQ page or use our Contact Form. Customer Service Need help? Try our live chat or online customer service. For service, call 1-877-734-7728. For billing, call 1-866-790-7748. For other inquiries, use our Contact Form or Staff Directory. Subscriptions Subscribe to The Dispatch online or call 1-877-734-7728. Advertising To place help wanted ads, call 614-888-8888 or visit ColumbusJobs.com For private seller and classified advertising, call 614-888-8888 or visit DispatchClassifieds.com. For retail advertising, call 614-461-5500 or email us. For national advertising, call 614-461-5199. For online advertising, call 614-461-5143 or email us. Newsroom To send news tips, use our News Tip Form or call 614-461-5200. Visit our Staff Directory. Use our Contact Form, or call 614-461-5200. Dispatch Careers Visit dispatch.com/careers or call 614-461-5033. Fax 614-461-5565. Interested in delivering The Dispatch or The Bag? Check out dispatch.com/delivery or dispatch.com/bagdelivery. Subscribe Total Access Enjoy the convenience of home delivery plus Digital D. Sign up for our BEST VALUE today! Select Digital D Online? On the go? Enjoy unlimited premium dispatch.com content plus the E-Edition for computer and iPad. Select Home Delivery Award-winning journalism conveniently delivered to your home. Choose the custom package best suited for you! Select E-Edition Weekly Ads Video Photos Data Obituaries Hot Links: no title Predict OSU-Michigan State Capitol Insider Lake Erie algae Canada geese Volunteers help vet keep up home Women veterans Home News Trump denies women’s claims The Daily Briefing Provisional ballot totals fall short of 2012 Senate Dems may see reductions in leadership, staff Kasich joining Cavs, LeBron at White House ceremony Kasich scuttles D.C. speech in wake of Trump win Buckeye Forum Podcast The Dispatch public affairs team talks politics and tackles state and federal government issues in the Buckeye Forum podcast. Your Right to Know Public records complaint program open for business Enlarge Image Request to buy this photo Evan Vucci/The Associated Press Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump kisses a “Women for Trump” sign during a campaign rally in Lakeland, Florida, on Wednesday. By Julie Pace and Kathleen Hennessey The Associated Press  •  Thursday October 13, 2016 8:58 AM PUEBLO, Colo. — Brimming with new confidence, Hillary Clinton turned up the heat Wednesday on Republican candidates who are facing both tight election races and tough decisions on what to do about Donald Trump. She’s now seeking to spread her new momentum to fellow Democrats on November ballots. Are you with him or not? Clinton and her campaign are demanding of GOP candidates as she surfs a wave of new support, part of the fallout from the revelations of Trump’s aggressive sexual comments about women. Two newspapers, meanwhile, reported late Wednesday that Trump’s actions went beyond words. The New York Times published interviews with two women who say they were touched inappropriately by the billionaire without their permission. The Times said Jessica Leeds, 74, of New York, told the newspaper she encountered Trump on an airline flight three decades ago. Leeds said they were sitting next to each other when Trump grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt. “He was like an octopus,” she told the newspaper. “His hands were everywhere." She said she fled to the back of the plane and later told several friends of the incident. Four of those friends also talked with The Times. Rachel Crooks, of Ohio, said she met Trump during an event at Trump Tower in 2005 while she worked in an office there. Age 22 at the time, Crooks says Trump kissed her “directly on the mouth” against her will. Shaken, Crooks said, she returned to her desk and called her sister, Brianne Webb, in the small town in Ohio where they had grown up, and told her what had happened. “She was very worked up about it,’’ said Webb, who recalled pressing her sister for details. ‘‘I was like, ‘that is not normal.’” Trump denied the accusations, telling The Times “None of this ever took place.” His campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, called the story “a completely false, coordinated character assassination.” Separately, The Palm Beach Post in Florida, reported Wednesday night that Mindy McGillivray, 36, told the newspaper that Trump groped her at his Mar-a-Lago estate 13 years ago. Trump’s campaign said her allegation “lacks any merit or veracity.” At a rally in Colorado, Clinton declared that Trump is desperate and running a “ scorched earth strategy.” “That’s all they have left — pure negativity, pessimism,” she said. Indeed, Trump kept up his unrelenting denunciations of Clinton at a rally in Florida. It’s not enough for voters to elect him instead of her, he declared, “She has got to go to jail.” Later Wednesday, Clinton was campaigning in Las Vegas, where she planned to call out Rep. Joe Heck, a Republican in a tough Senate fight who revoked his support for Trump after hearing his caught-on-video boasts about groping women. The focus on Republican congressional candidates is the latest sign the Clinton campaign is moving past a narrow focus on winning the White House and is aiming to win big — by delivering the Senate to Democrats, making deep cuts into the Republicans’ majority in the House and, possibly, winning states long considered Republican territory. “If you’ve got friends in Utah or Arizona, make sure they vote, too,” Clinton told a raucous crowd in Pueblo. “We are competing everywhere.” Clinton’s new swagger and expanded ambitions come as Trump has declared that he feels unshackled to launch the sort of hard-edged, personal campaign his most ardent supporters love. In Florida, he highlighted a new batch of hacked emails from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta’s account, published by WikiLeaks, the anti-secrecy group. He asserted that the emails show ever more clearly that the former secretary of state and her family are corrupt. Podesta, citing a tweet as evidence, suggested the Trump team knew in advance about WikiLeaks’ plans to publish his hacked emails. The group, which U.S. officials have said has ties to Russian intelligence, released a fourth installment of correspondence between top Clinton campaign officials on Wednesday. Podesta said the FBI is investigating Russia’s possible involvement. While acknowledging that any evidence was circumstantial, he said the alleged ties could be driven either by Trump’s policy positions or the Republican’s “deep engagement and ties with Russian interests in his business affairs.” As party leaders step away from him, Trump vows to win the election his own way. He has struck particularly hard at House Speaker Paul Ryan, who told Republicans Monday he’ll no longer campaign for Trump. Trump said in Florida there is a “whole sinister deal going on” that has prevented Ryan and other Republican leaders from fully backing his campaign. “We’re going to figure it out,” he said. “I always figure it out.” He said, “I wouldn’t want to be in a foxhole with a lot of these people, that I can tell you, including Ryan. By the way, including Ryan, especially Ryan.” Information from The New York Times was used in this story. Favorite Print Story Advertisement • Place an ad News Video More Videos Advertisement • Place an ad Explore Columbus Search Businesses Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Add Your Business COLUMBUS ATTRACTIONS Columbus Bars Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Columbus Doctors Medical Specialists Contractors Construction Education in Columbus Lawn Services Lawyers in Columbus Shopping in Columbus Travel to Columbus Tanning in Columbus Used Cars in Columbus Wedding Services News Blogs The Daily Briefing Provisional ballot totals fall short of 2012 Provisional ballots will begin being tallied 10 days after the election The Daily Briefing Senate Dems may see reductions in leadership, staff As Senate Democrats continue to lose seats, they also may lose paid leadership... The Bottom Line More people prefer actual gift over gift cards this year Half of Americans plan to give gift cards The Bottom Line Stores, restaurants offer veterans thanks for their service Veterans Day deals More News Blogs Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad Site Map About the Dispatch About Our Ads Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contacts Store Work with Us News Business Crime & Safety Education Environment Government & Politics Local Medicine & Health Obituaries Religion Science US & World Weather Sports Ohio State Sports at BuckeyeXtra.com Other Colleges NHL: Blue Jackets at BlueJacketsXtra.com MLS: Crew MiLB: Clippers MLB: Reds & Indians NBA: Cavaliers NFL: Bengals & Browns Golf Sports Commentary High School Sports Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Nate Beeler Cartoons Op-Ed Columnists Life Topics Contests Fashion & Style Food Home & Garden Travel Advice Columns Joe Blundo Columns Entertainment Topics Books Dining Events Movies Music Theater Classifieds Columbus Jobs Columbus Real Estate Bestride Dispatch Classifieds Services Customer Service Reader Rewards Place an Ad Submissions Reader Options Home Delivery Archive Mobile E-Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Podcasts Dispatch Media Group Dispatch Media Group Browse Affiliate Sites Dispatch Media Group The Columbus Dispatch BlueJacketsXtra BuckeyeXtra Columbus Alive Columbus Parent Columbus Monthly Columbus Weddings Columbus CEO ThisWeek Community News Advertisement • Place an ad Advertisement • Place an ad © Copyright 2016 GateHouse Media, Inc. and Propel/DMG, reproduction prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
Contests e-Edition Obits 6° Cloudy Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Rockets Warriors BC Games NFL UBCO Heat Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Impress   Place Classified Ad Browse Classifieds BC Jobs Connect with Us     News Good Morning Kelowna     Kelowna posted Oct 13, 2016 at 6:00 AM— updated Oct 13, 2016 at 9:01 AM — image credit: Something to do today: Get over to Maxine's Drive-thru in Kelowna right now and donate generously. You'll get you a breakfast bag full of goodies and chances to win stuff. You'll also help so many people around the Central Okanagan because it your donation goes to fund local United Way programs. The Drive-Thru is at the Ramada Lodge, enter off Enterprise Way. Donate generously.   Weather outlook: Weather Channel says: Rainy until about 10 a.m., high of 10C at 3 p.m. when the rain will start again.   Top story to read about today: Gord Downie has started the Gord Downie & Chanie Wenjack Fund that will be guided by the National Centre for Truth and Reconciliation.   Twitter's all atwitter about Sir Roderick Stewart.   Facebook is trending with—big surprise—itself! In the days after dumping human beings deciding what the hot topics were, AI (artificial intelligence) popped a fake news story up to No. 1.   Something to do today: Pick up some great lovingly-read books in the Great Okanagan Book Sale. Any time from 9:30 a.m. to 9 p.m. today, drop by the Parish Hall, 839 Sutherland Ave., and browse through adult mystery, romance, western, sci-fi, young adult) and non-fiction. They're priced up to $2. There's a room full of kids book too—just 50 cents each. The sale continues the same times Friday and from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday. We encourage an open exchange of ideas on this story's topic, but we ask you to follow our guidelines for respecting community standards. Personal attacks, inappropriate language, and off-topic comments may be removed, and comment privileges revoked, per our Terms of Use. Please see our FAQ if you have questions or concerns about using Facebook to comment. Related Stories Good Morning Kelowna, Oct. 17. (October 17, 2016) Good morning Kelowna. Get started with this morning recap (October 18, 2016) Dreary morning in Kelowna (October 17, 2016) Good morning Kelowna, Thursday Oct. 27, 2016 (October 27, 2016) Good morning Kelowna, for Tuesday Nov. 8, 2016 (November 08, 2016) Good morning Kelowna, Thursday Nov. 3, 2016 (November 03, 2016) Good morning Kelowna, here's what's making news Oct. 26 (October 26, 2016) Good morning Kelowna, for Wednesday Nov. 9, 2016 (November 09, 2016) You might like ... Community Events, November 2016 Add an Event Click here to place a job ad or call us at 1-855-678-7833 Kelowna Capital News Home Our Team Contact Us Advertising Info News BC News Sports BC Sports Rockets Warriors BC Games NFL UBCO Heat Business BC Business Entertainment BC Arts & Entertainment What's on Guide Community Calendar Submit an Event Lifestyles BC Lifestyles Wine Trails Opinion BC Opinions Letters Web Poll Driveway World Canada / World Sports Vancouver Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Our Mobile Apps Shop Classifieds BC Jobs About Us iServices Other Towns Careers Calendar Add an Event RSS Terms of Use Privacy Policy Commenting FAQ ©  2016  Copyright   Black Press, Inc.  All rights reserved. Black Press, Inc. About Us Our Titles Careers
Sunday November 13 2016 8:16 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Clinton turns up heat as Trump denies report of assault October 13, 2016, 05:00 AM By Julie Pace and Kathleen PUEBLO, Colo. — Hillary Clinton turned up the heat Wednesday on Republican candidates who are facing both tight election races and tough decisions on what to do about Donald Trump. She’s now seeking to spread her new momentum to fellow Democrats on November ballots. The move came on a day that ended with new allegations — piling onto already damaging revelations of Trump’s aggressive sexual comments about women. Two newspapers reported late Wednesday that Trump’s actions went beyond words. The New York Times published interviews with two women who say they were touched inappropriately by the billionaire without their permission. The Times said Jessica Leeds, 74, of New York, told the newspaper she encountered Trump on an airline flight three decades ago. Leeds said Trump grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt. “He was like an octopus,” she told the newspaper. “His hands were everywhere.” Rachel Crooks, of Ohio, said she met Trump at Trump Tower in 2005. Age 22 at the time, Crooks says Trump kissed her “directly on the mouth” against her will. Trump denied the accusations, telling the Times, “None of this ever took place.” His campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, called the story “a completely false, coordinated character assassination.” Separately, The Palm Beach Post in Florida, reported Wednesday night that Mindy McGillivray, 36, told the newspaper that Trump groped her at his Mar-a-Lago estate 13 years ago. Trump’s campaign said her allegation “lacks any merit or veracity.” The reports came as two GOP senators and two House members who called for Trump to step aside over the weekend climbed back aboard. Their basic case: They’re voting for a Republican next month, and if Trump isn’t leaving then he’s got to be the one. John Thune of South Dakota, the third-ranking Republican in the Senate told the Rapid City Journal he had “reservations about the way (Trump) has conducted his campaign and himself.” However, he said, “I’m certainly not going to vote for Hillary Clinton.” Also back on board after calling on Trump to resign: Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska and Reps. Scott Garrett of New Jersey and Bradley Byrne of Alabama. There still are some three dozen GOP lawmakers who have withdrawn their support or are calling for Trump to step aside. At a rally in Colorado, Clinton declared that Trump is “desperate” and running “scorched earth strategy.” “That’s all they have left — pure negativity, pessimism,” she said. Indeed, Trump kept up his unrelenting denunciations of Clinton at a rally in Florida. It’s not enough for voters to elect him instead of her, he declared, “She has got to go to jail.” Later Wednesday, Clinton was campaigning in Las Vegas, where she planned to call out Rep. Joe Heck, a Republican in a tough Senate fight who revoked his support for Trump after hearing his caught-on-video boasts about groping women. The focus on Republican congressional candidates is the latest sign the Clinton campaign is moving past a narrow focus on winning the White House, and now is aiming to win big — by delivering the Senate to Democrats, making deep cuts into the Republicans’ majority in the House and, possibly, winning states long considered Republican territory. “If you’ve got friends in Utah or Arizona, make sure they vote, too,” Clinton told a raucous crowd in Pueblo. “We are competing everywhere. ... I think Americans want to turn out in as big a number as possible” to reject Trump’s message, Clinton said. She had sympathetic words — serious or not — for Trump supporters who have begun to interrupt her events. As security escorted one man out in Pueblo, Clinton said: “You have to feel a little sorry for them; they’ve had a really bad couple of weeks.” Clinton’s new swagger and expanded ambitions come as Trump declares he feels unshackled to launch the sort of hard-edged, personal campaign his most ardent supporters love. In Florida, he highlighted a new batch of hacked emails from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta’s account, published by WikiLeaks, the anti-secrecy group. He asserted that the emails show ever more clearly that the former secretary of state and her family are corrupt. “It never ends with these people,” he said. Clinton aide Glen Caplin said Wednesday that Trump’s campaign needs to explain its “possible ties to foreign espionage.” The campaign has accused Roger Stone, a longtime Trump adviser, of having advance warning about the leak. Stone has confirmed he had “back-channel communications” with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, but he denies knowing about the group’s plans to release the trove of damaging correspondence. WikiLeaks, which U.S. officials have said has ties to Russian intelligence, released a fourth installment of private correspondence between top Clinton campaign officials on Wednesday. Podesta says the FBI is investigating Russia’s possible involvement, raising the extraordinary prospect of a link between Russia and the U.S. presidential election. The FBI said anew that it is investigating possible Russian hacking involving U.S. politics but made no comment on Podesta. Late Wednesday, Podesta was hacked again, this time via his Twitter account. The campaign would not comment on whether the second hack was related to the email breach. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday in Moscow that “hysterics have been whipped up to distract the attention of the American people from the essence of what the hackers released. ... They talk about who did it. Is it really that important?” With polls showing Clinton pulling ahead in the presidential race and Trump digging in, Republican candidates for the House and Senate are tied in knots. If they revoke their support for their party’s nominee, they risk losing his voters and losing their races. If they stand by him, they not only risk turning off moderate Republicans but also being branded for years as aligned with the Republican who sparked a crisis for the party. As party leaders step away from him, Trump is vowing to win the election his own way. He is striking particularly hard at House Speaker Paul Ryan, who told Republicans Monday he’ll no longer campaign for Trump. Trump said in Florida there is a “whole sinister deal going on” that has prevented Ryan and other Republican leaders from fully backing his campaign. “We’re going to figure it out,” he said. “I always figure it out.” He said, “I wouldn’t want to be in a foxhole with a lot of these people, that I can tell you, including Ryan. By the way, including Ryan, especially Ryan.” ——— Associated Press writers Steve Peoples, Jonathan Lemire and Jill Colvin contributed to this report.     Tags: trump, clinton, campaign, republican, wednesday, about, Other stories from today: Condor chick born in wild flies from nest at California park Drone attack on Kurdish, French forces reveals new threats Danish angling bonanza: 80,000 trout set free by accident     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of Donald Trump's election as president of the United States? It's great It's not great Surprising I'm still processing                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County garage sales  

Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 2:25 A.M. ET Samsung shares drop 2.8% after announcing $8 billion deal for U.S.-based Harmon International 2:15 A.M. ET China's fiscal spending drops sharply in October 2:14 A.M. ET Samsung to buy car audio maker Harman for $8 bln 2:12 A.M. ET Oil futures wobble as hopes fade for OPEC production cut 1:34 A.M. ET RWE profit weighed in part by nuclear-waste fund 1:23 A.M. ET Updated Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 1:07 A.M. ET Japan expects gradual recovery to continue 1:05 A.M. ET Dollar hits multi-month highs versus euro, yen, loonie 12:57 A.M. ET Earthquake in New Zealand Captured on Surveillance Video 12:46 A.M. ET Nasdaq-100 futures up 27.25 points, or 0.6%, to 4,775.25 12:45 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures rise 11.4 points, or 0.5%, to 2,173.25 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 12:45 A.M. ET DJIA futures up 120 points, or 0.6%, to 18,906 11/13 Latest China economic data shows a mixed bag 11/13 China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11/13 Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11/13 Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 11/13 Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 11/13 Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 11/13 Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release RegTech Firm ComplyAdvantage Raises $8.2 Million Series A By Published: Oct 13, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share - Led by Balderton Capital- New funding to support US expansion and rollout of compliance data and technology solutions LONDON, Oct 13, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- ComplyAdvantage, which uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to help firms manage compliance obligations and reduce costs, announced today an $8.2 million Series A funding round led by Balderton Capital. The funding will allow the RegTech firm to realise its ambitious growth strategy, and increase product penetration across Europe and North America, with the New York office officially opening this week. With financial crime becoming ever more sophisticated and endemic, the time is ripe for a smart disruptor to shake up the compliance market. ComplyAdvantage takes a unique approach in providing proprietary, dynamic risk data with more efficient screening and monitoring technology. It is already enjoying early success, with some 200 clients globally relying on ComplyAdvantage technology to reduce financial crime risk and take the pain out of regulatory compliance. The funding round was led by Balderton Capital, one of the largest Europe-focused venture funds. "In compliance, we see lots of entrants with a new workflow, or user-interface tool that is just repackaging the same data. ComplyAdvantage is doing something different, by developing its own proprietary global data set of individuals and companies that pose a threat”, said Tim Bunting, General Partner, Balderton Capital. “We believe that this is one of the few remaining large industries that is still ripe for digital disruption. We are thrilled to be backing Charles and his team, they are well on their way to changing the way companies can understand and monitor risk around their clients. Their mission is truly exciting, and relevant to all businesses." Considering the escalating volume of financial crime combined with the corresponding waves of regulation, it is clear that current anti-money laundering (AML) and counter-financing of terrorism (CFT) solutions must improve. London and other financial centres are frequently cited as money laundering hot spots, while according to recent reports authorities are only able to identify and stop a tiny fraction of illicit funds. “Compliance is painful, slow and expensive,” said founder Charles Delingpole. “It is a huge overhead for firms and there is a massive opportunity to unlock this through technology. At one of my earlier businesses, I was the guy who would have gone to prison if we got compliance wrong, and I found it incredibly difficult to rapidly and safely assess the potential risk of my customers using the existing data and software on the market. To make matters worse, the tools generally generated a huge amount of manual work. So I decided to do something about it. This investment is testament to the incredible things the team has achieved so far and we look forward to taking our business to the next level with Balderton’s support and expertise.” Using its dynamic proprietary database, which covers Sanctions and Watchlists, Politically Exposed Persons (PEPs), and global Adverse Media, the firm is able to create structured profiles of high risk individuals, companies and their associates based on the very latest data. Its innovative AI screening and monitoring technology not only ensures better accuracy but also helps in cutting through the noise and reducing ‘false positives’ (incorrect risk alerts). Chris Pilling, previously founder of Complinet, and former-SVP of Compliance and Regulatory Risk at Thomson Reuters, is now a Strategic Board Advisor to, and investor in, ComplyAdvantage. He commented, “I am delighted to be involved with Charles and the team. At a time when the industry is struggling to cope with the increasing burden of regulatory compliance, there has never been a greater need for radical innovation. By adopting the very latest technologies this firm is capable of delivering a solution that is markedly superior to anything I have seen on the market today.” ComplyAdvantage’s solutions cover three main areas: a data feed of proprietary AML risk data, an on-boarding screening and monitoring platform for ‘know your customer’ (KYC) processes and a real-time transaction monitoring platform to detect suspicious customer behaviours. About ComplyAdvantage ComplyAdvantage helps firms make intelligent choices when complying with regulations relating to sanctions, money laundering (AML), terrorist financing (CFT), bribery and corruption. Its unique proprietary database of individuals, organisations and associated entities provides dynamic real-time insight into financial crime risks. ComplyAdvantage uses artificial intelligence, machine learning and big data analytics combined with a tailored risk-based approach to help firms not only to manage their compliance and risk obligations but to prevent the occurrence of financial crime. Founded in 2014 and headquartered in London and with offices in Cluj, Romania, and now in New York, USA, ComplyAdvantage works with some 200 clients in the financial markets and other regulated and high-risk sectors. ComplyAdvantage is a trading name of IVXS UK Ltd Website: https://complyadvantage.com/ View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161013005280/en/ SOURCE: ComplyAdvantage ComplyAdvantage Freya Longhurst +44 (0)7548 536 999 Freya@complyadvantage.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region Louisiana Politics & Government Clinton gains momentum as Trump accusations mount Hillary Clinton Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton speaks at a rally at the Colorado State Fairgrounds in Pueblo, Colo., Wednesday, Oct. 12, 2016, to attend a rally. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) By  The Associated Press The Associated Press on October 12, 2016 at 10:24 PM, updated October 12, 2016 at 10:28 PM Print Email PUEBLO, Colo. — Hillary Clinton turned up the heat Wednesday on Republican candidates who are facing both tight election races and tough decisions on what to do about Donald Trump. She's now seeking to spread her new momentum to fellow Democrats on November ballots. The move came on a day that ended with new allegations — piling onto already damaging revelations of Trump's aggressive sexual comments about women. Two newspapers reported late Wednesday that Trump's actions went beyond words. The New York Times published interviews with two women who said they were touched inappropriately by the billionaire without their permission. The Times said Jessica Leeds, 74, of New York, told the newspaper she encountered Trump on an airline flight three decades ago. Leeds said Trump grabbed her breasts and tried to put his hand up her skirt. "He was like an octopus," she told the newspaper. "His hands were everywhere." Rachel Crooks, of Ohio, said she met Trump at Trump Tower in 2005. Age 22 at the time, Crooks says Trump kissed her "directly on the mouth" against her will. Trump denied the accusations, telling the Times, "None of this ever took place." His campaign spokesman, Jason Miller, called the story "a completely false, coordinated character assassination." Separately, The Palm Beach Post in Florida reported Wednesday night that Mindy McGillivray, 36, told the newspaper that Trump groped her at his Mar-a-Lago estate 13 years ago. Trump's campaign said her allegation "lacks any merit or veracity." And late Wednesday, People magazine reporter Natasha Stoynoff posted a story about a 2005 incident at Mar-a-Lago where, she wrote, Trump "was pushing me against the wall, and forcing his tongue down my throat." The Trump campaign also said there was "no merit or veracity" to Stoynoff's story. The reports came as two GOP senators and two House members who called for Trump to step aside over the weekend climbed back aboard. Their basic case: They're voting for a Republican next month, and if Trump isn't leaving then he's got to be the one. John Thune of South Dakota, the third-ranking Republican in the Senate told the Rapid City Journal he had "reservations about the way (Trump) has conducted his campaign and himself." However, he said, "I'm certainly not going to vote for Hillary Clinton." Also back on board after calling on Trump to resign: Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska and Reps. Scott Garrett of New Jersey and Bradley Byrne of Alabama. There still are some three dozen GOP lawmakers who have withdrawn their support or are calling for Trump to step aside. Clinton aide Jennifer Palmieri issued a statement: about the New York Times story, saying it "sadly fits everything we know about the way Donald Trump has treated women." But an increasingly confident Clinton made only brief reference to Trump's comments about women — noting the Republicans' dismissal of the conversation as "locker room talk" — and did not address the new allegations. She spent Wednesday trying to float above the fray, warning voters in Colorado and Nevada not to be turned off by the "pure negativity" coming from her opponent. Clinton's campaign had signaled she would go even harder on Republicans, but after news of the fresh allegations, Clinton demurred. She continued to make newly prominent and explicit pitches for congressional candidates in tight races, including Florida Rep. Patrick Murphy and Nevada Senate candidate Catherine Cortez Masto. Trump kept up his unrelenting denunciations of Clinton at a rally in Florida. It's not enough for voters to elect him instead of her, he declared, "She has got to go to jail." Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump gestures as he arrives to speak at a campaign rally, Wednesday, Oct. 12, 2016, in Ocala, Fla. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci)Evan Vucci  The focus on Republican congressional candidates is the latest sign the Clinton campaign is moving past a narrow focus on winning the White House, and now is aiming to win big — by delivering the Senate to Democrats, making deep cuts into the Republicans' majority in the House and, possibly, winning states long considered Republican territory. "If you've got friends in Utah or Arizona, make sure they vote, too," Clinton told a raucous crowd in Pueblo. "We are competing everywhere. ... I think Americans want to turn out in as big a number as possible" to reject Trump's message, Clinton said. She had sympathetic words — serious or not — for Trump supporters who have begun to interrupt her events. As security escorted one man out in Pueblo, Clinton said: "You have to feel a little sorry for them; they've had a really bad couple of weeks." Clinton's new swagger and expanded ambitions come as Trump declares he feels unshackled to launch the sort of hard-edged, personal campaign his most ardent supporters love. In Florida, he highlighted a new batch of hacked emails from Clinton campaign manager John Podesta's account, published by WikiLeaks, the anti-secrecy group. He asserted that the emails show ever more clearly that the former secretary of state and her family are corrupt. "It never ends with these people," he said. Clinton aide Glen Caplin said Wednesday that Trump's campaign needs to explain its "possible ties to foreign espionage." The campaign has accused Roger Stone, a longtime Trump adviser, of having advance warning about the leak. Stone has confirmed he had "back-channel communications" with WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, but he denies knowing about the group's plans to release the trove of damaging correspondence. WikiLeaks, which U.S. officials have said has ties to Russian intelligence, released a fourth installment of private correspondence between top Clinton campaign officials on Wednesday. Podesta says the FBI is investigating Russia's possible involvement, raising the extraordinary prospect of a link between Russia and the U.S. presidential election. The FBI said anew that it is investigating possible Russian hacking involving U.S. politics but made no comment on Podesta. Late Wednesday, Podesta was hacked again, this time via his Twitter account. The campaign would not comment on whether the second hack was related to the email breach. Russian President Vladimir Putin said Wednesday in Moscow that "hysterics have been whipped up to distract the attention of the American people from the essence of what the hackers released. ... They talk about who did it. Is it really that important?" With polls showing Clinton pulling ahead in the presidential race and Trump digging in, Republican candidates for the House and Senate are tied in knots. If they revoke their support for their party's nominee, they risk losing his voters and losing their races. If they stand by him, they not only risk turning off moderate Republicans but also being branded for years as aligned with the Republican who sparked a crisis for the party. As party leaders step away from him, Trump is vowing to win the election his own way. He is striking particularly hard at House Speaker Paul Ryan, who told Republicans Monday he'll no longer campaign for Trump. Trump said in Florida there is a "whole sinister deal going on" that has prevented Ryan and other Republican leaders from fully backing his campaign. "We're going to figure it out," he said. "I always figure it out." He said, "I wouldn't want to be in a foxhole with a lot of these people, that I can tell you, including Ryan. By the way, including Ryan, especially Ryan." ___ About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
null
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic SurfaceBook ZuckerbergFakeNews Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Productivity/ E-mail/ Need Help Scheduling Meetings? Just Ask X.ai's Amy Need Help Scheduling Meetings? Just Ask X.ai's Amy By Tom Brant October 13, 2016 06:30pm EST 10 Comments The startup graduated Amy, its digital scheduling assistant, from beta this week. Forget Cortana. One AI personal assistant has been quietly scheduling meetings for more than two years, and is now poised to shed her beta status. Her name is Amy Ingram, and she is the brainchild of X.ai, a New York City startup that has trained her by scheduling hundreds of thousands of meetings and processing millions of scheduling-related emails since June 2014. Busy professionals can still take advantage advantage of X.ai's skills for free, by forwarding meeting requests to amy@x.ai. But now there's also a $39-per-month paid option, which removes the five meetings per month limit of the free version. A $59-per-month plan adds more invoicing options for large companies. Amy works by handling all of the time, date, and place negotiation for both parties who want to schedule a meeting. You CC her on an initial email and she then sends automatic messages until both parties agree, at which point she'll send a calendar invite. Handling everything over email means there's no app required, but she does have the potential to flood your inbox. //Related Articles Meet Scarlet, My New AI Assistant "I came up with the idea for x.ai after I went through the enormous pain of manually scheduling 1,019 meetings in 2012, of which ~670 had updates and or were rescheduled at least once," X.ai's founder Dennis Mortensen said in a statement. "Anybody who goes through that amount of pain will try to find a way to remove it." Microsoft and Google, too, hope professionals will use their artificial intelligence assistant to schedule meetings. In January, Microsoft beefed up the scheduling capabilities of its Windows 10 assistant, Cortana. She can now alert you to incoming meeting requests that may conflict with your schedule, though she won't negotiate for you. Like Cortana, Google's Assistant also knows your schedule. But its usefulness as a scheduling tool remains untested; the first mainstream products to use it, Google's Home speaker and Pixel smartphone, won't go on sale until later this year. Back to top Previous : Yahoo 'Temporarily' Disables Auto Email Forwarding Preview Outlook.com Premium for $20 Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Amazon Ordered to Refund Kids' In-App Purchases Amazon now requires a password for all in-app purchases. More » Microsoft Won't Offer Free Office Apps for Many Chrome OS Devices Chrome OS devices with screens larger than 10.1" will need an Office 365 subscription. More » Report: Spotify Fixes Hard Drive-Killing Desktop Glitch Some reported read and write rates of hundreds of gigabytes per hour, potentially shortening hard dr... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Everything Coming to Netflix in November What Is USB-C? An Explainer MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? How to Launch Windows Without Entering a Password 7 Games You'll Want to Buy in November »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused

