null
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Intel's Financial Stagnation Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) had some truly phenomenal years in 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the company rebounded nicely from the Great Recession, enjoying year-over-year revenue growth of 24%,  operating profit growth of 179%, and net income growth of 167%. In 2011, Intel pulled it off again, growing revenue by 24% year over year, all while enjoying robust operating income and net income growth to boot. Of that revenue growth, $3.6 billion came from the integration of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communication, so organic revenue growth was “just” 16%. Since then, though, Intel has suffered from a bad case of financial stagnation. Image source: Intel. Flat revenue and higher operating expenses mean lower profits In 2011, Intel’s full-year revenue came in at $54 billion. In 2012 and 2013, the figure dipped to $53.34 billion and $52.7 billion, respectively. Then, in 2014 and 2015, Intel managed to achieve revenue of $55.87 billion and $55.36 billion, respectively — just beating out its 2011 figure. In other words, Intel’s revenues stagnated during that time. A similar story applies to the company’s gross profit margin percentage. After hitting an astonishing 66% in 2010, this figure hit a high of 63.7% in 2014 and a low of 59.8% in 2013 — also largely range-bound. In contrast to the stagnant revenues and gross profit margin percentage, Intel’s operating expenses have shot straight up. In 2011, Intel’s operating expenses came in at an enormous $16.28 billion. Between then and 2015, that figure climbed to $20.67 billion. It’s no surprise, then, that 2011 represented a multiyear peak in the company’s operating income. How do things get better? Operating income is essentially a function of three variables: revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses. Earlier this year, we saw Intel announce a restructuring program designed to reduce operating expenses by $1.4 billion on an annual basis. However, even though the company said it expects to see $750 million in savings this year, the company’s research and development plus marketing, general, and administrative expenses were up from $14.82 billion in the first nine months of 2015 to $15.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016 (5.92% year-over-year). It’s not clear what kind of operating expense growth rate Intel is planning for over the next couple of years, but I don’t think investors can count on seeing Intel stop its spending growth. So, for Intel to start really boosting its financial performance, it’s going to need to do two things: Accelerate revenue growth. Improve its gross profit margin. If Intel can grow its revenue at a pace faster than it grows operating expenses, then that would bode well for the company’s overall profitability. That’s easier said than done, though, as more than half of the company’s revenue still depends on the declining personal computer market. Intel is going to need to continue to stabilize its personal-computer-related revenues while trying to tap new growth opportunities in other, healthier markets. Another way to help boost operating margin would be to grow its gross profit margin percentage. Gross profit margin is a function of the company’s cost of goods sold — how much it costs to manufacture, package, and distribute products — as well as of the selling prices of its products. Intel has said that its long-term gross profit margin percentage goal is between 55% and 65%. Over the past three quarters, on a non-GAAP basis, Intel’s gross profit margin percentage has been running near the high end of that range: Data source: Intel financial statements. The bad news is that there’s not a ton more room left for Intel’s gross margin to grow, assuming it maintains the 55%-65% target range. However, if Intel is able to sharpen its execution further and bring its annual gross profit margin percentages up just a point, it could translate into much-needed operating margin expansion. 10 stocks we like better than Intel When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Intel wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016 Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious T-Mobile Asks Regulators to Open Up More Licensed Spectrum Next PostNext Ahead of Model 3, Tesla Motors, Inc. Continues to Revamp Its Supercharger Program Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
The Year of SurpriseDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Demonetisation News Home » Consumer Last Modified: Tue, Dec 20 2016. 06 38 PM IST How Apple alienated Mac loyalists The Mac, Apple’s marquee computer, is getting far less attention than it once did inside the company, taking a back seat to other gadgets like the iPhone and iPad Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Mark Gurman A file photo of Apple’s Macbook Air. Photo: Reuters San Francisco: To die-hard fans, Apple Inc.’s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple’s marquee computer, hasn’t been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple’s inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company’s software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10% of Apple sales, the company can’t afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple’s revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: “This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines.” If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky—opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft Corp., once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft’s Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac’s audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a “disappointment” and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple’s annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company’s product arsenal. “Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple,” Schiller said. “We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need.” Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple’s Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac’s history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple’s innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips—a process that’s getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company’s attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro’s planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn’t represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac’s heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive’s team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive’s studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team’s leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there’s no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That’s part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75% of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone’s Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn’t look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now “asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable,” a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the US. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro’s glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple’s ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it’s cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the US. Still, Apple hasn’t given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. “We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that,” chief executive officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a “Touch Bar,” a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. Bloomberg Mark Gurman Topics: Apple MacBookMacintoshMac UpgradesiPhoneiPad More From Livemint READ MORE Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? First Published: Tue, Dec 20 2016. 06 31 PM IST Editor's Picks Narendra Modi: The man who would purify India Demonetisation takes toll on investment, manufacturing Can Budget 2017 provide a push for growth after demonetisation shock? Latest News Solar could beat coal to be the cheapest power on earth Sops only a sentimental boost; rally in cement stocks will soon fizzle Are lending rate cuts a desperate attempt to stoke the dying embers of credit offtake? How much has demonetisation affected the stock market? Opening bell: Asian markets open higher; SBI, Hero Moto, Hathway Cable in news Mint On Sunday The Asian hornet comes to Britain The maiden novels of Indian languages I swear by the stars in the sky, I’m not going to take any shit from anyone Vitas Gerulaitis served an ace of a punchline What the world’s top chefs like to eat at home Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Countdown to 2017 with HEXUS and ARM [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Laptop News 5 Samsung updates its slim and light Notebook 9 line by Mark Tyson on 20 December 2016, 10:01 Tags: Samsung (005935.KS) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcf7 Add to My Vault: Samsung has given notice that its Notebook 9 line of Windows 10 PCs have been updated. It claims to have refreshed the 13.3- and 15-inch FHD screened models with "the latest in Notebook technology in a sleek and light design". Standard features of these silver machines are that they are; "impossibly light," feature ultra-thin bezels, and have a durable and rigid construction. As you might expect from a notebook refresh timed such as this, the new Samsung Notebook 9 series pack Intel Kaby Lake processors. With the 13-inch model you have a choice between Core i5 or i7 chips but the 15-incher is ultra-premium all the way with Core i7 only. Both machines use Intel's integrated graphics for display acceleration. Premium displays The respective machines both have FHD IPS displays with colour fidelity quoted as sRGB 95 per cent Delta E<2.5. Outside mode boosts the screens' maximum brightness to 500nits, and for multimedia delights users can use Video HDR mode. The screens open up to a maximum of 180 degrees, folding flat. Beyond the obvious screen size differences and the impact that has on weight and dimensions, Samsung's pair of machines have much of the rest of the specs in common. Speedy PCIe NVMe SSD storage up to 256GB is standard. You can install up to 8GB of dual channel DDR4 RAM (16GB on the i7 machines). Neither of the machines have Ethernet but are wireless only 802.11 ac 2X2 plus Bluetooth 4.1. A 720p webcam is embedded in the screen bezel as is a Dual Array Digital Mic. For sound out both machines are fitted with 1.5W x2 stereo speakers. Other ports are as follows; 2XUSB 3.0, 1XUSB-C, HDMI, MicroSD, HP/Mic - but the 15-inch model has an additional USB 2.0 port. Windows Hello, fast charging, backlit keyboards… Samsung has equipped 1.5mm stroke, backlit, curved keycap keyboards as standard and whatever model you choose there's a finger print sensor (with support for Windows Hello). The 30Whr batteries these notebooks are equipped with are fast charging compatible and Samsung quotes a time of 80 mins for a full recharge or 2.1 hours of use from a 20 minute charge. Overall, either notebook should run for approx 7 hours on a charge. Spare batteries can be charged while out of the machine and Samsung notes that the supplied 45W power adaptors are "small". Compact and light Last but not least these refreshed Windows 10 notebooks offer excellent portability. The 13.3-inch model weighs only 816g, and measures 309.4 x 208 x 13.9mm. Samsung's 15-inch model isn't a lot heavier at 985g, and measures 347.9 x 229.4 x 14.9mm. Availability and pricing details are likely to be revealed at CES 2017, in a couple of weeks. Related Reading 9 Asus ROG readying a GTX 1080 laptop that’s less than 17mm thick The slim new GX501 sports a 15.6-inch 4K UHD screen with Nvidia G-Sync support. 3 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 planned for Q1 2017 says report Device will sport UltraHD display and be made by Pegatron Technology. 0 Lenovo announces Windows 10 Signature Kaby Lake laptops Nine new laptops join the ThinkPad T-Series, L-Series, X-Series, and Yoga-Series. Dell updates XPS 15 laptop with Kaby Lake CPU and Pascal GPU Samsung CH711 Quantum Dot curved monitor coming to CES MSI enters gaming monitor market with the Optix G27C Samsung Galaxy S8 front to be almost bezel-less says Bloomberg Gaming monitor market to get more competitive next year HEXUS Forums :: 5 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by mud_z - Tue 20 Dec 2016 15:32 Don't bother buying samsung's #### laptops.. They do not have sense to create an efficient laptop just know how to assemble things.. I have one of there NP550P5C-S05 Laptop. Apart from i7 3630qm and JBL speakers everything is #### i.e. Poor heat flow design, dead spots, very weak body material & hinge design, worst keyboard, #### after sales service, very very poor driver (update) support.. they just follow assemble, sell and forget trend. mud_z Posted by cflymo - Tue 20 Dec 2016 16:00 An excess of crapware as well no doubt. Wish I'd never advised my wife to buy one a couple of years back. Posted by OilSheikh - Tue 20 Dec 2016 19:15 I thought Samsung had stopped making laptops. What's this then ? Posted by jimbouk - Tue 20 Dec 2016 20:45 My first thought from the picture was ‘Chromebook’! Posted by chj - Wed 21 Dec 2016 10:57 Nice specs though aside from lack of ethernet port, probably not vital but would feel better having one. MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Intel Core i7-7700K overclocked to beyond 7GHz 9 2 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 3 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 4 Cryptic rumour points to air cooled AMD Ryzen hitting 5GHz 9 5 Taiwanese motherboard makers optimistic about AMD Ryzen 6 1 Windows 10 'game mode' settings uncovered in insider update 27 2 Day 13: Win an iiyama G-Master 4K monitor 19 3 Festive greetings from all at HEXUS 19 4 French print magazine publishes AMD Ryzen ES benchmarks 18 5 Day 16: Win a Zotac Zbox and Pimax VR 15 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 Aerocool Targets Gamers and RGB Enthusiasts at CES 2017 2 Samsung introduces the stylish, powerful and practical Galaxy A 3 Experience 10 Years of ZOTAC Design and Engineering Excellence at CES 2017 4 Thecus launches two new Windows Storage Server Rackmount NAS 5 PQI into Fingerprint ID Application Market 6 Samsung to Introduce New Quantum Dot Curved Monitor at CES 2017 INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,944 Forum posts: 2,563,248 Forum threads: 247,030 Currently active users: 299 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 1185 99 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Drones dazzle at Disney World in a new holiday show Christmas is in the air - literally - at Disney Springs this holiday season. Post to Facebook Drones dazzle at Disney World in a new holiday show Christmas is in the air - literally - at Disney Springs this holiday season.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2iaY1X7 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Drones dazzle at Disney World in a new holiday show Arthur Levine, Special for USA TODAY 7:46 a.m. EST December 20, 2016 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Check out this innovative holiday show at Disney Springs that involves 300 drones lighting up the sky, all synchronized to holiday music! USA TODAY NETWORK Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers,says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?" (Photo: Matt Stroshane, Disney) Drones are being used for military purposes along with aerial photography and video, and, by many accounts, will soon be used for shipping. There's another application for the lightweight, unmanned flying devices that you might not have considered: entertainment. It will probably be a few years before an Amazon drone delivers a Christmas list item to your door, but at Disney World the future for drone entertainment is now. On November 16, the resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel. Admission as well as parking is free at Disney Springs, and the show is complimentary for all guests. The best place to view Starbright Holidays is behind Bongos Cuban Café in the Westside neighborhood of the shopping, dining, and entertainment complex. The presentation begins with a few bars of "When You Wish Upon a Star" followed by the appearance of twinkling lights above you in the night sky. Holiday favorites such as "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "O Christmas Tree" play as the drones reform and light, a few at a time, into the unmistakable shape of a Christmas tree. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Starbright Holidays brings drones to Disney World  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. On November 16, the Disney World resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel.  Intel Corporation Fullscreen Incorporating a fleet of 300 drones, Starbright Holidays marks the first show of such scale in the USA. Intel's Shooting Star drones are made of Styrofoam and plastic and weigh a little more than half a pound. They are outfitted with LED lights that are capable of over 4 billion color combinations.  Intel Corporation Fullscreen The presentation begins with a few bars of "When You Wish Upon a Star" followed by the appearance of twinkling lights above you in the night sky.Holiday favorites such as "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "O Christmas Tree" play as the drones reform and light, a few at a time, into the unmistakable shape of a Christmas tree.  Matt Stroshane, Disney Fullscreen For Starbright Holidays' finale, the drones form a dove. With the music swelling, the sequence packs an emotional punch.  David Roark, Disney Fullscreen Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers,says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?"  Matt Stroshane, Disney Fullscreen The Starbright show is among a number of holiday offerings at the recently expanded Disney Springs.  Todd Anderson, Disney Fullscreen Holiday-themed entertainment, including a dance party, carolers, and snowflake stilt walkers, is available throughout the sprawling complex.  Kent Phillips, Disney Fullscreen A cute Christmas Tree Trail features over a dozen bedecked trees sporting themes such as Disney villains, "Beauty and the Beast," and (of course) "Frozen."  Todd Anderson, Disney Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 8 2 of 8 3 of 8 4 of 8 5 of 8 6 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 8 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Unlike nighttime shows that incorporate two-dimensional projections, drone-based objects can have a sense of depth. And unlike fireworks, the drones can maintain their luminosity and integrity. It is a bit startling to see the elegant Starbright Holidays Christmas tree take shape and slowly rotate some 400 feet in the air. "These drones are a new way of expression and of telling stories," says Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers. The Mouse's creative team has been exploring entertainment drone technology for a few years. It started a project called Flixels (floating pixels) and has been petitioning the FAA to ease its regulations so it could showcase drones at its resorts in the USA. In early November, the FAA granted Disney the necessary waivers. Incorporating a fleet of 300 drones, Starbright Holidays marks the first show of such scale in the USA. Intel's Shooting Star drones are made of Styrofoam and plastic and weigh a little more than half a pound. They are outfitted with LED lights that are capable of over 4 billion color combinations. The five-minute show is on the short side, but its duration is dictated by the limits of the drones' batteries. They have a capacity of 20 minutes, but need to make their way (at a maximum speed of about 22 mph) from and back to a staging area at the far end of Disney Springs. According to Anil Nanduri, vice president of Intel's New Technology Group, his company not only crafted the drones but also built the tools to automate their formation and flow and to create animations. "When we collaborated with Disney, we said that we have the technology that can unleash their creativity." For Starbright Holidays' finale, the drones form a dove. With the music swelling, the sequence packs an emotional punch. Disney's Ayala says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?" The Starbright show is among a number of holiday offerings at the recently expanded Disney Springs. For example, a cute Christmas Tree Trail features over a dozen bedecked trees sporting themes such as Disney villains, Beauty and the Beast, and (of course) Frozen. Holiday-themed entertainment, including a dance party, carolers, and snowflake stilt walkers, is available throughout the sprawling complex. It's fascinating to see an art form in its relative infancy and speculate where it may lead. For example, perhaps Disney and others will mix drones along with projections, lasers, pyrotechnics, and other media for even more spectacular nighttime spectaculars. Or maybe they could be used as aerial accompaniment in parades or other daytime shows. "Imagineering is where art and science come together," Ayala says. As drone science evolves, it will surely unleash more artistry.   1185 CONNECTTWEET 99 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iaY1X7 NEVER MISS OUT Travel Make your next trip unforgettable. Get travel tips, trends and inspiration to help you make the most of your travels, Monday-Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Travel NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets AMD's next-gen Ryzen benched against 7700K and 6900K AMD's next-gen Ryzen CPU benchmarked against Intel's latest Core i7-7700K processor By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Dec 19, 2016 11:27 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD teased their next-generation CPU architecture not too long ago at their annual AMD Tech Summit 2016 event in Sonoma, California - benchmarking the new 8-core/16-thread version of the Summit Ridge platform, better known as Ryzen.     Now we have some new benchmarks that have been leaked, with Cinebench R15 results that pit Ryzen against Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K processor.     AMD's new Ryzen CPU clocked at 3.4GHz (it will be faster than this when it launches) against the Core i7-7700K, with Ryzen coming out on top - but a fair margin, too. This is to be expected however, as the 7700K is a 4-core/8-thread CPU against the 8-core/16-thread Ryzen CPU.   Cinebench R15 results:   AMD Ryzen - 1188 Core i7-7700K - 966 Core i7-7700K @ 5GHz - 1083 Core i7-6900K - 1500 Core i7-6950X - 1800   Next up we have some Fritz Chess benchmark results, with Ryzen hitting 36.86 points and 17,693 Kilo Nodes per second. Comparing this to the Core i7-7700K which scores 35.52 points and 17,049 - the Core i7-6900K which scores 22,500 and the Core i7-6950X with 24,000+ points.     AMD has a while to go yet before it can slam those CPUs - but remember, Ryzen is clocked at just 3.4GHz for now... things will change when we pass 4GHz, and 4.5GHz, and so on.   Fritz Chess Relative Score:   AMD Ryzen - 36.86 Core i7-7700K - 35.52 Core i7-7700K @ 5GHz - 41.44 Core i7-6900K - 47.80 Core i7-6950X - 51.50     What Does It All Mean?!   AMD doesn't need to market their highest-end Ryzen CPU against Intel's enthusiast range of processors that cost $1000 - unless it can reach $1000+ of equivalent Intel performance. But, comparing it against the more mainstream Core i7-7700K and pricing it in the same bracket, will crush Intel in a big way.     Right now, Ryzen is being held back at 3.4GHz - so it will be an interesting next few months as AMD continues to tune and refine Ryzen before its launch in March 2017. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You AMD's new Ryzen CPU could hit 5GHz, even when air-... AMD's Zen CPU is killing Intel on Google searches Intel to unveil Skylake-X, Kaby Lake-X at Gamescom... Intel's new Core i3 hits 4.2GHz, beats last-gen Core... >> NEXT STORY: Resident Evil 7 'borderline photorealistic' on PS4 Pro << PREVIOUS STORY: Facebook rolls out Group Video Chat in Messenger Related Tags AMD Intel Ryzen AMD Ryzen AMD Ryzen benchmark Core i7-7700K 7700K Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business Giving Intel's largest customers the tools to roll their own chips could be disruptive. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 20, 2016 at 10:43AM For years, investors and analysts have wondered about the potential impact of ARM-based servers on Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) dominance of the server microprocessor market. ARM itself recently predicted that, by 2020, its partners would be able to capture roughly 25% of the total server processor market -- up from approximately 0% of the market in 2016. Even though ARM-based servers don't appear to have gained much steam over the past several years, it's very important that Intel not assume it has nothing to worry about.  Indeed, even if Intel can outpace its fellow merchant processor suppliers -- Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM) and Cavium (NASDAQ: CAVM) seem to be emerging as the front-runners in the merchant ARM server processor market -- there's still another threat that Intel needs to deal with: in-house chips produced by Intel's major customers. Image source: Intel.  The true threat of ARM ARM does not design and sell complete chip designs. What it does is produce key intellectual properties that licensees can draw upon to put together chips that are then built by third-party contract manufacturers such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. Ltd. (NYSE: TSM). These intellectual properties include instruction set architectures, processor cores, interconnect technologies, physical IP, and other key ingredients required to build competent chips. What this allows Intel's current customers to do is to license the technologies that they don't want to build themselves, build differentiating technologies in-house without needing to reinvent the wheel, and then integrate all of that into a chip customized to that customer's exact needs. Of course, building server-grade processors is no trivial task, but if ARM is able to do a lot of the heavy lifting, doing so could go from "too hard" to "feasible." Indeed, it's important to remember that some of Intel's top cloud server customers, such as Facebook (NASDAQ: FB), Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), are much larger than Intel and have the deep pockets required to get it done -- if it makes sense for them to do so. How Intel can respond The bad news is that Intel's biggest customers probably have the wherewithal to invest in building their own chips if there is a long-term total cost of ownership (TCO) benefit to doing so. The good news is that it's probably only Intel's biggest customers with the necessary scale to justify custom chips; it'd be very hard for smaller customers to make the economic case for building their own chips. Even if they tried to do so anyway, their odds of success may be much lower than it would be for one of the larger companies. For Intel to minimize the threat of having major cloud service providers build their own chips, Intel needs to deliver products with lower TCOs than what those cloud-service providers could build themselves. That means having the most power-efficient processor and chip architectures, the most power-efficient chip manufacturing technologies, and the ability to build processors to meet its large customers' exact needs. More specifically, Intel needs to build better server-grade CPU cores and related intellectual properties than ARM can; create better manufacturing technologies in terms of performance, power, and area than what TSMC, the leading contract chip manufacturer, can; and foster a robust product development methodology that allows Intel to rapidly design custom chips that stitch together Intel's in-house technologies and potentially third-party technologies. Intel's continued increases in research and development spending related to its data center group suggest that the company is investing heavily to be able to achieve all that I've outlined here. We'll see over the next five years just how effective Intel will be at keeping its large customers from wanting to roll their own chips. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, FB, and QCOM. The Motley Fool owns shares of MSFT. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 20, 2016 at 10:43AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business #stocks $INTC
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. The Three Hallmarks of a Great Channel Program More from Lenovo Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next ​Vodafone NZ seals multi-million dollar mobile deal with healthAlliance New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise honoured its top performing Kiwi partners at the second running of its HPE Partner Awards in New Zealand, held at a glitzy ceremony in Auckland. Recognising excellence across eight categories - from distributors to resellers - the tech giant celebrated its first year as a standalone company, following its official split from HP in 2015. ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Related Whitepapers How to Sell Disaster Recovery How to Plan For Disaster Recovery D-Link Case Study: TAFE Improves Security with a Powerful HD Surveillance Solution Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Channel chomping at the bit as Internet of Things investment rises   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Why the channel must get to know the Chief Data Officer View all events Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Popping the top on Core i7-7700Ks could lead to big load temp decreases by Zak Killian  9:00 AM on December 20, 2016 It seems Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake processors will continue the tradition of using thermal compound rather than solder or liquid metal under the integrated heatspreader. Over at the Anandtech forums, users "Chrisch" and "RichUK" have popped the tops on purported samples of Intel's Core i7-7700K processors to apply aftermarket thermal compound with great success. Chrisch achieved 5 GHz with his popped chip, while RichUK got 5.3 GHz out of his. That's a pretty nice step up from the chip's rumored 4.2 GHz base and 4.5 GHz Turbo speeds. After delidding their CPUs, both RichUK and Chrisch saw drops in max core temperature on the order of 25° C, too. RichUK says that after a pass of Intel Burn Test at 5.1 GHz with a 1.376V core voltage, his core temperature never exceeded 72° C.  Forum user Chrisch's delidded Core i7-7700K Previous reports of overclocking the Core i7-7700K—a CPU that has still not actually been released—were a little underwhelming. Most sites that have gotten their hands on samples have come back with relatively meager results and scorching temperatures. Tom's Hardware hit a wall at 4.8 GHz, while Bit-tech.net got a better sample and managed to hit 5.1 GHz. Bit-tech's testers reported that the CPU core was edging past 90° C at full tilt. As it happens, the 7700K may be subject to the same air-gap lottery that some enthusiasts have observed in Intel's unsoldered desktop processors since Ivy Bridge. On the older chips, those folks have found that temperatures can vary wildly from one CPU to the next because of variances in heat transfer between the CPU die and the heatspreader. These variances are caused during assembly. Some speculate that during Intel's final packaging step, it's possible to end up with too much of the glue that holds the heatspreader to the CPU package during final assembly. When that material expands, it can push the heatspreader ever so slightly up off the CPU die. This makes an air gap, and that means less-effective thermal transfer between the CPU die and the heatspreader. Your newswriter here delidded his Core i7-4790K a while back and saw only a 15° C reduction in peak load temperatures, but the rumored Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K is a more thermally-dense chip, and it may not benefit from the purportedly-upgraded thermal compound of the Devil's Canyon CPUs. Of course, delidding is dangerous stuff without the proper tools. Overclocking like this also takes some high-powered cooling hardware. RichUK is using an NZXT Kraken X62 280-mm all-in-one liquid cooler. For folks looking to get the most out of Intel's rumored i7-7700Ks, extreme measures like these may be necessary. Tags: CPUs Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu... This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 21 December, 2016 03:11 0 - - - - print email If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Gadgets & Things Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Family Friendly VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 2 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review 3 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 4 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter 5 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode Latest News Articles ​A changing climate creates opportunities for IT Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 New AMD Radeon website counts down to Vega graphics card architecture preview Jack Dorsey asks users how to improve Twitter Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Connected Toys Can Breach Security The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 TV of the year award 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTSystems Engineer - SMB Managed ServicesNSW CCSenior Business AnalystNSW TPJava DeveloperSA CCWebMethod DeveloperSA FTAccount Delivery LeadNSW TPNetwork Security OfficerVIC TPDynamics CRM Technical Delivery ManagerVIC FTSenior .Net DeveloperVIC FTSenior Linux Systems AdministratorNSW CCNetwork EngineerVIC FTTest AnalystVIC CCSenior Business AnalystNSW FTChief Security Officer l CISSP l ISO27001NSW FTTechnical Consultant MS Dynamics AXVIC CCSenior Murex DeveloperVIC CCSenior Application Specialist (Cerner)Other FTSAP BW ConsultantACT FTNetIQ Development & SupportNSW CCBenefits ManagerNSW CCUAT TesterQLD CCWebMethod DeveloperVIC FTLevel 2 Service Desk AnalystQLD FTMobile DeveloperNSW CCDB2 Database AdministratorACT CCSAP Test ConsuntantWA Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point computerworld.com.au Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? arnnet.com.au Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Home Contact Us Editorial & Research Privacy Policy Terms Home Business Technology Markets Internet Earnings About Editorial & Research Contact Us Advertising Locations Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) shipping new single-board Joule 550x Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) is now shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of Raspberry Pi. The board was announced in August but didn’t ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. On last trading day, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded 18.69 Million shares and was closed at $36.89 per share. Company stock is -3.10% away from its one year high and is moving 36.47% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as 5.34% while its performance in last one week is 2.56%. INTC quarterly performance is 0.08% while firm’s price to sale ratio is 3.06 and price to book ratio is 2.77. Analyst’s Analysis on Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Number of analysts are eying on this stock and after detailed observation, they have given the stock mean target price of $39.82 while their mean recommendation is 2.20 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 2.10 on scale of 1-5. MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MSFG) announced that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire all of the common stock of FCB Bancorp, Inc. (“FCB”) in a cash and stock transaction valued at approximately $56.9 million. MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MSFG) shares moved to $32.62 on Monday. The weekly volatility of MSFG is 2.87% and monthly volatility is 2.89%. Its weekly performance is 0.40% while year to date (YTD) performance is 46.23%. What Analysts Say About MainSource Financial Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:MSFG) Stock has got outperform rating from 2 analysts of Thomson Reuters whereas 1 analyst given hold rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for the firm is $29.13 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.00. On last trading day, Harmony Gold Mining Co. (ADR) (NYSE:HMY) traded 6.15 Million shares and was closed at $1.95 per share. Company stock is -59.53% away from its one year high and is moving 159.30% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as -22.00% while its performance in last one week is -5.34%. HMY quarterly performance is -42.14% while firm’s price to sale ratio is 0.86 and price to book ratio is 0.42. Analyst’s Analysis on Harmony Gold Mining Co. (ADR) (NYSE:HMY) Number of analysts are eying on this stock, and after detailed observation, they have given the stock mean target price of $3.70 while their mean recommendation is 2.70 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters Analysts is Hold for HMY and their mean rating for the stock is 2.67 on scale of 1-5. KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) shares moved to $18.17 after starting the day at $18.06 on Monday. The weekly volatility of KEY is 2.87% and monthly volatility is 2.20%. Firm weekly performance is -0.16% while year to date (YTD) performance is 41.36%. Company net profit margin stands at 26.10%. This year company’s Earnings per Share (EPS) growth is 1.20% and next year’s estimated EPS growth is 18.17%. What Analysts Say About KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY) Stock has got outperform rating from 9 analysts of Thomson Reuters whereas 11 analysts given hold rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for KEY is $17.44 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.30. About James Conlon View all posts by James Conlon → Active Watch List: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE:VRX), UQM Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:UQM), KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY), Kinder Morgan, Inc. (NYSE:KMI) January 2, 2017 Brodsky & Smith, LLC declares investigation of directors of Harman International Industries, Incorporated (NYSE:HAR) January 2, 2017 Trader’s Watch List: Neothetics, Inc. (NASDAQ:NEOT), 3M Company (NYSE:MMM), KeyCorp (NYSE:KEY), ICICI Bank Limited (NYSE:IBN) January 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments Analyst’s Views: STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE... January 2, 2017 Top Morning News: Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ... January 2, 2017 Active Watch List: Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl In... January 2, 2017 Trader’s Watch List: Neothetics, Inc. (NASDA... January 2, 2017 Brodsky & Smith, LLC declares investigation of... January 2, 2017 Considerable Analyst’s Ratings: PayPal Holdings, I... January 2, 2017 Top Morning News: Groupon, Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN), The... November 27, 2016 1 Toyota Motor Corporation (NYSE:TM) chief shifts ge... December 1, 2016 1 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD)’s board approved changes to ... December 29, 2016 1 Afterhours Decliners: Urban Outfitters Inc. (NASDA... November 23, 2016 Analyst’s Views: STMicroelectronics NV (NYSE... January 2, 2017 Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) accused of authoring cens... November 23, 2016 James McRitchie Victory at DDD for wife's proxy access proposal. December 29, 2016 RobSez My question is, are consumers going to be eager t... December 2, 2016 Bobi The consumer demand for automotive innovation wil... December 1, 2016 William Research released on Saturday by Adobe Digital In... November 27, 2016 Terri Delfino I believe you meant to attribute this article to ... November 21, 2016 Benito Gonzalez Hogwash. AVXS is a worthless stock. Read the re... November 21, 2016 ©2016 Benchmark Monitor
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Leader Computers and Ubiquiti partner to bring real wireless innovation to the Australian channel More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Google sued by employee for confidentiality policies that 'muzzle' staff ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair ... Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Aavara Pro Series Monitor Stands Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Hemisphere Technologies - A next-generation approach to distribution   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the Australian channel in 2016 ​2016: The year that was for Aussie end-users 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMIDGIntelLinuxNewsRaspberry PiUbuntu Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. The Nervous, the Vigilant and the Battle-Scarred - IT Security Personas Revealed The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW IT Field Engineer NSW Senior iOS Developer NSW Senior .Net Developer VIC Project Manager-Workforce Management NSW Program Support Officer NSW Project Manager NSW WebMethod Developer QLD Benefits Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Google "Poppy" Kabylake Board Added To Coreboot Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 20 December 2016 at 12:20 PM EST. Add A Comment While Chromebook / ChromeOS fans have been looking forward to the Kabylake-based "Eve" device, it looks like another device is possibly forthcoming making use of these latest-generation Intel CPUs. A new board for "Poppy" was added yesterday to Coreboot Git. This Google Poppy board is indeed making use of an Intel Kabylake processor. Details on Google Poppy are scarce from Google searches so there isn't much more beyond this commit. It's a Kabylake board, uses the FSP 2.0 package, etc. Though the board information marks it as the "Poppy Kabylake Reference Board", so there are chances it may just be a developer reference board for Intel Kabylake CPUs as opposed to a new Chromebook/Chromebox making it to market, but we should find out in 2017 when more Kabylake designs are hitting the market. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News 100% Of The 289 Coreboot Images Are Now Built Reproducible Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Computerworld New Zealand This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule now supports Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 21 December, 2016 03:11 - - - - print email Comments If you want a PC with Ubuntu Linux, you can turn to Intel's Joule single-board computer instead of buying an expensive machine. Support for Ubuntu 16.04 desktop OS has been added to the Joule board, according to developer notes for Intel IoT Developer Kit 5.0 released late last week. Intel has two Joule boards: the 570x, which sells for $219 on Mouser, and the 550x, which is priced at $179 on the same retail site. The 550x, which started shipping recently, was priced at $349 until Monday, but was cut in half after a story by the IDG News Service pointed out the unusually high price. The Joule boards are like Raspberry Pi 3, with all major components crammed on a circuit board. But Joule is tricked out with recently released components, memory and storage, making it the fastest board computer in its class. The Joule boards have the latest Atom processors based on the Broxton architecture, GPUs capable of 4K video capture, 802.11ac Wi-Fi, LPDDR4 memory, USB 3.0 ports and internal storage up to 8GB. Raspberry Pi 3 has an ARM processor, no internal storage, USB 2.0, 1080p graphics processor and slower memory and Wi-Fi. Intel designed the Joule board for the development of robots, drones and smart devices requiring heavy processing power. But like Raspberry Pi 3, which is also being used as a PC, the Joule is powerful enough to be a low-end PC or server. Cloud Flexibility Freeing New Zealand Businesses From the Tyranny of Distance More from Interactive Intelligence Join the Computerworld New Zealand newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about ARMIDGIntelLinuxNewsRaspberry PiUbuntu Editor's Recommendations Taxpayers Union says Motu study shows UFB a waste of money New Zealand to chair digital nation group and host leaders’ summit Nokia upgrades Spark’s fibre network to 200Gbps per wavelength Hawaiki misses out: Fiji to be hooked into Southern Cross NZ Post opts for Unit4 ERP to aid digital transformation Microsoft backs computer education for schools with $343k grant Read more Veeam Resources Centre Related Whitepapers On the Radar: FinalCode addresses persistent file security challenges for the enterprise Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Hawaiki misses out: Fiji to be hooked into Southern Cross Arago teaches an AI to play games, the better to manage IT ... Defence spends $11m on battle management system for Network Enabled Army In pictures: The 2016 Hi-Tech Awards 'The Oscars of NZ's ICT industry' IN PICTURES: Kiwi student innovators unite as Microsoft Imagine Cup 2016 hits ... Arago teaches an AI to play games, the better to manage IT systems Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Reseller News []
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News World Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions The Americas Canada calls for release for kidnapped couple in Afghanistan Published December 19, 2016 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print FILE - This undated militant file image from video posted online in August 2016, which has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, provided by SITE Intel Group, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Officials in Canada are calling for the unconditional release of Boyle and his wife following the release of another video on Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, that appears to show them begging for their governments to intervene with their Afghan captors on their behalf. (SITE Intel Group via AP, File)  (The Associated Press) TORONTO –  Canada called Monday for the unconditional release of a Canadian man and his American wife after a new video appeared to show them begging their governments to intervene on their behalf with their Afghan captors. The video, which was uploaded to YouTube on Monday and has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Coleman refers to "the Kafkaesque nightmare in which we find ourselves" and urges "governments on both sides" to reach a deal for their freedom. She then adds: "My children have seen their mother defiled." Two young children appear in the video with them, and Coleman has told her family that she gave birth to two children in captivity. Canadian Global Affairs spokesman Michael O'Shaughnessy said his government was aware of the latest video. "We are deeply concerned for the safety and well-being of Joshua Boyle, Caitlan Coleman and their young children and call for their unconditional release," O'Shaughnessy added. The State Department said it was reviewing the footage. The video came to public attention through the Site Intelligence Group, which monitors extremist activity online. SITE said it was dated Dec. 3, though the AP could not verify the date of the recording. The two vanished after setting off in the summer of 2012 for a journey that took them to Russia, the central Asian countries of Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, and then to Afghanistan. Her parents, Jim and Lyn Coleman, last heard from their son-in-law on Oct. 8, 2012, from an internet cafe in what Josh described as an "unsafe" part of Afghanistan. In 2013, the couple appeared in two videos asking the U.S. government to free them from the Taliban. The Colemans received a letter last November in which their daughter said she had given birth to a second child in captivity. In July, Jim Coleman, speaking to the online news service Circa News, issued a plea to top Taliban commanders to be "kind and merciful" and let the couple go. A video released in August showed Coleman and Boyle warning that their captors would kill them and their children unless the government in Kabul ends its execution of Taliban prisoners. Advertisement Trending in World 1 Israeli police question Netanyahu for alleged corruption 2 Mexicans block roads, stations to protest gasoline hikes 3 Titanic doomed by ice -- and fire? 4 Turkish authorities close to identifying Istanbul gunman 5 Skier Jean Vuarnet, who struck gold with tuck position, dies Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. How Apple Alienated Mac Loyalists Bloomberg 20/12/2016 Mark Gurman © Getty Images A file photo of the new MacBook Pro computer during a product launch event at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California on October 27, 2016. (Bloomberg) -- To die-hard fans, Apple Inc.'s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favorable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky—opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad.   People now have more options. Microsoft Corp., once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops.   An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets.  Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and center in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips—a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life.  In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen.  In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritized the iPhone, Apple re-organized its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power.  That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritizes features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the color didn’t look good on such a large product.  In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said.  When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads.  In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though.  The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome beveled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S.  Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News.  The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. To contact the author of this story: Mark Gurman in San Francisco at mgurman1@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: Robin Ajello at rajello@bloomberg.net. ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home More in News 'Bivvy bag saved their lives':Couple lost in Cairngorms found safe The Guardian Man's drunken antics on Glasgow flight lands him in court Daily Record Cannabis ingredient to be classed as medicine Mirror Kate recieves 'ultimate recognition' for her skills The Telegraph Brit couple found hanged and blindfolded in Cambodia flat Mirror M62: Man killed in police shooting The Telegraph Up Next IS claims responsibility for Turkey attacks as manhunt intensifies Sky News Trump says North Korea won't be able to hit US with nuclear missile The Independent Orkney explores independence after Brexit The Telegraph More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter

Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Car Tech Opinion Cars as client devices By Bob O'Donnell on Dec 20, 2016, 11:00 AM TechSpot It’s no secret that an enormous amount of advanced tech hardware is making its way into today’s automobiles. Whether it’s for assisted or autonomous driving features, advanced infotainment systems or simple safety enhancements, modern cars are getting a big injection of cool new hardware. Software, on the other hand, has been a bit more muted. Oh sure, there’s the user interface (UI) on the ever-expanding main entertainment and navigation display, but the truth is there are a lot more software efforts going on beneath the hood (literally in this case). In fact, at the upcoming CES show in Las Vegas, I expect to see several announcements related to car-based software and services that turn your automobile into a nearly full-fledged client computing device. Traditionally, auto-based services were called telematics, but early versions were limited to basic functions such as what’s been found in GM’s OnStar: a separate telephony service for roadside assistance and beaming back car diagnostic data to the auto company’s headquarters. Today, there’s an enormous range of different software built into cars, from middleware, RTOS (real-time operating systems—such as Blackberry’s QNX or Intel’s Wind River), to artificial intelligence-based inference engines, and beyond. In fact, there can be over 10 million lines of code in a modern luxury car, working across all the car’s various computing elements, from 150+ ECUs (engine control units—each of which typically runs a particular auto subsystem, such as heating and air conditioning, in addition to portions of the engine, etc.), to more traditional CPUs and GPUs from the likes of nVidia, Intel, Qualcomm and others. While much of that software will never be seen or directly interacted with by individuals—it’s part of a car’s overall controls—more and more of it is starting to surface through the car’s driver and passenger-focused displays. Many assisted or autonomous driving systems, for example, do provide some visual cues or messages about what they’re doing, though most of their work happens in the background automatically. In the case of entertainment interfaces, of course, we’ve started to see the implementation of Apple’s CarPlay and Google’s Android Auto. In neither case, however, do Apple and Google provide the entire user interface for the vehicle for two key reasons. First, carmakers are very reluctant to give up the entire user experience to an outside brand. They want and need to “own” the relationship with their customer by making sure it’s a GM experience or a Ford experience or a Porsche experience, etc. Second, neither Apple nor Google have access to the vast majority of software running on the automobile because of the hardened walls between subsystems. As a result, they can only interact with a tiny fraction of the software running in a vehicle. (Waymo, the recent autonomous car spinout from Google, and Apple’s rumored Titan car project, are likely working on many pieces of this more invisible software, among other things, FYI.) In the near term, however, the next set of auto-related software developments are likely to be extensions and additions to popular software and services that get more fully integrated into cars and turn them into first-class client devices. Now that PC and mobile phone-like hardware is being embedded into cars, along with cellular connectivity and larger, high-resolution displays, it just makes sense to do so. The next set of auto-related software developments are likely to be extensions and additions to popular software and services that get more fully integrated into cars and turn them into first-class client devices. At a basic level, think about entertainment services like Spotify, Netflix and others coming natively to cars, or imagine tighter integration with good ‘ol PIM (Personal Information Management) software, such as contacts, calendars, etc. Incorporating things like meeting updates, conference call dial-in information, and other elements directly into your car instead of via a smartphone app could prove to be very beneficial. Not only would it improve the convenience and integration of using them in your car, it could have a dramatically positive impact on safety. In addition, if texting and other forms of messaging are directly integrated into car displays, for example (and more importantly, can therefore be automatically disabled based on the car’s speed), that could do more to save lives than any autonomous driving system. Note that because many of these capabilities will be delivered as services, the car doesn’t need to be running a full mobile OS and the apps won’t have be to delivered in a native OS format. An HTML5-capable browser is likely all that’s necessary, making it easier for car vendors and Tier 1 OEMs to incorporate these software features into their designs, as well as increasing the useful lifetime of the car’s technology. Looking forward, it’s clear that we’re still at the very early stages of bringing significantly more intelligence and capabilities into our cars. Progress is being made, but when you start thinking more deeply about the potential, the full promise of smart cars is yet to come. Bob O’Donnell is the founder and chief analyst of TECHnalysis Research, LLC a technology consulting and market research firm. You can follow him on Twitter @bobodtech. This article was originally published on Tech.pinions. Related Reads The hottest computing device? Cars Cars of the future may be able to communicate with each other to avoid accidents Germany to require 'black box' in autonomous cars 5 comments 52 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Wireless charging may be a better fit for the automotive industry Faraday Future's mystery ride lines up for a race against a Ferrari, Tesla and Bentley in new teaser China's "straddling bus" lies abandoned in the middle of the road Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review 19 comments Evidence of Russian malware found on Vermont utility computer Pioneer the next gaming hit with 26 hours of Unity3D training 26 comments Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out Load Comments 5 ... User Comments: 5 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 30 Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" 11 Game of Thrones (not The Grand Tour) was the most torrented TV show of 2016 27 Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out 13 French 'right to disconnect' law goes into effect 8 Which case would you put the 32 thread monster in? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Financial Stagnation Intel's operating margins have come down quite a bit since 2011, as revenues have stagnated but operating expenses have surged. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) had some truly phenomenal years in 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the company rebounded nicely from the Great Recession, enjoying year-over-year revenue growth of 24%,  operating profit growth of 179%, and net income growth of 167%. In 2011, Intel pulled it off again, growing revenue by 24% year over year, all while enjoying robust operating income and net income growth to boot. Of that revenue growth, $3.6 billion came from the integration of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communication, so organic revenue growth was "just" 16%. Since then, though, Intel has suffered from a bad case of financial stagnation. Image source: Intel.  Flat revenue and higher operating expenses mean lower profits In 2011, Intel's full-year revenue came in at $54 billion. In 2012 and 2013, the figure dipped to $53.34 billion and $52.7 billion, respectively. Then, in 2014 and 2015, Intel managed to achieve revenue of $55.87 billion and $55.36 billion, respectively -- just beating out its 2011 figure. In other words, Intel's revenues stagnated during that time. A similar story applies to the company's gross profit margin percentage. After hitting an astonishing 66% in 2010, this figure hit a high of 63.7% in 2014 and a low of 59.8% in 2013 -- also largely range-bound. In contrast to the stagnant revenues and gross profit margin percentage, Intel's operating expenses have shot straight up. In 2011, Intel's operating expenses came in at an enormous $16.28 billion. Between then and 2015, that figure climbed to $20.67 billion. It's no surprise, then, that 2011 represented a multiyear peak in the company's operating income. How do things get better? Operating income is essentially a function of three variables: revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses. Earlier this year, we saw Intel announce a restructuring program designed to reduce operating expenses by $1.4 billion on an annual basis. However, even though the company said it expects to see $750 million in savings this year, the company's research and development plus marketing, general, and administrative expenses were up from $14.82 billion in the first nine months of 2015 to $15.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016 (5.92% year-over-year). It's not clear what kind of operating expense growth rate Intel is planning for over the next couple of years, but I don't think investors can count on seeing Intel stop its spending growth. So, for Intel to start really boosting its financial performance, it's going to need to do two things: Accelerate revenue growth. Improve its gross profit margin. If Intel can grow its revenue at a pace faster than it grows operating expenses, then that would bode well for the company's overall profitability. That's easier said than done, though, as more than half of the company's revenue still depends on the declining personal computer market. Intel is going to need to continue to stabilize its personal-computer-related revenues while trying to tap new growth opportunities in other, healthier markets.  Another way to help boost operating margin would be to grow its gross profit margin percentage. Gross profit margin is a function of the company's cost of goods sold -- how much it costs to manufacture, package, and distribute products -- as well as of the selling prices of its products. Intel has said that its long-term gross profit margin percentage goal is between 55% and 65%. Over the past three quarters, on a non-GAAP basis, Intel's gross profit margin percentage has been running near the high end of that range: Data source: Intel financial statements. The bad news is that there's not a ton more room left for Intel's gross margin to grow, assuming it maintains the 55%-65% target range. However, if Intel is able to sharpen its execution further and bring its annual gross profit margin percentages up just a point, it could translate into much-needed operating margin expansion. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Financial Stagnation #stocks $INTC
null
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:48pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Mark Gurman: How Apple alienated Mac loyalists By Mark Gurman 11:09 AM Wednesday Dec 21, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Computers Gadgets ICT News Opinion Software Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky-opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. Continued below. Related Content Apple AirPods review: worth the wait From Galaxy Note 7 to Apple iPhone 7, here are the five biggest tech blunders that occurred this year Video Watch: Apple release new Macbook Pro Apple's latest MacBook Pro. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips-a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the first overhaul of the MacBook Pro. Photo / Washington Post In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritises features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminium that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold colour option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. A sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. Photo / AP In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome bevelled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touch screen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant track pad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. - Bloomberg By Mark Gurman Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Scholarships will broaden students' horizons Two tertiary students hailing from the Hawke's Bay region have been granted Prime Minister's… Bay of Plenty Times Port of Tauranga Half attracts top fields The third edition of the Mount Festival of Multisport is set to captivate the huge post-New… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 03 Jan 2017 15:51:26 Processing Time: 98ms
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:48pm Tue 3 January Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Mark Gurman: How Apple alienated Mac loyalists By Mark Gurman 11:09 AM Wednesday Dec 21, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Apple Inc Computers Gadgets ICT News Opinion Software Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple's marquee computer, hasn't been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple's inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company's software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10 percent of Apple sales, the company can't afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple's revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: "This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines." If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky-opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft's Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac's audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a "disappointment" and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. Continued below. Related Content Apple AirPods review: worth the wait From Galaxy Note 7 to Apple iPhone 7, here are the five biggest tech blunders that occurred this year Video Watch: Apple release new Macbook Pro Apple's latest MacBook Pro. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. Four years ago at Apple's annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company's product arsenal. "Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple," Schiller said. "We're really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need." Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple's Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac's history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel Corp., which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple's innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips-a process that's getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company's attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro's planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn't represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. Apple senior vice president of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller speaks about the first overhaul of the MacBook Pro. Photo / Washington Post In the Mac's heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive's team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive's studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team's leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That's part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritises features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75 percent of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone's Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn't look good on such a large product. In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now "asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable," a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminium that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold colour option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. A sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there's no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. Photo / AP In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh lineup. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the U.S. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro's glossy exterior and chrome bevelled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple's ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it's cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the U.S. Still, Apple hasn't given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. "We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that," Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a "Touch Bar," a thin touch screen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant track pad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn't hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017 though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new Advanced Micro Devices Inc. graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage. - Bloomberg By Mark Gurman Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two die walking on Northland roads The man who died while walking home from a New Year's eve party at Kerikeri has been… Hawke's Bay Today Scholarships will broaden students' horizons Two tertiary students hailing from the Hawke's Bay region have been granted Prime Minister's… Bay of Plenty Times Port of Tauranga Half attracts top fields The third edition of the Mount Festival of Multisport is set to captivate the huge post-New… Our Features' Top Stories Driven R35 GT-R pilot eyes D1NZ title as round two approaches Former national drifting champion in search of second title with new machine... Viva New year, new you! Tips for starting 2017 right Dr Libby Weaver, Kirsty Godso, Art Green and more share their easy wellbeing tips for… True Commercial Immigration boosts commercial property demand The commercial property market continues its strong performance More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 03 Jan 2017 15:51:26 Processing Time: 98ms
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Data Center Business Is Booming The non-processor portion of Intel's data center group is expected to grow at a speedy rate. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 20, 2016 at 6:20PM Much of the revenue that microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) enjoys from its data center group (DCG) comes from the sale of central processing units (CPUs). However, at its investor meeting back in late 2015, Intel DCG chief Diane Bryant said that the of the 15% compounded annual revenue growth (CAGR) that the company expected to see from DCG between 2015 and 2019, 3% of that growth rate would come from non-CPU products. Intel DCG chief Diane Bryant holding a silicon photonics module, one of the products that Intel is banking on for growth outside of CPUs. Image source: Intel.  Put another way, since Intel expected its CPU business within DCG to grow at a 12% CAGR through 2019, the growth rate of its non-CPU business would have to be substantially higher to bring the business unit CAGR to 15% (since the non-CPU part of the business was, in 2015, dramatically smaller than its CPU business). Let's look at how the non-CPU business within Intel's DCG trended throughout 2016 and what drivers are expected to continue to fuel its growth in the years ahead. Outpacing CPUs in 2016 Over the last three quarters, the non-CPU business within DCG saw revenue growth of 17.8% over the first three quarters of 2015, hitting $979 million (up from $831 million). The revenue growth that Intel saw from "platforms" (essentially CPUs and their related chipsets) in DCG over that time was just 6.89% -- less than half the growth rate of the non-CPU business. The total year-to-date revenue growth rate in this business for Intel has been around 7.67%, so the non-CPU business contributed to just under one percentage point of the total growth rate. Ramping up across 2016; implied 42.6% growth rate through 2019 The year-over-year growth in DCG's non-CPU revenues has accelerated throughout 2016. In the first quarter the growth rate was just 7.25%. It accelerated to 10.75% during the second quarter, and then skyrocketed to 33.57% during the third quarter of 2016. The company's fourth-quarter results aren't in yet (they'll be available in late January), but I wouldn't be surprised if the growth rate in Intel's non-CPU DCG business stayed at elevated levels in the fourth quarter of 2016. Intel's previous DCG growth rate expectation seems to suggest that investors will see a significant acceleration in that growth rate over the next couple of years. To deconstruct the math, if Intel's DCG grew at a 15% compounded annual growth rate from 2015 through 2019 and Intel expected CPUs/platforms to grow at a 12% compounded annual growth rate through that period, this would imply roughly $4.53 billion in non-CPU DCG revenue by 2019 -- up from $1.095 billion in 2015. That, for what it's worth, implies a 42.6% compounded annual growth rate for the non-CPU portion of Intel's DCG through 2019 -- significantly higher than what the company is likely to see in 2016. Now, Intel isn't expecting to hit 15% growth in DCG this year, lowering its full-year guidance for DCG to "high-single digits" (i.e., 7% to 9%), but the point is clear: Intel is expecting some phenomenal growth from the non-CPU portions of DCG out in time. Some notes of caution The recent acceleration in the revenue growth rate in this sub-segment of DCG is encouraging, but investors should always keep in mind that having visibility into business trends even just a couple of quarters out, let alone several years out, is extremely tough. That's why, even though Intel has had its 15% DCG compounded annual growth rate target out there for years, it has very rarely actually hit it.  Take Intel's long-term growth targets, both for DCG and those implied for each sub-segment of DCG (CPU and non-CPU), for what they are: goals that the company is aspiring to, not hard-and-fast guarantees. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 20, 2016 at 6:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Data Center Business Is Booming #stocks $INTC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel's Financial Stagnation Intel's operating margins have come down quite a bit since 2011, as revenues have stagnated but operating expenses have surged. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) had some truly phenomenal years in 2010 and 2011. In 2010, the company rebounded nicely from the Great Recession, enjoying year-over-year revenue growth of 24%,  operating profit growth of 179%, and net income growth of 167%. In 2011, Intel pulled it off again, growing revenue by 24% year over year, all while enjoying robust operating income and net income growth to boot. Of that revenue growth, $3.6 billion came from the integration of McAfee and Intel Mobile Communication, so organic revenue growth was "just" 16%. Since then, though, Intel has suffered from a bad case of financial stagnation. Image source: Intel.  Flat revenue and higher operating expenses mean lower profits In 2011, Intel's full-year revenue came in at $54 billion. In 2012 and 2013, the figure dipped to $53.34 billion and $52.7 billion, respectively. Then, in 2014 and 2015, Intel managed to achieve revenue of $55.87 billion and $55.36 billion, respectively -- just beating out its 2011 figure. In other words, Intel's revenues stagnated during that time. A similar story applies to the company's gross profit margin percentage. After hitting an astonishing 66% in 2010, this figure hit a high of 63.7% in 2014 and a low of 59.8% in 2013 -- also largely range-bound. In contrast to the stagnant revenues and gross profit margin percentage, Intel's operating expenses have shot straight up. In 2011, Intel's operating expenses came in at an enormous $16.28 billion. Between then and 2015, that figure climbed to $20.67 billion. It's no surprise, then, that 2011 represented a multiyear peak in the company's operating income. How do things get better? Operating income is essentially a function of three variables: revenue, gross profit margin, and operating expenses. Earlier this year, we saw Intel announce a restructuring program designed to reduce operating expenses by $1.4 billion on an annual basis. However, even though the company said it expects to see $750 million in savings this year, the company's research and development plus marketing, general, and administrative expenses were up from $14.82 billion in the first nine months of 2015 to $15.7 billion in the first nine months of 2016 (5.92% year-over-year). It's not clear what kind of operating expense growth rate Intel is planning for over the next couple of years, but I don't think investors can count on seeing Intel stop its spending growth. So, for Intel to start really boosting its financial performance, it's going to need to do two things: Accelerate revenue growth. Improve its gross profit margin. If Intel can grow its revenue at a pace faster than it grows operating expenses, then that would bode well for the company's overall profitability. That's easier said than done, though, as more than half of the company's revenue still depends on the declining personal computer market. Intel is going to need to continue to stabilize its personal-computer-related revenues while trying to tap new growth opportunities in other, healthier markets.  Another way to help boost operating margin would be to grow its gross profit margin percentage. Gross profit margin is a function of the company's cost of goods sold -- how much it costs to manufacture, package, and distribute products -- as well as of the selling prices of its products. Intel has said that its long-term gross profit margin percentage goal is between 55% and 65%. Over the past three quarters, on a non-GAAP basis, Intel's gross profit margin percentage has been running near the high end of that range: Data source: Intel financial statements. The bad news is that there's not a ton more room left for Intel's gross margin to grow, assuming it maintains the 55%-65% target range. However, if Intel is able to sharpen its execution further and bring its annual gross profit margin percentages up just a point, it could translate into much-needed operating margin expansion. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 9:20PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Read More Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business 5 Reasons Advanced Micro Devices Inc. Stock Could Rise in 2017 Intel's Next-Generation Server Processors Will Be Built on 10-Nanometer Tech Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Intel's Financial Stagnation #stocks $INTC
null
null
CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Where smartwatches are going wrong Commentary: Fitness trackers and smartwatches went off the rails in 2016. Here are some reasons why. Sarah Tew/CNET Wearable Tech by Scott Stein December 19, 2016 12:41 PM PST @jetscott Up Next The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Fitbit's latest earnings reports weren't good at all. Pebble sold itself at a firesale price (to Fitbit) and cancelled its future watches. Microsoft, Motorola and Intel appear to have halted (or at least suspended) their wearable product lines. The Samsung Gear S3 slid into the holidays with a whimper, not a bang. And while Apple claims it just had its best weekly sales of the Apple Watch ever, that comes after some deep holiday discounts -- and lackluster sales for the first three quarters of the year. In light of all that, it's hardly a surprise that sales of smartwatches and wearables are in a pretty significant downturn, according to a recent report by analyst firm IDC. What's going on? I've worn nearly all of the big new fitness trackers and smartwatches of the past two years. And that's why I'm not surprised that the market is cooling. The reason is simple: they're not doing anything new. Even with Apple's newest watches, don't expect battery life beyond two days. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Since early 2015, wrist gadgets feel like they've hit a standstill. Even the Apple Watch, to some degree. While some are better than others, none of them have risen to the must-have level of the hottest phones. It's not necessarily all bad news. CNET's holiday shopping survey said millennials were more likely to get smartwatches than tablets or TVs, at least. And, many smartwatches and fitness trackers I've tried in 2016 have gotten at least a little bit better than before, as well as more affordable. But here's where things have gone off the rails, and need to be readjusted for 2017 and onwards. Battery life has hit a wall Hybrid watches that cram fitness tracking into regular watches can push a year of battery, but with sacrifices. But for most other trackers and watches, the range is anywhere from a day to several weeks. Pebble's watches always fared the best, lasting up to a week compared to one or two-day watches from Google, Apple and Samsung. The Samsung Gear S3 added more battery to its larger design, but in wearing it I didn't see a ton of improvement. Most gadgets need regular charging at annoying and hard-to-predict intervals. Others that have replaceable batteries need to be unscrewed or detached, and it's surprisingly easy to forget. Some companies think they have solutions to improve battery life: the Matrix PowerWatch is said to use temperature gradients to charge, but we have yet to verify that lofty claim. 15 The top fitness trackers and smartwatches for the holidays Wearables aren't coaching any better, or helping give better life advice Remember when the Jawbone Up promised to help coach your life better? Or the Basis Peak? Or the Microsoft Band? Maybe you don't. I do. There have been many claims of "machine learning," algorithms that learn habits and help make suggestions, and data trends served up to assist. Right now, nothing really does anything like what was promised. Fitbit can suggest a bedtime, and convince you to achieve fitness goals... but smart coaching hasn't happened yet. The Apple Watch barely coaches at all. Samsung's Gear watches and bands send motivating messages, but no real analysis. Maybe these bands are hesitant to make suggestions on things that could impact health. Maybe heart-rate-based coaching hasn't evolved because wrist-worn optical heart rate sensors are inherently inaccurate, at least in a medical sense. Both the Apple Watch and Fitbit Charge 2 tried for breathing-based mindfulness apps this year, but neither does a ton for everyday wellness (at least, not for me). A few gadgets, like Intel's Oakley coaching sunglasses, are aiming to help... but progress has slowed down a lot. Wearables aren't sensing anything new beyond heart rate Throwing heart rate sensing on a wristband was the last major innovation in sensor tech on smartwatches and fitness bands, and that happened back in 2014. Watches and bands can't sense blood pressure, or blood sugar, or temperature, or intoxication levels or any other magic things. Maybe with plugins and other accessories, perhaps... but the dream of watches as magic sensor-bands has slowed to a crawl. Maybe the reason why Garmin, one of the few 2016 companies seeing a rise in shipments, has succeeded is because its running watches are far more targeted at specific users, or aim at shoring up functions like water resistance and GPS. Fancier watches, like TAG's, don't mean improved functions. Photo by Andrew Hoyle/CNET Fashion over function, to a fault We're so used to seeing fancy smartwatches now that it's not a surprise: it's boredom. Michael Kors has a smartwatch. TAG Heuer has a smartwatch. When does this all end? Apple, thankfully, stopped making its $10,000 gold watch. But its ceramic model still tops $1,000. Manufacturers have aced the hardware design of watches. The Samsung Gear S3 looks like a great, normal sports watch. The Asus Zenwatch 3 looks like a fancy watch. Fitbit took the fashion path and made lots of leather bands and golden bangles. Everything has bling. I'd take a better-working band over a fancy one any day... but function is hard to come by, and harder to ace. They're still dependent on phones, and can't live on their own There are some smartwatches, like the Gear S3, that can be their own phones. Sounds interesting, until you try one and realize that, at best, it can do a tiny fraction of what a phone does. Apps feel fragmented, too pared-down. It's hard to get information, or make things happen. They are, at best, devices to get quick reminders. (Battery life, meanwhile, is punishing.) That could change, if they were more fully featured hubs. Consider the Amazon Echo. Why does it feel so useful? Because, it can do just enough to be its own magic device. And aside from adding the occasional skill from the companion phone app, it doesn't require anything else. Smartwatches could be that way too, but they need to either have better voice-connected responsiveness or work seamlessly with things around us beyond phones. How would that work? Well, I have no good answers there. But phones managed it, eventually (remember when you had to tether an iPhone to your computer to activate it?). Maybe watches will need another handful of years to make that concept truly work. You can use the Samsung Gear S3 as a stand-alone phone, but I wouldn't recommend it. Photo by Sarah Tew/CNET Wireless networks haven't advanced to help these gadgets, especially in the home Suddenly, I've wandered out of phone range, and my watch or tracker buzzes. If I'm at home, on Wi-Fi, I might stay connected. Maybe not. Bluetooth 5 will double the range and improve speed on wireless connections, but it's unclear how that will help when everyone already has Wi-Fi at home. If you want to dream in a different direction, consider Wi-Gig. This high-bandwidth, short-range tech is being considered a killer tool to turn VR headsets wireless, or beam information across single rooms. The Neptune Duo was a bizarre watch-phone hybrid exploring how high-speed connections could bridge phone and watch in the future. That was vaporware, but maybe someone could come up with a better idea. Smartwatches aren't the magic wrist-superpower things we dreamed of Google Glass once seemed like it was a magic world-scanning lens. It wasn't. Smartwatches can, at first, seem like comic book magic on a wrist, suddenly connecting the world to our arms. That's still only part-true right now. I can see a lot on my watch, and feel connected, and track workouts, and scan my messages, and it's useful. But it's not magical. Not yet. They can't even do video calls. Watches need to do something more impressive than get messages and track fitness. People are amazed by the Amazon Echo. People are amazed by VR. People aren't amazed by smartwatches. Could they be? What would it take? If the industry can't get there, all the fashion designers in the world won't help. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Wearable Tech Fitbit Android Wear Fitness Related Stories CNET giveaway: TomTom Spark multisport GPS watch Wearable tech at CES 2017: Expect a quiet year 8 tips and tricks for Apple AirPods Best wearable tech of 2016 Close   Discuss: Where smartwatches are going wrong Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: The robots are coming to CES, and we can't wait to meet them Iyaz's Top 5 favorite gadgets The host of "Top 5" lets you know which devices he's thrilled with. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:57 Most anticipated tech coming in 2017 Get a taste of what gadget wonders this year holds in store. by Bridget Carey Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs News Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 19, 2016 1:18 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops get upgraded to Intel's Kaby Lake chips. Credit: Samsung More like this Review: 2 ultraportables from Acer and Dell add speed, efficiency Lenovo's popular ThinkPads speed up with Intel's Kaby Lake chips Windows 10 haters: Try Linux on Kaby Lake chips with Dell's new XPS 13 Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Samsung upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals that are expected to announce new PCs at the CES trade show in January. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3-in. and 15-in. screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at CES. Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and will have better graphics. PC makers are measuring an improvement of 5 percent to 15 percent in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-in. model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-in. model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-in. Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-in. model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-in. model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows PCs Computer Processors Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Computer Processors News Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination refocuses its business and looks to diversify in IoT, automotive, and VR By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 19, 2016 10:23 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Imagination Technologies licenses its PowerVR graphics core designs to mobile phone manufacturers including Apple, which uses PowerVR in its iPhone 6S+ Credit: Peter Sayer/IDG News Service More like this Imagination GPU tech next year could power Apple iPhone 8 graphics Mobileye's self-driving car chip will pack a new MIPS CPU Imagination to battle ARM with MIPS server chips Video Mingis on Tech: Google rolls out the hardware It's been a rough year for Imagination Technologies. The CEO resigned in February, layoffs followed in the next month, and the cloud of being a takeover target hangs over the company. The company is best known as a provider of PowerVR GPUs for Apple's iPhone and the MIPS CPU architecture, which competes with Intel's X86 and ARM. Imagination has set its sights on a strong 2017 by taking an approach much like Intel did last year and refocusing on areas of growth, which include graphics and the internet of things. Imagination next year will release new PowerVR and MIPS chip designs, with the goal of driving growth in those areas. Imagination is following the path set by chip companies ARM and Intel, which have refocused their business around IoT. The chip designer has seen success in areas like set-top boxes, automotive tech, and networking, and it will continue to focus on those areas. But Imagination has the assets to succeed in emerging areas like virtual reality, and its technologies are already being used in VR headsets. Chip design business model Imagination has a business model similar to ARM's: It designs chips and licenses the designs to companies. Next year, Imagination will release the new Series8XT graphics processor, which will be targeted at a range of devices, including high-end phones and VR headsets. Apple, which is a minority shareholder in Imagination, could be one company licensing the Series8XT GPU. Apple tweaked the previous Series7XT used in the iPhone 7 and has used PowerVR technology in all iPhones to date. Imagination also wants to regain share in the mobile market as it expands the Series8XE graphics processor into low-end and mid-range phones, said Graham Deacon, senior director of business operations for PowerVR. That's a market Imagination has lost, with competitive GPUs from ARM and Qualcomm taking share. Imagination introduced Series8XE earlier this year, and the technology is reaching low- and mid-range devices. The goal is for Series8XT to be a harbinger of many new technologies, but all the GPUs will cram in more performance, Deacon said. New opportunities The PowerVR GPUs could find a place in infotainment systems and autonomous cars. There's a fair amount of research being done to tweak the GPUs for machine learning, Deacon said. There's also an opportunity in artificial intelligence, and Imagination is developing technologies and algorithms to tap into artificial intelligence uses, Deacon said. Imagination also plans to release new MIPS CPUs in the next year. MIPS CPUs have lost market share to ARM and Intel in the IoT market, but interest remains in the CPU architecture for cars, data centers, networking, and IoT devices. The company's strategy is to go after the massive volume opportunity in IoT and networking, rather than go after mobile application processors, said Steve Evans, vice president for business operations at MIPS. ARM has dominated the mobile device market in recent years. Intel recently quit making mobile CPUs, and MIPS hasn't found success. Only a handful of mobile handsets and tablets have used MIPS CPUs. But MIPS survives in other markets. Mobileye, which develops autonomous driving systems for cars, already uses MIPS CPUs. There are also many IoT devices, like low-speed LTE modems from Sequans and Altair, using MIPS CPUs. The company is also pitching the MIPS CPU for robots, drones, and other industrial applications. MIPS CPUs are also being used in wearables, particularly products developed in China. Imagination has targeted the MIPS CPU at servers in the past but with little success. But the fastest I6500-class CPU is comparable to the top-line ARM processor and is doing well, Evans said. While main CPUs in servers may be based on x86, there's interest for MIPS CPUs in the data-plane element, and companies like Broadcom and Cavium are making networking processors based on MIPS. Drones and robots Combining PowerVR and MIPS could provide a powerful chip combination for drones and robots. MIPS can provide the multi-core processing power, while PowerVR will provide the visual computing element, Imagination executives said. As the company looks to diversify into new markets, the cloud of getting acquired will hang over their head. But it's a public company with multiple shareholders, and it will continue focusing on what it does and won't be distracted, said David Harold, a company spokesman. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Computer Processors Mobile & Wireless Computer Hardware Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Sennheiser Audio Conferencing Finally Catches the Digital Transformation Wave Sponsored by VMware AirWatch A More Flexible Approach to App Containerization Popular Resources eBook Sponsored Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces White Paper Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it ... Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination refocuses its business and looks to diversify in IoT, automotive, and VR Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 20 December, 2016 05:01 0 - - - - print email It's been a rough year for Imagination Technologies. The CEO resigned in February, layoffs followed in the next month, and the cloud of a takeover hung over the company with rumored negotiations to purchase the company. The company is best known as a provider of PowerVR GPUs for Apple's iPhone and the MIPS CPU architecture, which competes with Intel's X86 and ARM. Imagination has its eyes set on a strong 2017 by taking an approach much like Intel did last year and refocusing on areas of growth, which include graphics and the internet of things. Imagination next year will release new PowerVR and MIPS chip designs, with the goal of driving growth in those areas. Imagination is following the path set by chip companies ARM and Intel, which have refocused their business around IoT. The chip designer has seen success in areas like set-top boxes, automotive tech, and networking, and it will continue to focus on those areas. But Imagination has the assets to succeed in emerging areas like virtual reality, and its technologies are already being used in VR headsets. Chip design business model Imagination has a business model similar to ARM's: It designs chips and licenses the designs to companies. Next year, Imagination will release the new Series8XT graphics processor, which will be targeted at a range of devices, including high-end phones and VR headsets. Apple, which is a minority shareholder in Imagination, could be one company licensing the Series8XT GPU. Apple tweaked the previous Series7XT used in the iPhone 7 and has used PowerVR technology in all iPhones to date. Imagination also wants to regain share in the mobile market as it expands the Series8XE graphics processor into low-end and mid-range phones, said Graham Deacon, senior director of business operations for PowerVR. That's a market Imagination has lost, with competitive GPUs from ARM and Qualcomm taking share. Imagination introduced Series8XE earlier this year, and the technology is reaching low- and mid-range devices. The goal is for Series8XT to be a harbinger of many new technologies, but all the GPUs will cram in more performance, Deacon said. New opportunities The PowerVR GPUs could find a place in infotainment systems and autonomous cars. There's a fair amount of research being done to tweak the GPUs for machine learning, Deacon said. There's also an opportunity in artificial intelligence, and Imagination is developing technologies and algorithms to tap into artificial intelligence uses, Deacon said. Imagination also plans to release new MIPS CPUs in the next year. MIPS CPUs have lost market share to ARM and Intel in the IoT market, but interest remains in the CPU architecture for cars, data centers, networking, and IoT devices. The company's strategy is to go after the massive volume opportunity in IoT and networking, rather than go after mobile application processors, said Steve Evans, vice president for business operations at MIPS. ARM has dominated the mobile device market in recent years. Intel recently quit making mobile CPUs, and MIPS hasn't found success. Only a handful of mobile handsets and tablets have used MIPS CPUs. But MIPS survives in other markets. Mobileye, which develops autonomous driving systems for cars, already uses MIPS CPUs. There are also many IoT devices, like low-speed LTE modems from Sequans and Altair, using MIPS CPUs. The company is also pitching the MIPS CPU for robots, drones, and other industrial applications. MIPS CPUs are also being used in wearables, particularly products developed in China. Imagination has targeted the MIPS CPU at servers in the past but with little success. But the fastest I6500-class CPU is comparable to the top-line ARM processor and is doing well, Evans said. While main CPUs in servers may be based on x86, there's interest for MIPS CPUs in the data-plane element, and companies like Broadcom and Cavium are making networking processors based on MIPS. Drones and robots Combining PowerVR and MIPS could provide a powerful chip combination for drones and robots. MIPS can provide the multi-core processing power, while PowerVR will provide the visual computing element, Imagination executives said. As the company looks to diversify into new markets, the cloud of getting acquired will hang over their head. But it's a public company with multiple shareholders, and it will continue focusing on what it does and won't be distracted, said David Harold, a company spokesman. Trends In Document Management Show The MFP To Be Centre Of Business Productivity And Efficiency More from Sharp Corporation Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Gadgets & Things Ehang 184 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Family Friendly VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 2 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review 3 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 4 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter 5 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode Latest News Articles ​A changing climate creates opportunities for IT Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 New AMD Radeon website counts down to Vega graphics card architecture preview Jack Dorsey asks users how to improve Twitter Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content Connected Toys Can Breach Security The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 TV of the year award 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant SYDNEY BASEDTAS CCUNISON Analyst Programmer (Contract) FinanceNSW FTLife/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde areaNSW CCEOI - TIBCO DeveloperWA FTChief Security Officer l CISSP l ISO27001NSW FTPrincipal Project ManagerNSW FTBusiness Development ManagerQLD CCSenior Performance Test AnalystVIC CCTRIM Technical DeveloperACT FTLife/400 Testers - Permanent - North Ryde areaNSW FTIT EngineerNSW CCITCM Technical Specialist - SydneyNSW TPProject Coordinator. Infrastructure Projects.NSW FTDynamics AX Functional Consultant SYDNEY BASEDWA FTIT Systems EngineerNSW TPAEM DeveloperNSW TPMid Level Frontend DeveloperNSW FTBusiness Development ManagerQLD FTProject Manager (Software product development)VIC TPBusiness AnalystACT TPSAP Functional Consultant - FICOQLD FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Functional Consultant Advanced Warehouse ManagementACT FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Functional Consultant Advanced Warehouse ManagementWA FTLevel 2 Service DeskNSW TPSenior Engineer-UNIXVIC Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point computerworld.com.au Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? arnnet.com.au Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks AMD's stock has been on a tear, but it remains far from clear whether it can unseat these two powerful semiconductor names. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Dec 19, 2016 at 11:35AM Image source: Getty Images. Though there are certainly some challengers, it's hard to find a hotter tech stock than Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD). Heading into the finish line for 2016, AMD stock has risen an astronomical 275% in 2016, roughly 34 times the Nasdaq Composite's respectable 8% uptick for the year: AMD data by YCharts. No stock rises so fast without an underlying catalyst, and that is indeed the case with AMD shares. The company has done an admirable job making the most of its unique exposure to the computer microprocessor (CPU) and graphics (GPU) markets. So if AMD is doing so well, why is this article about better alternatives to its stock? Despite its recent renaissance, AMD's business model isn't necessarily as bulletproof as its 2016 rally might imply. As you'll see, other semiconductor makers hold stronger competitive positions in the two core markets where AMD hopes to gain market share. Consequently, here are two better semiconductor stocks than AMD today. 1. NVIDIA After struggling to find a place in the mobile revolution, graphics processing unit (GPU) leader NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) has found itself unexpectedly at the heart of some of the most exciting growth markets in tech today. Self-driving cars, artificial intelligence, and big data might sound like buzz words to some, but to NVIDIA, they're core markets for its high-end graphics chips. In fact, NVIDIA saw double-digit growth in the three business segments that cater to these markets. In terms of being more attractive than AMD, this leadership position in higher-growth semiconductor markets would be enough to make NVIDIA the better buy. Image source: NVIDIA. However, NVIDIA remains better positioned in the market where it competes directly with AMD, despite recent success on AMD's part. It's no secret that AMD has stolen some of NVIDIA's market share for desktop GPUs, but this overlooks two important facts. First, the overall market for PC graphics chips is shrinking in terms of unit shipments, making AMD's success in this space somewhat less appealing. What is more, NVIDIA's popularity among gamers, an enthusiast market that covets top-notch performance, has allowed it to continue to increase costs in the face of falling PC sales. Furthermore, NVIDIA is rumored to be preparing a lower-cost graphics chip to defend its market share from AMD next year. So for long-term investors comparing the two, NVIDIA is a better choice. 2. Intel Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) dominates the market for PC and server microprocessors, and a meaningful part of AMD's recent rally has been fueled by the assumption that AMD can steal some market share from Intel in one or both of these industries. Much has been made of AMD's forthcoming Zen CPU, which could offer graphics advantages over Intel's current chips, as Intel's chip roadmap appears focused on driving computing-performance improvements as usual. It still seems more likely that consumer preferences will be biased toward valuing faster computing power over moderately improved graphics. Looking at the bigger picture, Intel's massive resource advantage over AMD -- Intel's research-and-development budget is larger than AMD's total revenues -- should insulate it from individual design wins that might translate into a longer-term shift away from its chips. Intel might not be the growth giant that it was a generation ago, but in my eyes its financial muscle and strong tradition of execution still make it a safer long-term bet than AMD's high-flying shares. Foolish bottom line In many ways, this article is as much an argument for NVIDIA and Intel shares as it is a caution against AMD stock. As a company, AMD is undoubtedly improving. AMD has adeptly tapped into its core opportunity in the console gaming market, while looking to position its mix of computing and graphics know-how as an alternative to NVIDIA and Intel in their respective markets. Though this strategy could certainly work, it will be hard to dislodge either NVIDIA or Intel from their respective positions of strength. As we've seen in other consumer-hardware verticals like the PC market, cost advantages rarely trump performance advantages, so in this way AMD remains at a disadvantage to both Intel and NVIDIA. What's more, we're still early in AMD's comeback story, and the company has fallen badly on its face in the past. So while AMD shares have eviscerated the market over the past 12 months, it's far less clear that the company can do so again over the next 12. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 11:35AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $11.34 down $0.25 (-2.16%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $106.60 down $-4.83 (-4.33%) Read More 1 Way ARM Threatens Intel's Data Center Business The Best Video Game Stocks of 2016 Intel Corporation's Huge Bet on the Data Center How Risky Is Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.? Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Ignore Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.: Here Are 2 Better Stocks #stocks $INTC, $AMD, $NVDA
null
null
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews Desktop PCs Asrock Beebox-S 7200U: Kaby Lake vs. Skylake By Steven Walton on December 19, 2016 TechSpot 90 TechSpot score Popular 29 comments Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review 19 comments Evidence of Russian malware found on Vermont utility computer Bitcoin value passes $1,000 for the first time in more than three years Pioneer the next gaming hit with 26 hours of Unity3D training LG announces Super UHD LCD TV lineup featuring Nano Cell technology SpaceX concludes Falcon 9 accident investigation, will resume flight next week 26 comments Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out Index Article Index Asrock Beebox-S 7200U: Kaby Lake Inside, Synthetic Benchmarks Application & Encoding Performance Power Consumption & Wrap Up 179 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments Reviewed just four months ago, Asrock's compact yet capable Beebox-S is one of our favorite mini PCs given its price, features, build quality, and dual-core 14nm Skylake-U processor. Although the Core i5-6200U SoC is over a year old, the system is efficient and surprisingly affordable at $165 for the 6100U and $320 for the 6200U. I've been using the latter as my day to day HTPC since August and it's been doing a fantastic job, so I didn't expect it to be replaced a few months later. Nonetheless, Asrock has sent an updated Beebox-S model sporting Intel's new 7th-generation processor based on the Kaby Lake-U architecture.  Rather than look at the Beebox-S 7200U in detail, we're going to focus on the upgrade to Kaby Lake as this is the only notable change. Which one's which? While our official Intel Kaby Lake desktop coverage can't be published until early next month, the mobile and low-power processors have been out in the wild for a few months now. With the arrival of this new Beebox-S, we thought it would be interesting to run benchmarks against the previous model. Both use low powered 15-watt U-series parts and with the Core i5-7200U effectively replacing the i5-6200U, it makes for an ideal comparison. Before we jump to the benchmarks, let's touch on the improvements you can expect from the new 7th-gen Core chip. Intel has made some tweaks to its 14nm process for additional performance, including an improved fin profile and transistor channel strain. These claim to deliver a ~12% processing performance improvement, which should make Kaby Lake more efficient when combined with architectural gains. Back in August, Intel's press material suggested that Kaby Lake would bring around 25% better performance per watt than Skylake. Intel also reported double-digit gains when comparing the new Core i7-7500U to the Core i7-6500U: 12% better "productivity" and 19% better web performance. That said, at the time we noted that a good portion of these gains could be attributed to Kaby Lake's higher clock speeds rather than pure IPC improvements. One of the major upgrades in Kaby Lake is an improved media engine built upon the company's Gen9 graphics architecture. The Multi-Format Codec (MFX) has been upgraded to support the latest media standards, including 4K 10-bit HEVC decode/encode, 10-bit VP9 decode, and 8-bit VP9 encode. The Video Quality Engine (VQE) also sees improvements, bringing HDR tone mapping and Wide Color Gamut (Rec.2020) support. Thus on paper the biggest difference between 7200U and 6200U is clock speed. The Core i5-7200U runs at a 9% higher base clock frequency (12% higher for boost frequencies). The integrated GPU has also been upgraded to HD Graphics 620. Other than that you get the same two physical cores with Hyper-Threading support for four threads, a 3MB L3 cache and the same 15-watt TDP. The processor's MSRP remains $218, although for the time being there's a $30 premium for the new Beebox-S models. Let's get to the results to see just how much faster Kaby Lake really is, we are comparing against several different systems for better context as follows... Test System Specs AMD APU System Specs AMD A10-7800 (3.5GHz - 3.90GHz) AMD A8-7600 (3.1GHz - 3.80GHz) Asrock FM2A88M Extreme4+ (AMD A88X) 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3 RAM Crucial MX200 1TB SilverStone Essential Series 500w Windows 10 Pro 64-bit AMD AM1 System Specs AMD Athlon 5350 (2.05GHz) Asrock AM1H-ITX 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3 RAM Crucial MX200 1TB SilverStone Essential Series 500w Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Intel Haswell System Specs Intel Core i3-4130 (3.4GHz) Intel Pentium G3220 (3.0GHz) Asrock Z97 Extreme9 (Intel Z97) 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3-2400 RAM Crucial MX200 1TB SilverStone Essential Series 500w Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Asrock Beebox System Specs Intel Celeron N3000 (1.60GHz - 2.40GHz) 4GB (2x2GB) DDR3 RAM Team Group M3F49 128GB SSD 36W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Intel Braswell System Specs Intel Pentium N3700 (1.60GHz - 2.40GHz) Asrock N3700-ITX Intel Celeron N3050 (1.60GHz - 2.16GHz) Asrock N3050B-ITX 8GB (2x4GB) DDR3 RAM Crucial MX200 1TB SilverStone Essential Series 500w Windows 10 Pro 64-bit ECS Liva X System Specs Intel Celeron N2808 (1.58GHz) 4GB (1x4GB) DDR3 RAM 32GB eMMC SSD 36W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit MSI Cubi 2 Plus System Specs Intel Core i3-6100T (3.20GHz) 8GB (2x4GB) DDR4-2133 RAM Samsung SM951 512GB 90W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Asrock DeskMini System Specs Intel Core i5-6500 (3.20GHz) 16GB (2x8GB) DDR4-2133 RAM Samsung SM951 512GB 120W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Asrock Beebox-S 6200U Intel Core i5-6200U (2.80GHz) 16GB (2x8GB) DDR4-2133 RAM Samsung SSD 960 Pro 1TB 65W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Asrock Beebox-S 7200U Intel Core i5-7200U (3.10GHz) 16GB (2x8GB) DDR4-2133 RAM Samsung SSD 960 Pro 1TB 65W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit Intel NUC6i7KYK System Specs Intel Core i7-6770HQ (2.60GHz) 32GB (2x16GB) DDR4-2133 RAM Samsung SSD 950 Pro 512GB 120W/12V Adapter Windows 10 Pro 64-bit   Memory & Synthetic Benchmarks Both versions of the Beebox-S are running DDR4-2133 memory and as you can see, the Core i5-7200U provided the same 26GB/s memory bandwidth as the previous generation 6200U processor. The 7200U might be clocked up to 11% faster but here we see a rather large 21% jump in performance for the L1 cache bandwidth which now exceeds that of the Core i3-6100T processor. The improvement for the L3 cache bandwidth wasn't quite as impressive, jumping up by 17%. That's still noteworthy all the same and it'll be interesting to see how these gains translate in real world applications. The Cinebench R11.5 benchmark only shows a 15% improvement for the multi-threading score which if you take that 11% clock speed advantage into account really doesn't mean much. That said, we did see a 20% improvement for the single thread test which is interesting and this jump placed the 7200U on par with the Core i3-4130 and 6100T processors. The 3DMark cloud gate score increased by 7% with the 7200U which I have to say seems to be entirely down to the fact that this new model runs at higher clock speeds and nothing else. Going back to 3DMark 06 we find the Beebox-S 7200U is 16% faster than the older 6200U model. That's a decent boost and it placed the 7200U ahead of the AMD APU powered systems as well as the Core i3-4130. This PCMark 7 result could be very telling and a strong indication of how the real-world application testing is going to go. The 7200U powered Beebox-S was just 2% faster despite that clock speed advantage, so this is a disappointing result. Next Page Application & Encoding Performance Article Index Asrock Beebox-S 7200U: Kaby Lake Inside, Synthetic Benchmarks Application & Encoding Performance Power Consumption & Wrap Up User Comments: 7 Got something to say? Post a comment Load comments… Discuss 30 Trump wants to use couriers for important messages because "no computer is safe" 11 Game of Thrones (not The Grand Tour) was the most torrented TV show of 2016 27 Smart TVs aren't immune to ransomware as one user recently found out 13 French 'right to disconnect' law goes into effect 8 Which case would you put the 32 thread monster in? Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Microsoft Tech Samsung refreshes its thin and light Notebook 9 with Intel’s latest processors New, 20 comments by Tom Warren@tomwarren Dec 19, 2016, 5:04am EST share tweet Linkedin Samsung is refreshing its 13- and 15-inch Notebook 9 laptops with Intel’s 7th generation Kaby Lake processors this week, just ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show in January. The minor refresh introduces Intel’s latest processors alongside some tweaks to the overall design of the Notebook 9. Samsung has opted for a more curved chassis for its thin and light laptop, with slim bezels for the near edge-to-edge display. The tweaks mean the Notebook 9 is now closer to 2 pounds for the 15-inch model, and just 1.8 pounds for the 13-inch version. The usual ports are present, including two USB 3.0 ports and a single USB Type-C port, HDMI, and microSD slot. Samsung is no longer promising up to 12 hours battery life, with a more conservative 7-hour estimate. That’s the same amount we got during testing on the previous model earlier this year. Samsung has also added a backlit keyboard this time around, but we’ll have to wait for a closer look to see whether the Notebook 9 build quality has improved from our review back in May. Grid View Next Up In Circuit Breaker Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone Samsung updates its midrange Galaxy A series with water and dust resistance, improved camera Dell has turned one of the best Windows laptops into a 2-in-1 hybrid TrackR announces new trackers for finding your misplaced stuff CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Now Trending CES 2017: What to expect at the biggest tech trade show of the year Olympus E-M1 Mark II review: the camera that warps time This Article has a component height of 2. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest CES 2017 News Circuit Breaker Tech Samsung's new four-in-one washer / dryer takes laundry to the extreme by Chaim Gartenberg@cgartenberg I hate doing laundry more than any other chore in my life. Between dragging a laundry bag around the corner to the laundromat, lugging detergent, counting out the right amount of corners, and waiting for loads to finish, every load represents tons... New, 0 comments TL;DR Web Culture My winter happy place is Sarah Jessica Parker’s weird, gross Instagram by Kaitlyn Tiffany Sarah Jessica Parker — America’s sweetheart, New York City’s mascot, relatable queen of cold-hearted romantic comedies, human vessel of Sex and the City’s omniscient tulle-loving narrator, mother of three, and guiding light to all — is an... New, 1 comment MIT study says 3,000 ride-sharing cars could replace every cab in New York City by Jordan Golson@jlgolson All 13,000 taxis in New York City could be replaced by a fleet of 3,000 ride-sharing cars if used exclusively for carpooling, according to research published today by MIT’s Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (CSAIL). Instead... New, 9 comments Entertainment TV Culture Welcome to The Bachelor fantasy league: the only sport that matters by Kaitlyn Tiffany Love is a spectator sport where the players are also spectating. We gather friends around the Apple TV while we swipe through potential lovers on Tinder. We consider everyone we swap spit with fair game for public dissection, so long as they do... New, 2 comments Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Google Asus ZenFone AR revealed, the second Google Tango phone by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Every company tries to be the first with the biggest CES announcement, but Asus has been preempted today by hardware partner Qualcomm, which has revealed the upcoming ZenFone AR smartphone with Google Tango support. At the same, prolific leaker... New, 2 comments Microsoft Tech Windows 10 Creators Update expected to arrive in April by Tom Warren@tomwarren Microsoft is tentatively planning to release its next major Windows 10 update in April. MSPoweruser reports that the software giant is planning to finalize the feature set of the Creators Update by the end of the month, before starting to crush... New, 7 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
null
Trending: Tips for new tech devices IDG Editors on tech trends for '17 Tech luminaries we lost in 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Tips on shooting great video with your drone Free tools for your cyber-security efforts 5 tips for succeeding with a virtual workforce More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Emerging Technology Internet of Things News Intel ships Joule 550x computer, but initial units overpriced The Joule 550x is available for $349 at Mouser and $291 at Newegg By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 19, 2016 8:55 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Intel's Joule 550x board can be used to make robots, drones, electronics, and VR headsets. Credit: Newegg More like this This Intel board computer can be a powerful Ubuntu 16.04 Linux PC Intel's Joule board to support Windows 10 IoT Core The Orange Pi Zero single-board computer ships for $6.99 Video Smart Cities: Barcelona Intel is shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of the Raspberry Pi. The board was announced in August but didn't ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. Intel's recommended price for the Joule 550x is $149 to $159, and online retailer Mouser is selling it for $179, a sizable markup. At prices of up to $349, the Joule 550x development kit, with extra components, is more than double the price of Microsoft and Seeed Studio's Raspberry Pi 3 starter kit called Seeed IoT Grove Kit for Windows, which sells for $149 and includes a 5-inch LCD screen. The kit is now available from online retailer Mouser and from Newegg for $291.  The Joule 550x will provide ample computing power to people building powerful robots, drones or electronics. Using boards available before the retail release, some Joule-based robots and devices, like Microsoft's voice recognizing Bamboo robot, have already been made, and others like bartending robots are on the way. The board also has the computing power to be used as a Linux PC, and it has integrated graphics, memory, storage and Wi-Fi on board. A virtual reality headset can also be built with the Joule 550x. The Joule 550x is a watered down version of Intel's Joule 570x board, which has a faster processor and more memory. The Intel board beats Raspberry Pi 3 on features. The Joule 550x has a quad-core Atom T5500 processor based on the Broxton chip architecture, 8GB of storage, 3GB of LPDDR4 memory, two USB 3.0 ports, dual-antenna 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. It also has the usual interfaces like I2S, GPIO, and UART found on popular development boards. The computer can be used to make IoT devices and supports major operating systems like embedded Linux and Windows 10 IoT Core. Raspberry Pi 3 and Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410c also support major OSes. While consumer-focused robots are trendy, Intel hopes the usage of Joule expands in the enterprise. Powerful graphics capabilities are needed for tasks like product inspection. The processing capabilities of such a board could also automate engineering tasks. Intel ultimately hopes to increase shipments of IoT chips after abandoning Atom chips in the mobile and tablet markets. Correction: The headline and subhead, as well as paragraphs three and four, have been changed to reflect corrected prices. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Internet of Things Windows PCs Computer Hardware Daily Briefing Review: Microsoft Teams tries to do Slack one better Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by VMware AirWatch IoT Will Have a Big Impact on Enterprise Mobility Popular Resources Huddle Spaces: The New Look for Corporate Workspaces Solving the Storage Dilemma for High-Performance Applications Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud Go Top Stories Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' President-elect Donald Trump weighed in on IT security at a New Year's Eve party, suggesting that the... Face-off: Oracle vs. HPE for data warehousing Considering a data warehouse system? Download this free report for side-by-side comparisons of rival... Making gas stations safe for fraudsters again With soaring online fraud, Mastercard and Visa have done what they can to boost in-store crime. They... 2016: The tech year in cartoons From Microsoft’s push to get users to upgrade to Windows 10 — whether they wanted to or not — to the... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Home Auto Gadgets Hardware Internet IT Science Software Blogs Polls Submit News Hardware Intel and the Amazing Tech Show at CES 2017 Saimin (Blog) - December 19, 2016 5:00 AM Print Recipient E-mail Sender E-mail As reported by Intel, on January 4th, 2017 at 4PM you will hear first-hand from Intel information that goes above and beyond and above what the company’s top executives unveil at the CES 2017. The Intel event will take place at Central Hall booth # 10048 Convention Center, Las Vegas.                 You can find most amazing and powerful hardware products with detailed specifications which include Intel I/O expansion Modules, Server boards, Server Systems and more. Other items include Intel Server boards which support a range of distinct quality Intel I/O Expansion Modules by using x4 or x8 PCI Express* Mezzanine connectors on the server board.     There is a PDF that shows what boards support modules. There are seven different board and hardware Combinations are available with variety of I/O Modules and reviewed at 2016. Quad Port Intel 1350 GbE I/O Module (AXX4P1 GBPWLIOM) Dual Port Intel X 540 10GbE I/O Module (AXX10GBTWLIOM and AXX10GBTWLHW) Dual Port Intel X 540 10GbE  I/O Module (AXX10GBTWLHW2) Dual Port Intel X 540 10GbE I/O Module (AXX10GBTWLIOM3 and AXX10GBTWLHW3) Dual Port Intel 82599 10GbE I/O Module (AXX10GBNIAIOM) Single Port FDR InfiniBand* ConnectX*-3 I/O Module (AXX1FDRIBIOM)     Dual Port FDR InfiniBand ConnectX-3 I/O Module (AXX2FDRIBIOM) There are a variety of Intel Modules available in the market for almost every need, such as Intel latest TPM Modules platform modules, where (Intel TXT) is an improvement to server security, and a hardware security solution.                          Two of Intel's RAIDs   Intel RAID Modules add hardware –RAID capabilities similar to a standard adapter card to Intel* Server Board and the Server Systems without consuming valuable PCI Express* slots and more options available. Pictures source Google           Ethernet Modules, the Ethernet adapters from Intel with high performance through industry –leading improved in power management technologies like energy –efficient Ethernet and direct memory access together solves the increased in networking demand. You could always explore the options in each and every Intel products in the market. "Intel is investing heavily (think gazillions of dollars and bazillions of engineering man hours) in resources to create an Intel host controllers spec in order to speed time to market of the USB 3.0 technology." -- Intel blogger Nick Knupffer Latest Headlines AMD’s 2017 Launches: AMD Zen Launching High End X370 AM4 Motherboard Display at CES 2017 December 31, 2016, 12:01 AM Best Wishes December 25, 2016, 12:01 AM The Smart & Connected to the Cloud World: 2016 and Beyond December 23, 2016, 4:20 AM Intel and the Amazing Tech Show at CES 2017 December 19, 2016, 5:00 AM AMD takes Computing to a New Horizon with Ryzen Processors December 15, 2016, 1:00 AM AMD Named UBM Company of the Year December 10, 2016, 5:00 AM More Headlines Most Popular ArticlesAMD’s 2017 Launches: AMD Zen Launching High End X370 AM4 Motherboard Display at CES 2017 December 31, 2016, 12:01 AM LG V20 Smartphone, is this a good deal? December 28, 2016, 5:00 AM Xiaomi Mi MIX the Bezel-less Smartphone December 27, 2016, 5:00 AM The iPhone in 10 December 27, 2016, 5:00 AM Lumia 950 XL – Your Windows 10 Mobile Smartphone December 28, 2016, 5:00 AM Latest Blog Posts News of Jan 2nd 2017 Saimin Nidarson - Jan 2, 2017, 4:40 AM Wishing you all, the New Year brings the light of hope, joy, success, and Happy, Happy New Year. Saimin Nidarson - Jan 1, 2017, 1:48 AM New End of Year News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 31, 2016, 12:01 AM News from Around The World Saimin Nidarson - Dec 30, 2016, 5:00 AM In The News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 29, 2016, 5:00 AM Gadget News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 28, 2016, 5:00 AM New Report Saimin Nidarson - Dec 27, 2016, 5:00 AM A farmer built her own broadband Saimin Nidarson - Dec 26, 2016, 5:00 AM Season's Greetings Elroy Bethell - Dec 25, 2016, 12:01 AM Happy Holidays 2016 Saimin Nidarson - Dec 24, 2016, 5:00 AM In The News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 23, 2016, 5:00 AM Current News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 22, 2016, 5:00 AM News Around the World Saimin Nidarson - Dec 21, 2016, 5:00 AM Some Tech News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 20, 2016, 5:00 AM World News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 19, 2016, 5:00 AM Some News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 18, 2016, 1:00 AM Massive hack attack pressure on Yahoo grows. Saimin Nidarson - Dec 17, 2016, 1:00 AM Some News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 16, 2016, 1:52 AM In The News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 15, 2016, 5:00 AM What is happening? Saimin Nidarson - Dec 14, 2016, 5:00 AM News from Around The World Saimin Nidarson - Dec 13, 2016, 1:00 AM Some News Saimin Nidarson - Dec 12, 2016, 5:00 AM More Blog Posts Copyright 2017 DailyTech LLC. - RSS Feed | Advertise | About Us | Ethics | FAQ | Terms, Conditions & Privacy Information | Kristopher Kubicki
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination plans new MIPS CPU, PowerVR GPU as it looks to bounce back Imagination refocuses its business and looks to diversify in IoT, automotive, and VR Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 05:01 - - - - print email Comments It's been a rough year for Imagination Technologies. The CEO resigned in February, layoffs followed in the next month, and the cloud of a takeover hung over the company with rumored negotiations to purchase the company. The company is best known as a provider of PowerVR GPUs for Apple's iPhone and the MIPS CPU architecture, which competes with Intel's X86 and ARM. Imagination has its eyes set on a strong 2017 by taking an approach much like Intel did last year and refocusing on areas of growth, which include graphics and the internet of things. Imagination next year will release new PowerVR and MIPS chip designs, with the goal of driving growth in those areas. Imagination is following the path set by chip companies ARM and Intel, which have refocused their business around IoT. The chip designer has seen success in areas like set-top boxes, automotive tech, and networking, and it will continue to focus on those areas. But Imagination has the assets to succeed in emerging areas like virtual reality, and its technologies are already being used in VR headsets. Chip design business model Imagination has a business model similar to ARM's: It designs chips and licenses the designs to companies. Next year, Imagination will release the new Series8XT graphics processor, which will be targeted at a range of devices, including high-end phones and VR headsets. Apple, which is a minority shareholder in Imagination, could be one company licensing the Series8XT GPU. Apple tweaked the previous Series7XT used in the iPhone 7 and has used PowerVR technology in all iPhones to date. Imagination also wants to regain share in the mobile market as it expands the Series8XE graphics processor into low-end and mid-range phones, said Graham Deacon, senior director of business operations for PowerVR. That's a market Imagination has lost, with competitive GPUs from ARM and Qualcomm taking share. Imagination introduced Series8XE earlier this year, and the technology is reaching low- and mid-range devices. The goal is for Series8XT to be a harbinger of many new technologies, but all the GPUs will cram in more performance, Deacon said. New opportunities The PowerVR GPUs could find a place in infotainment systems and autonomous cars. There's a fair amount of research being done to tweak the GPUs for machine learning, Deacon said. There's also an opportunity in artificial intelligence, and Imagination is developing technologies and algorithms to tap into artificial intelligence uses, Deacon said. Imagination also plans to release new MIPS CPUs in the next year. MIPS CPUs have lost market share to ARM and Intel in the IoT market, but interest remains in the CPU architecture for cars, data centers, networking, and IoT devices. The company's strategy is to go after the massive volume opportunity in IoT and networking, rather than go after mobile application processors, said Steve Evans, vice president for business operations at MIPS. ARM has dominated the mobile device market in recent years. Intel recently quit making mobile CPUs, and MIPS hasn't found success. Only a handful of mobile handsets and tablets have used MIPS CPUs. But MIPS survives in other markets. Mobileye, which develops autonomous driving systems for cars, already uses MIPS CPUs. There are also many IoT devices, like low-speed LTE modems from Sequans and Altair, using MIPS CPUs. The company is also pitching the MIPS CPU for robots, drones, and other industrial applications. MIPS CPUs are also being used in wearables, particularly products developed in China. Imagination has targeted the MIPS CPU at servers in the past but with little success. But the fastest I6500-class CPU is comparable to the top-line ARM processor and is doing well, Evans said. While main CPUs in servers may be based on x86, there's interest for MIPS CPUs in the data-plane element, and companies like Broadcom and Cavium are making networking processors based on MIPS. Drones and robots Combining PowerVR and MIPS could provide a powerful chip combination for drones and robots. MIPS can provide the multi-core processing power, while PowerVR will provide the visual computing element, Imagination executives said. As the company looks to diversify into new markets, the cloud of getting acquired will hang over their head. But it's a public company with multiple shareholders, and it will continue focusing on what it does and won't be distracted, said David Harold, a company spokesman. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AppleARMBroadcomImagination TechnologiesIntelQualcomm Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW IT Field Engineer NSW Senior iOS Developer NSW Senior .Net Developer VIC Project Manager-Workforce Management NSW Program Support Officer NSW Project Manager NSW WebMethod Developer QLD Benefits Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
null
null

12,668,657 members (33,399 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as C++UbuntuLinuxIoT Stats 2.4K views Posted 19 Dec 2016 Announcing Ubuntu and Wind River Pulsar support with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0 Intel Corporation, 19 Dec 2016 CPOL We are very excited to announce the release of Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0! Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. We are very excited to announce the release of Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0! This release brings Ubuntu* support for the Intel® Joule™ development platform and Intel® IoT Gateway, providing developers with additional OS options for their IoT solutions. We've expanded our middleware libraries to support microcontrollers, wireless connectivity, and additional industrial sensors. Our tools and IDEs have also been updated with new features that enhances the developer experience. Key Features Ubuntu* development support for the Intel® Joule™ development platform and Intel® IoT Gateway C/C++ development on Ubuntu* 16.04.1 LTS with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition Node.js* development on Ubuntu* 16.04.1 LTS with the Intel® XDK I/O and sensor middleware libraries (MRAA & UPM) available as Ubuntu* packages Wind River Pulsar* Linux* 7 support for MinnowBoard MAX* boards C/C++ development on Wind River Pulsar* Linux* 7 with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition I/O and sensor middleware libraries (MRAA & UPM) available as RPM packages I/O middleware library for Zephyr* and Microcontrollers (ZMRAA) Wireless connectivity and industrial sensor support ZigBee* Z-Wave* LoRa* NFC/RFID Wi-Fi* Bluetooth* low energy Industrial sensors from Aeon Labs, Trane, GE, and Honeywell 50+ C UPM drivers for a common sensor API on both Unix* and RTOS platforms How-To Intel® Technology Code Samples for the Intel® IoT Gateway Ubuntu* support and UI/UX improvements for the Intel® Joule™ Module Configuration Tool Install and sync repository packages/libraries with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition Web Services Explorer with the Intel® XDK Ubuntu* development support for the Intel® Joule™ development platform and Intel® IoT Gateway The Intel® IoT Developer Kit now supports Ubuntu* on Intel® Joule™ development platforms and Intel® IoT Gateways! You can now run Ubuntu* on these platforms and still use the same familiar Intel® IoT Developer Kit tools and libraries for prototyping and development. Supported hardware platforms include: Intel® Joule™ development platform (Ubuntu* Desktop 16.04) Dell Wyse* 3290 gateway (Ubuntu* Desktop 16.04) Gigabyte* GB-BXBT-3825 gateway (Ubuntu* Desktop 16.04) Intel® NUC DE3815TYKHE (Ubuntu* Server 16.04) Supported features include: C/C++ development support with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition Node.js* development support with the Intel® XDK (for the Intel Joule development platform) Install additional packages on the target with apt-get, such as ROS* (Robot Operating System), or sync them remotely using the new package manager feature in the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition I/O middleware library support (MRAA) Sensor and actuator middleware library support (UPM) IMRAA support, allowing you to connect to sensors and actuators over Firmata using an Arduino 101* board See the Intel® Joule™ Module User Guide and Getting Started with Intel® IoT Gateways and Intel® IoT Developer Kit for details. Wind River Pulsar* Linux* 7 support for MinnowBoard MAX* boards Wind River Pulsar* Linux* is a small, high-performance, secure, and manageable Linux* distribution designed to simplify and speed your embedded and Internet of Things (IoT) development projects. This release brings Wind River Pulsar Linux support to the Intel® IoT Developer Kit. You can use the same familiar tools and libraries for prototyping and development. Supported features include: MRAA and UPM middleware libraries support Cloud connector middleware support, including support for Amazon Web Services*, Microsoft Azure*, and IBM Bluemix* C/C++ development support with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition Wind River Pulsar Linux is supported for the MinnowBoard MAX* development board. Learn more about getting started on Wind River Pulsar* Linux*. I/O middleware library for Zephyr* and Microcontrollers (ZMRAA) The Intel® IoT Developer Kit is introducing ZMRAA, an MRAA implementation for the Zephyr Project*. You can now use the same familiar MRAA hardware I/O abstraction APIs on Intel microcontroller platforms, such as the Arduino 101* board or the Intel® Quark™ microcontroller D2000. ZMRAA’s C API supports GPIO, I2C, AIO, PWM, and SPI. Start developing with ZMRAA today! Wireless connectivity and industrial sensor support The UPM library now supports a variety of radio modules and protocols, most of which are commonly used in an IoT solution. Add wireless connectivity to your sensor nodes and between gateways with wireless protocols such as: ZigBee* Z-Wave* LoRa* NFC/RFID Wi-Fi* Bluetooth* low energy Learn more about the supported modules and APIs. Take your IoT solution to production with UPM’s support for industrial sensors. We’ve added additional industrial-grade sensors to our list of supported modules, including a variety of Z-Wave industrial sensors from Aeon Labs, Trane, GE, and Honeywell. Explore all the supported sensors and actuators. 50+ C UPM drivers for a common sensor API on both Unix* and RTOS platforms We’ve ported 50+ UPM drivers to C, offering a common sensor API that simplifies IoT solution development and transitions from Unix* to Real Time Operating System (RTOS) platforms, or vice versa. Use the same tools and libraries to develop and deploy to both gateways and edge devices. Generic function tables are provided for the newly added C drivers to facilitate sensor framework development on top of the UPM sensor drivers. Learn more and check out the examples. How-To Intel® Technology Code Samples for the Intel® IoT Gateway Run the Access Control, Alarm Clock, Doorbell and many more How-To Intel Technology Code Samples using an Intel® IoT Gateway with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition or Intel® XDK. These instructional code samples are end-to-end prototype solutions using the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, Intel® IoT Gateway, Intel® NUC, Intel® Joule™ compute module, Intel® Edison board, Grove* and DFRobot* sensors, cloud services, APIs, and other technologies. Find many of these samples in C++, Java*, JavaScript*, and (recently added) Python*. Learn more about the How-To Intel Technology Code Samples here: https://github.com/intel-iot-devkit/how-to-code-samples. Ubuntu* support and UI/UX improvements for the Intel® Joule™ Module Configuration Tool The Intel® Joule™ Module Configuration Tool has been updated to support creating Ubuntu* Desktop 16.04 bootable media for your Intel® Joule™ development platform. The UI has also been updated, along with various tweaks and bug fixes for a better user experience. Install and sync repository packages/libraries with the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition In addition to support for Ubuntu* 16.04.1 LTS and Wind River Pulsar* Linux*, the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition now includes a third-party package synchronization utility. Add third-party packages/libraries (e.g. ROS* (Robot Operating System) for Ubuntu*) to your project and have the IDE automatically install them to your build environment. The selected packages are synchronized when you connect to your target to ensure that they run correctly. For details, see the Intel® System Studio IoT Edition User Guide for C/C++ and the guide on adding third party packages. Web Services Explorer with the Intel® XDK The Web Services Explorer allows you to make code binding to web services for your IoT apps. This feature was already available for mobile apps and is now enabled for IoT projects as well. For more information about using the Web Services Explorer, see the Intel® XDK documentation, here. Many of the IoT "templates" have been updated to support the Intel® Joule™ development platform. New IoT sample apps have been added to the "IoT samples" section that are designed to run on the Intel Joule development board. The IoT daemon installation and update process has also been improved. The IoT daemon can now be installed or updated on a supported IoT operating system, even if the daemon is not present on the IoT target device. The Intel® XDK IoT daemon has been updated for proper operation on Intel Joule platforms. For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our Optimization Notice. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Announcing Intel® IoT Developer Kit support for Intel IoT Gateways! Building a Robotic Platform Using the Intel® Edison Module Wind River Pulsar Linux - available at no cost and built for embedded and IoT devices SAPrefs - Netscape-like Preferences Dialog Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Generate and add keyword variations using AdWords API Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 19 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,668,657 members (33,399 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Third Party Products » Product Showcase » General   Article Alternatives Comments (1) Add your own alternative version Tagged as ArduinoIoT Stats 2.1K views Posted 19 Dec 2016 Building a Robotic Platform Using the Intel® Edison Module Intel Corporation, 19 Dec 2016 CPOL This article will investigate an exciting addition to the field of robotics offered by DFRobot at DFRobot.com. Editorial Note This article is in the Product Showcase section for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers. Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction When it comes to hobbies, there seems to be no better time than now to get into Robotics. With the affordability of basic parts, wide selection of different micro-controller platforms, and a plethora of online forum support, building a working robot is within reach of anyone with even a passing interest and passion to make something come alive. This article will investigate an exciting addition to the field of robotics offered by DFRobot* at DFRobot.com. Advertised as a Robotics Mobile Tank Platform, this product is called "Devastator", and is great for basic capabilities such as moving around, and detecting objects. It also offers advanced features such as taking pictures that automatically upload to the cloud! The addition of the Intel® Edison module is a nice choice for the brains of the device, supplying the processing power required to analyze images, allow remote control via Bluetooth*, and even connect to the Internet using Wi-Fi*. Assembly of the Devastator Robot Be sure to verify and familiarize yourself with all the parts before starting, and plan on a good two-three hours to complete the project. The instructions available online are fairly straightforward, but will require some focus. Parts required are: A small Phillips head and flat head ranging from 2-4mm. An adjustable wrench or needle nose pliers. Start by downloading the Devastator instructions from https://www.dfrobot.com/ (Search for Devastator). Select the Edison Edition. As of this writing, the part number is #ROB0125. After assembly, you will gain a deeper understanding of basic robotics construction from this amateur skill level project. By the end, you’ll be familiar with assembling axles, wheels, electronics, and two different types of motors to a common tank chassis. Start with the axles, followed by attachment of the two DC motors to the track drive sprockets. Do not put the tread (links) on until it is time for the rubber to meet the road. You will want to do a few tests in the shop before taking it out for the first time. Be sure to provide the recommended one cm clearance when attaching the axles to the base. This is mentioned in the instructions. Next, construct the battery pack and motherboard to the base plate. It is important to use the plastic standoffs that are provided to prevent any solder joints from touching metal, which would cause grounding, and might permanently damage the circuitry. Ground yourself, or just use common sense and handle the motherboard with caution. Finally, connect all the circuitry and prepare for lab bench testing. Take note of the pins you have attached during the construction process. Remember that for the Romeo board, the hardware PWM (Pulse Width Modulation) pins are 3, 5, 6, and 9. A nice touch before finishing is to apply electrical tape around some of the open leads, like the posts on the DC motors as seen in the picture. Another recommendation is to tie the wires together, making sure there are no open wires making grounds to the board. The table below summarizes the pinout I chose for this project. PWM pins are highlighted; 3, 5, 6, and 9. PIN DIGITAL GPIO CONNECTION 2 Presence Infrared 3 Turret Base Swivel Servo Motor 4 UltraSonic Range Finder (Comp) 5 Turret Top Tilt Servo Motor 6 Buzzer 7 Left LED Light 8 Right LED Light 9 UltraSonic Range Finder (Vcc, Gnd, PWM) 10 OPEN 11 OPEN 12 OPEN 13 OPEN At this point, you can chose to continue with or without webcam and distance detection support. The top panel can be attached with four M4 bolt/nut combos, or you can continue construction of the top turret, which is also referred to as the Hexa-Base Rotate Kit. This top piece is the foundation for the base servo and allows the top turret and attached sensors (webcam and distance detector) to rotate. Construction of the hexa-pod should take less than half an hour. Constructing the top Turret (Hexa-Pod) During construction of the turret, be sure to not install the screws deep enough to touch the servo. The design of the base and top servos make this a common error. Again, get comfortable with the overall construction of the tank to ensure that you understand all the working parts. Double check the wiring is connected correctly before closing everything up. If choosing to use the top Turret, it is recommended to take advantage of the additional power input jack. Doing this will help stabilize the additional drain caused by the servos as well as the increased power burst requirements that comes from using the Wi-Fi radio. Robotics Basics Before taking the robot out for a spin, let’s review a few basics to help gain an appreciation of what is under the hood, as well as solidify a basic understanding of the electronics involved with robotics. Voltage and Current Microcontrollers and accompanying components are typically rated to work on 5.0volts or 3.3volts, and run on currents of less than 1 ampere. A voltage represents the potential amount of energy available to a device at any given time. When working with electronics, it is important to understand how voltage and current differ to avoid potentially destroying devices. While the input voltage for a microcontroller board might be listed as 9-12 volts or higher, the operational and maximum voltage ratings of each of the components that are connected to the board is much less. A step down converter on the board is used to bring voltage levels down to a safe level. Applying more voltage than a device is rated for will cause the device to burn out and be potentially destroyed. The Romeo board for the Intel® Edison module is supplied with step down voltage converter already. More information can easily be found on Wikipedia*: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voltage_regulator_module While voltage represents the amount of potential energy, it is the current that represents the amount of electricity actually flows through a device at any given time. You may have heard the phrase "It’s not the voltage, but the current that will kill you". Voltage is by definition, only a potential of what energy is available at the source (wall or a battery for instance). Only when a circuit is formed does the actual electricity begin to flow and always at a flow rate that is controlled by a third factor called resistance. The most common medium for electrical circuits is copper wire, which has an extremely low resistance of about 8.82e-6 ohms for a one inch length of wire. As a comparison, the human skin has a resistance of 1000 Ω under the most extreme conditions (moist.) At around .01A (1 milliamp) you will be able to feel the effects of electricity, and 10mA muscle contraction can occur. Because most microcontrollers limit voltage to under 20 volts, there are no safety concerns with working with currents at these low levels. Drain All components will use (drain) as much current as required for them to operate. In the case of motors, the current requirements will increase as additional load is applied. Because of this, DC motors specifically will require an additional power supply with a higher voltage as compare with other components such as LEDs or sensors. When working with DC motors, always supply with a proper motor controller, and diode protection to avoid any back EMF induced when turning on and off the motors. More details on these topics can be found online by searching for "DC Motors" and "Back EMF." Examples of common voltage and current ranges: Device/Component DC Voltage Min/Max current Intel® Edison module 7v-15v 1A input     200mA draw (600mA during Wi-Fi bursts) Intel® Edison GPIO Pin @3.3v 1.8-3v Output 24mA Intel® Edison GPIO Pin @5v 1.8-3v Output 32mA Common LED 1.8-4v 20ma DC Brushed motor 6v-9v Depends on stall current   Actuators An actuator is something that can be controlled by the microcontroller. Some examples are motors, LEDs, and buzzers. The manner in which these components are controlled differs with each type of device. For instance, an LED can be turned on and off through a connection to a GPIO pin in combination with a current limiting resistor. Simply flowing current through the diode will cause it to emit light. The more current, the brighter the light. A motor however, is best controlled using a technique called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM), which toggles voltage to the motor in an on/off fashion as a very fast rate. PWM basics A DC motor is not supplied with a continuous flow of electrical current. It is powered using a technique called Pulse Width Modulation (PWM), which allows current to flow off and on very quickly. When using PWM, the on time of a motor is controlled using a combination of an underlying signal, which oscillates at a specific frequency, and something called the "duty cycle", which is the amount of time the signal is kept high (turned on) during oscillations of the wave. If a hardware based timer is known to provide a frequency of 1Hz (once per second), a light can be made to blink by setting the duty cycle to .5, which means that the light is on for half a second and off for the other half. Similarly the light can appear to blink slower, by leaving the signal high for a full second. The Servo Motor Similar to the DC motor, a servo motor operates the exact same way with the added ability that it can be positioned with accuracy to stop and hold in a given position. A nice introduction to Servo motors can be found here: Introduction to Servos Sensors Adding the ability to detect the presence of an object as well as how far away it is will make any robot smarter. Using standard GPIO pins, the PIR (Passive Infrared) can be used to detect a change in the electromagnetic field. Because all things emit radiation, this sensitive device has the ability to detect even small changes in light. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passive_infrared_sensor Another example of an excellent sensor is the ultrasonic range finder, which is a distance indicator. This sensor uses ultrasonic sound waves to determine the distance away an object is by bouncing a sound wave off of the object and detecting how long it takes to return. This is similar to the good old fashioned Radar used by police radar speed detectors, yet different because it uses sound waves instead of radio waves. This device is affordable, but only intended for short distance calculations under somewhat clean conditions, meaning no dust, dirt or snow. Tour of the Romeo board for Intel® Edison module The brains of the Devastator Robot, including the ability to move the motors, sense surroundings, and toggle lights, is provided in the Romeo development board. Packed with fourteen GPIO Pins (4 PWMs), a built in H-Bridge motor driver, SPI and I2C capabilities, dedicated connections for external power connections, and an Intel® Edison module, this platform is promising as a powerful board to power any starter mobile robotics projects. The beauty of this platform is in its expandability. Additional power and components can easily be added and mounted to the well-built chassis. For more information, visit DFRobot.com for a full schematic download of the Romeo board. Power The standard battery pack supplied with the DFRobot* Devastator kit is a 6x1.5 v AA battery pack which is 9V total source voltage. The maximum input voltage is capable of supporting up to 12V input for additional power. It is important to remember that while additional voltage can be supplied as input, the board itself will supply 3.3V on the GPIO Pins at any given time, and a separate controlled voltage for the motor controller circuit. A separate power jack labeled "Servo Power" can be attached to supply additional power for the servo control. While the entire platform will operate solely on the provided 9V (AA x 6) battery pack, you will find parallel operations such as directional DC motor movement, Servo panning, and Wi-Fi upload bursting will require just about all the 9V has to offer. The DC motor driver alone will use a constant current is 2A per motor a full source. Knowing these things in advance, it is highly recommended to invest in rechargeable batteries. A few good runs of the tank at full operation will quickly drain the rated 2,500 mAH of AA standard alkaline batteries. A nice addition would be to purchase a set of 9V rechargeable batteries, and supply a solid 18v for the input. In addition, the separate input power for the Servo jack is a nice option to source additional power to the board and offload some of the current drain from the main input. If choosing to attach the servo input, be sure to never exceed the input voltage of the servos and attached devices. Motor Control The DC motors are connected next to the power input jack, and as shown in the schematic, connect directly to an H-Bridge driver IC which performs the voltage biasing required for forward and reverse movement. While the Intel® Edison module is the main controller for the board, the motor controller IC is actually driven by an Atmel ATMega8 MCU. Separately, the servo motors are connected to the GPIO rail PWM dedicated Pins and are driven using timing signals typical with any Servo control. As mentioned in the previous section, if you chose to source additional voltage to the Servo input, be sure to not exceed the input that the Servo motors can handle. Data and Serial Connections On the opposite side of the board from the input power is the micro-USB connections. The first connection you will most likely use is the Serial connection, which is labeled COM. This port will provide the ability to connect into the Intel® Edison module and run a terminal shell session to do such things as configure the Edison, connect to Wi-Fi, and even configure and download additional software components from within the shell. It is not meant for data transfer.The second connection is the USB/OTG connection, which is the primary connection used when uploading Arduino* style sketches to the board. A tip is to leave the cables connected and remove from your computer when testing on the workbench. As with any physical connection, too much plugging and unplugging increases risks wearing out the input ports. You will find during the initial steps of testing that there will be a lot of connecting and disconnecting, so better to do on the ‘A’ connection to your PC instead of the micro side on the board. One additional connection that is worth mentioning at this time is the FTDI connection. You will be required to update the ATMega8 Firmware on your board to address a known issue related to I2C stability. This update is necessary to ensure your DC motors run properly, and will be covered in the following section. Firmware Coding To make things actually work, you must create software and upload to the Intel® Edison module. There are a few different ways this can be accomplished. First, because Intel® Edison module runs a Linux* operating system (Yocto Linux), one way is to simply write a C, C++, or Python* program and execute directly in the OS in the same manner as any other application that runs in any Linux OS. There are many libraries already available in the community to access all of the hardware on the Intel® Edison module. From simple GPIO pin access to Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, there are freely available libraries you can install and code against. You can simply create the program, and perform a standard make process to create the executable. A second way to program the Edison, and also the method described in this article, is using the well-known Arduino* libraries and IDE. Programming using Arduino is simple, and is accomplished on the Intel® Edison module using the CLLoader Arduino emulator which runs as a service in the Linux OS. This service is set to run by default on the Intel® Edison module, so no additional work is required to upload and run Arduino sketches. Simply connect your board and upload sketches just like any other Arduino compatible MCU platform. You can verify that the clloader process is running using a simple ps command in the Linux shell. To get started programming using Arduino, download the latest Arduino IDE from https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software Finally, the latest Intel XDK® offers the ability to upload sketches over Wi-Fi. The development language used by the XDK is Node JavaScript* (Node.JS*), and is growing constantly in the libraries and wrappers available. Applications are compiled and uploaded to a daemon process running directly on the Intel® Edison modulein a similar manner as the Arduino sketches, yet through a different service. Setup Before any peripheral testing, a good start is to ensure all of the firmware is up to date and drivers are installed. Connect the COM Port (Not the OTG port), and ensure it is visible and correct baud rates on the Serial COM Port by executing ‘Device Manager’ on Windows* and navigating to Ports. The connection is the default Serial connection and can be used to remote into the device and run a Linux shell session. Next, connect the Data OTG connection. This connection is how sketches and code is updated to the Intel® Edison module. Download Intel® Edison module Related Software Drivers and Setup https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/edison/downloads Firmware Flashtool https://software.intel.com/en-us/using-flash-tool-lite Finally, download the latest Poky image and run the flashtool to update the Intel® Edison module with the latest Linux image. https://software.intel.com/en-us/iot/hardware/edison/downloads Update ATMega8* MCU via FTDI connection This update is required to ensure your ATMega8 is fully up to date and specifically to ensure an I2C defect is fixed that was causing issues turning the motors! https://www.dfrobot.com/wiki/index.php/Romeo_for_Edison_Controller_SKU:_DFR0350#Atmega8_Firmware_Upgrade Configure Intel® Edison module Using PuTTY, connect using same serial settings identified on the port, and ssh as ‘root’ with no password. Be sure to hit enter to complete the connection. Download PuTTY from here: http://www.putty.org/ Run 'configure-edison -setup', and follow the prompts to complete the setup. You can optionally connect to Wi-Fi if it is available. Update the Intel® Edison module to allow sketches to load on boot The current distribution of the Poky image does not set the loader permissions correctly for the default script loader. This process is mandatory to ensure that the last image uploaded is executed on the next startup of the device. There are four files that need to be uploaded. Download the updated files https://github.com/gameswarp/edison-clloader Make a backup of your current files, and then transfer the downloaded files using WinSCP to /opt/edison folder. Download WinSCP: https://winscp.net/eng/download.php After the files are uploaded, select the new files and hit F9 to change the four files to executable. You can verify that the newly uploaded script is different by running the diff command, or simply manually verifying the changes. More details on this process can be found here: https://communities.intel.com/thread/77945 Importing Arduino* Libraries Arduino basics include the ability to connect and recognize the device, ensure the correct board drivers and libraries are installed, and any common library support is downloaded as well as installed in the correct location. Adding Library support is as simple as finding the code and copying the folder and files under your Arduino\library folder. The Arduino IDE also has an "Import As Zip" option, however sometimes this process does not work if the library supplier has not followed all of the correct processes and structure. The bottom line is adding libraries to Arduino is as simple as having the folder under the libraries folder. You will find also that most libraries come with an examples subfolder, which will nicely show up in your examples drop down under the Arduino IDE upon the next launch. For more information, you can reference the following link: https://www.arduino.cc/en/Reference/Libraries Setup Arduino IDE STEP 1: Ensure Arduino IDE is setup with Intel® Edison modulen i686 Board Support. This should already be available after installing the latest Arduino and following the Intel® Edison module setup installers. Ensure Intel® Edison module i696 Board Support is installed: [Tools--►Boards--►Board Manager] STEP 2: Install the DFRobot Library https://github.com/ouki-wang/Devastator-Tank-Mobile-Platform-with-Edison Copy the DevastatorEdison folder to your Arduino Library folder [SKETCH--►Include Library--►Manage Libraries]. Search for DFRobot, and click Install button. STEP 3: Run a quick test To verify the DFRobot library support is available, create a quick sketch and reference the classes provided by the library. If the following code compiles, you are ready to start the pre-launch testing of the device. If the code does not compile, try restarting the Arduino IDE or manually verifying that the library is installed correctly. #include <DFRobot.h>
#include <IIC1.h>

DFrobotEdison leftMotor;
void setup() {}
void loop() {} Pre-Launch Testing Before releasing the Devastator robot for testing, it is recommended to code a basic set of bare bones tests to ensure the functionality is correct. Performing this up front stabilization effort will allow you to identify defects early, and result in a quicker turnaround time for future feature development. Basic Tests Control the motor – Forward, Reverse, Left, and Right Turns Turn lights on Sound Buzzer Object detection Overall, be sure to take testing slow and never run the motors at full speed or angles until you have validated a smaller range of operation. For this project, a good set of test cases would include ensuring that each of the components are operational. It is very helpful to add Serial.print() commands to output expected behavior to the console for logging. Again, doing all this up front will raise your confidence before taking it out into the environment. One of the boxes provided in the DFRobot kit (The Electric Parts Accessories Box) serves as a nice base with plenty of wheel clearance for the DFRobot pre-launch testing with and without the track attached. EXAMPLE APIs IsObjectDetected() SoundBuzzer() FlashLights() StopMotors() TurnLeft() TurnRight() SetDirection() GoStraight() TurnAround() Backup() StartupWarning() SENSOR TEST /*
* This example will test the following items:
*  - PIR Sensor
*  - Left and Right LEDs
*  - Buzzer
*  OVERVIEW:
*    On Presence, flash lights and emit tone.
*    Tone should change each time PIR is triggered
*
*   Matt Chandler
*   Intel, Corp.
*   December 2016
*/

byte presencePin = 2;
byte leftLED = 7;
byte rightLED = 8;
byte buzzerPin = 6;
bool buzzerOn=true;

void setup() {
pinMode(presencePin, INPUT);
pinMode(leftLED, OUTPUT);
pinMode(rightLED, OUTPUT);
pinMode(buzzerPin, OUTPUT); 
Serial.begin(9600);
}

void loop(){

  if (IsObjectDetected())
  {
    flashLights();
    soundBuzzer();
  }
}
bool IsObjectDetected()
{
  return digitalRead(presencePin)==1 ? true:false;
}
void soundBuzzer()
{
  if (!buzzerOn)
    return;
  int delay=200;
  unsigned int buzzerTone = 100;
  for(int i=0;i<4;i++)
  {
    tone(buzzerPin, buzzerTone, delay);
  }
  noTone(buzzerPin);
}
void flashLights()
{
  digitalWrite(leftLED,1);
  delay(200);
  digitalWrite(leftLED,0);
  delay(500);
  digitalWrite(rightLED,1);
  delay(200);
  digitalWrite(rightLED,0);
} MOTOR TEST /*
 * Sample DFRobot Motor Tests
 * 
 * goStraight(), turnLeft(), turnRight(), stopMotors()
 * 
 * Matt Chandler
 * Intel, Corp.
 * December, 2016
*/
#include <DFRobot.h>
#include <IIC1.h>

DFrobotEdison leftMotor;
DFrobotEdison rightMotor;

bool directionToggle = false;
byte currentSpeedRight = 0;
byte currentSpeedLeft = 0;
byte leftLED = 7;
byte rightLED = 8;

byte DIRECTION_LEFT = 0;
byte DIRECTION_RIGHT = 1;

byte startupDelaySeconds = 5;

void setup() {
  leftMotor.begin(M2);
  rightMotor.begin(M1);
  pinMode(leftLED, OUTPUT);
  pinMode(rightLED, OUTPUT);
  Serial.begin(9600);
}

void loop(){ 
  startupWarning();
  goStraight(150, 2);//speed, distance
  turnLeft(45, 2);
  goStraight(150, 2);//speed, distance
  turnRight(45, 2);
  goStraight(150, 2);//speed, distance
  stopMotors();
  backup(150,2);
}
void startupWarning()
{
  stopMotors();
  Serial.println("");
  Serial.print("Getting ready in ");
  Serial.print(startupDelaySeconds);
  Serial.println(" seconds");
  for (int i=startupDelaySeconds; i > 0; i--)
  {
    Serial.print(" ");
    Serial.print(i);
    digitalWrite(leftLED,1);
    digitalWrite(rightLED,1);
    delay(500);
    digitalWrite(leftLED,0);
    digitalWrite(rightLED,0);
    delay(500);
  }
  Serial.println("");
  Serial.println("GO!!");
}
void setDirection(const uint8_t dir)
{
    leftMotor.setDirection(dir);
    rightMotor.setDirection(dir);
}
void goStraight(byte speed)
{
  stopMotors();
  setDirection(ANTICLOCKWISE);
  leftMotor.setSpeed(speed);
  rightMotor.setSpeed(speed);
}
void stopMotors()
{
  leftMotor.stop();
  rightMotor.stop();
  delay(1000);
}
void goStraight(byte speed, int durationSeconds)
{
  Serial.println(" ");
  Serial.println("Going straight");
  currentSpeedRight = speed;
  currentSpeedLeft = speed;
  delay(500);
  goStraight(speed);
  delay(durationSeconds*1000);
}
void backup(byte speed, int durationSeconds)
{
  stopMotors();
  setDirection(CLOCKWISE);
  leftMotor.setSpeed(speed);
  rightMotor.setSpeed(speed);
  delay(durationSeconds*1000);
}
void turnLeft(byte angle, int durationSeconds)
{
  turn(DIRECTION_LEFT, angle, durationSeconds*1000);
}
void turnRight(byte angle, int durationSeconds)
{
  turn(DIRECTION_RIGHT, angle, durationSeconds*1000);
}
void turn(byte direction, byte angle, byte durationMS)
{
  DFrobotEdison motor;
  String directionText;
  byte directionPin;

  //Ensure going straight first
  byte currentSpeed = currentSpeedLeft = currentSpeedRight;

  if (direction == DIRECTION_LEFT)
  {
    directionText = "Left";
    motor = leftMotor;  
    directionPin = leftLED;  
  }
  else
  {
    directionText = "Right";
    motor = rightMotor;
    directionPin = rightLED;
  }
  delay(500);

  digitalWrite(directionPin,1);
  // Take current right speed and lower left motor by mapped value

  //Convert angle to speed where 0 is straight ahead
  byte newSpeed = map(angle, 0, 90, 0, currentSpeed);
  Serial.print("Turning ");
  Serial.print(directionText);
  Serial.print(" at angle ");
  Serial.print(angle);
  Serial.print("Current Speed: ");
  Serial.println(currentSpeed);
  Serial.print("New speed: ");
  Serial.println(newSpeed);
  delay(250);
  
  motor.setSpeed(newSpeed);
  Serial.print("Turning ");
  Serial.print(directionText);
  Serial.print(" now for ");
  Serial.print(durationMS/1000);
  Serial.println(" seconds.");
  delay(durationMS);
  digitalWrite(directionPin,0);
  Serial.println("");
} Hit the Road Now that some basic tests have passed, your robot is ready to complete construction. Before starting this final step, it is recommended to upload an empty sketch or a simple light blink test to avoid any previous motor code from executing when you turn the tank on. Turn off the battery, and then attach the tracks to the sprockets on each side of the tank carefully. Flash one of the test movement sketches from the previous section, disconnect the USB, and set your tank on the ground. Turn the battery switch on to begin execution of the sketch! Here is a very basic sketch that will kick start your exploration. I recommend to always execute a motorOff() call before reversing directions, and encourage you to modify the code and have fun. ON DEMAND PARADE /*
 * Sample DFRobot Motor and Lights test
 * 
 * Wait for PIR Sensor detection
 * Go Forward
 * Turn Around 2 x 180'
 * Return to position by backing up
 * If object is detected in rear, attempt to go around it by altering angle
 * 
 * 
 * 
 * Matt Chandler
 * Intel, Corp.
 * December, 2016
*/
#include <DFRobot.h>
#include <IIC1.h>

bool testFlag = false;

DFrobotEdison leftMotor;
DFrobotEdison rightMotor;
byte presencePin = 2;
byte leftLED = 7;
byte rightLED = 8;

bool directionToggle = false;
byte currentSpeedRight = 0;
byte currentSpeedLeft = 0;

byte DIRECTION_LEFT = 0;
byte DIRECTION_RIGHT = 1;

byte startupDelaySeconds = 5;

double turnAroundTimeSeconds = 4;
byte turnAroundSpeed = 100;
byte buzzerPin = 6;
bool buzzerOn=true;



void setup() {
  leftMotor.begin(M1);
  rightMotor.begin(M2);
  pinMode(leftLED, OUTPUT);
  pinMode(rightLED, OUTPUT);
  Serial.begin(9600);
}

void loop(){ 
  
  stopMotors();
  if (IsObjectDetected())
  {
    startupWarning();
    if(testFlag)
    {
      turnAround();
      stopMotors();
    }
    else
    {
        goStraight(200, 6);//speed, distance
        turnAround(); //180
        goStraight(200, 2);//speed, distance
        turnAround();
        backup(200,8); //Go backwards
        if(IsObjectDetected())
        {
          soundBuzzer();
          backup(200,4);
          Serial.println("Object Detected");
          goStraight(200, 2);//speed, distance
          turnLeft(45, 4);
          turnRight(45, 4);
          goStraight(200, 3);//speed, distance
        }
        turnAround();
    }
  }
}
void startupWarning()
{
  Serial.println("");
  Serial.print("Getting ready in ");
  Serial.print(startupDelaySeconds);
  Serial.println(" seconds");
  for (int i=startupDelaySeconds; i > 0; i--)
  {
    Serial.print(" ");
    Serial.print(i);
    digitalWrite(leftLED,1);
    digitalWrite(rightLED,1);
    delay(500);
    digitalWrite(leftLED,0);
    digitalWrite(rightLED,0);
    delay(500);
  }
  Serial.println("");
  Serial.println("GO!!");
  soundBuzzer();
}
void setDirection(const uint8_t dir)
{
    leftMotor.setDirection(dir);
    rightMotor.setDirection(dir);
}
void goStraight(byte speed)
{
  stopMotors();
  rightMotor.setDirection(ANTICLOCKWISE);
  leftMotor.setDirection(ANTICLOCKWISE);
  delay(500);
  leftMotor.setSpeed(speed);
  rightMotor.setSpeed(speed);
}
void backup(byte speed, int durationSeconds)
{
  stopMotors();
  rightMotor.setDirection(CLOCKWISE);
  leftMotor.setDirection(CLOCKWISE);
  leftMotor.setSpeed(speed);
  rightMotor.setSpeed(speed);
  delay(durationSeconds*1000);
}

void stopMotors()
{
  Serial.println("Stopping motors");
  leftMotor.stop();
  rightMotor.stop();
  delay(3000);
}
void goStraight(byte speed, int durationSeconds)
{
  Serial.println(" ");
  Serial.println("Going straight");
  currentSpeedRight = speed;
  currentSpeedLeft = speed;
  goStraight(speed);
  delay(durationSeconds*1000);
}
void turnLeft(byte angle, int durationSeconds)
{
  turn(DIRECTION_LEFT, angle, durationSeconds*1000);
}
void turnRight(byte angle, int durationSeconds)
{
  turn(DIRECTION_RIGHT, angle, durationSeconds*1000);
}
void turnAround()
{
  stopMotors();
  Serial.println("Turning around");
  leftMotor.setDirection(CLOCKWISE);
  rightMotor.setDirection(ANTICLOCKWISE);
  rightMotor.setSpeed(turnAroundSpeed);
  leftMotor.setSpeed(turnAroundSpeed);
  delay(turnAroundTimeSeconds*1000);
  stopMotors();
  Serial.println("Turned around");
  rightMotor.setDirection(ANTICLOCKWISE);
  rightMotor.setDirection(ANTICLOCKWISE);
}
void turn(byte direction, byte angle, int durationMS)
{
  if (angle==90)
  {
    Serial.println("Angle is 90, turning around");
    turnAround();
    return;
  }
  DFrobotEdison turningMotor;
  DFrobotEdison oppositeMotor;
  String directionText;
  byte directionPin;

  //Ensure going straight first
  byte currentSpeed = currentSpeedLeft = currentSpeedRight;

  if (direction == DIRECTION_LEFT)
  {
    directionText = "Left";
    turningMotor = leftMotor;  
    oppositeMotor = rightMotor;
    directionPin = leftLED;  
  }
  else
  {
    directionText = "Right";
    turningMotor = rightMotor;
    oppositeMotor = leftMotor;
    directionPin = rightLED;
  }
  delay(1000);

  digitalWrite(directionPin,1);
  // Take current right speed and lower left motor by mapped value

  //Convert angle to speed where 0 is straight ahead
  byte newSpeedOfTurningMotor = map(angle, 0, 90, 0, currentSpeed);
  Serial.print("Turning ");
  Serial.print(directionText);
  Serial.print(" at angle ");
  Serial.println(angle);
  Serial.print("Current Speed: ");
  Serial.println(currentSpeed);
  Serial.print("New speed: ");
  Serial.println(newSpeedOfTurningMotor);
  delay(250);
  turningMotor.setSpeed(newSpeedOfTurningMotor);
  Serial.print("Turning ");
  Serial.print(directionText);
  Serial.print(" now for ");
  Serial.print(durationMS/1000);
  Serial.println(" seconds.");
  delay(durationMS);
  digitalWrite(directionPin,0);
  Serial.println("");
  turningMotor.setSpeed(currentSpeed);
  oppositeMotor.setSpeed(currentSpeed);
}
bool IsObjectDetected()
{
  return digitalRead(presencePin)==1 ? true:false;
}
void flashLights(byte seconds)
{
  for (int i=0;i<seconds;i++)
  {
    digitalWrite(leftLED,1);
    delay(200);
    digitalWrite(leftLED,0);
    delay(seconds);
    digitalWrite(rightLED,1);
    delay(200);
    digitalWrite(rightLED,0);
  }
}
void soundBuzzer()
{
  if (!buzzerOn)
    return;
  int delay=200;
  unsigned int buzzerTone = 100;
  for(int i=0;i<4;i++)
  {
    tone(buzzerPin, buzzerTone, delay);
  }
  noTone(buzzerPin);
} Advanced Maneuvers Now that the robot is moving around, you can get more creative by enhancing code in your Arduino code base, or branch out to some of the different development options mentioned in the previous section. One development option is to dig into the mraa (pronounced "m-rah") Linux libraries directly through C development or by using JavaScript wrappers in the Intel XDK®. By moving to the Intel XDK®, you will be able to program the device wirelessly,which is a very nice feature that will remove the need to be connected to the device for classic Arduino sketch uploads. For more advanced features, including mraa discussions as well as Wi-Fi camera capabilities, check out these additional articles: https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/programming-robotics-using-the-intel-xdk-nodejs-and-mraa-library https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/using-the-intel-edison-module-to-control-robots About the Author Matt Chandler is a senior software engineer at Intel working on scale enabling projects for Internet of Things. References Arduino* download https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software DFRobot* Product Description https://www.dfrobot.com/wiki/index.php/Romeo_for_Edison_Controller_SKU:_DFR0350 WinSCP Download – For Secure File Transfer https://winscp.net/eng/download.php PuTTY Download – For Secure shell access to the Edison http://www.putty.org/ Passive Infrared Detection (PID) Sensor Wiki https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Passive_infrared_sensor Ensure sketches are saved - Fix to a known image with Poky distro as of June 2016 https://communities.intel.com/thread/77945 Introduction to Servos http://www.sciencebuddies.org/science-fair-projects/project_ideas/Robotics_ServoMotors.shtml Sample Buzzer Code https://www.arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/ToneMelody?from=Tutorial.Tone USB OTG Connection https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/USB_On-The-Go Notices No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document. Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in trade. This document contains information on products, services and/or processes in development. All information provided here is subject to change without notice. Contact your Intel representative to obtain the latest forecast, schedule, specifications and roadmaps. The products and services described may contain defects or errors known as errata which may cause deviations from published specifications. Current characterized errata are available on request. Copies of documents which have an order number and are referenced in this document may be obtained by calling 1-800-548-4725 or by visiting www.intel.com/design/literature.htm. Intel, the Intel logo, and Intel RealSense are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and/or other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others **This sample source code is released under the Intel Sample Source Code License Agreement. © 2016 Intel Corporation. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro Open Source Software: Security Risks and Best Practices Pro Keeping Up With PHP Using the Intel® Edison platform to make a video rover car 10 Ways to Boost COBOL Application Development Using the Intel® Edison Module to Control Robots Announcing Ubuntu and Wind River Pulsar support with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0 Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next Great Article !! shanav asija21-Dec-16 23:20 shanav asija 21-Dec-16 23:20  Thanks for sharing this, I would really like to get into AI programming someday !! Leaving behind the monotonous office work at bay (programming since last 10-11 years ) Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 2-Jan-17 11:51 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 19 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel's Joule 550x computer ships, but initial units heavily overpriced Intel's Joule 550x computer ships, but initial units heavily overpriced Intel's Joule 550x is available for $349 at Mouser and $291 at Newegg, which are huge markups Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 03:30 - - - - print email Comments Intel is now shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of Raspberry Pi. The board was announced in August but didn't ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. But at prices of up to US$349, the Joule 550x costs about 10 times more than Raspberry Pi 3. The board is now available from online retailer Mouser. It is available for $291 on Newegg. Intel's recommended price for Joule 550x is $149 to $159, so Mouser is asking for a heavy premium for the computer board. The Joule 550x will provide ample computing power to people building powerful robots, drones, or electronics. Using boards available before the retail release, some Joule-based robots and devices, like Microsoft's voice recognizing Bamboo robot, have already been made, and others like bartending robots are on the way. The board also has the computing power to be used as a Linux PC, and it has integrated graphics, memory, storage and Wi-Fi on board. A virtual reality headset can also be built with the Joule 550x. The Joule 550x is a watered down version of Intel's Joule 570x board, which has a faster processor and more memory. The Intel board beats Raspberry Pi 3 on features. The Joule 550x has a quad-core Atom T5500 processor based on the Broxton chip architecture, 8GB of storage, 3GB of LPDDR4 memory, two USB 3.0 ports, dual-antenna 802.11ac Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. It also has the usual interfaces like I2S, GPIO, and UART found on popular development boards. The computer can be used to make IoT devices and supports major operating systems like embedded Linux and Windows 10 IoT Core. Raspberry Pi 3 and Qualcomm's Snapdragon 410c also support major OSes. While consumer-focused robots are cool, Intel hopes the usage of Joule expands in the enterprise. Powerful graphics capabilities are needed for tasks like product inspection. The processing capabilities of such a board could also to automate engineering tasks. Intel ultimately hopes to increase shipments of IoT chips after abandoning Atom chips in the mobile and tablet markets. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelLinuxMicrosoftQualcommRaspberry Pi Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Obtaining ROI from HPE Operations Bridge Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW IT Field Engineer NSW Senior iOS Developer NSW Senior .Net Developer VIC Project Manager-Workforce Management NSW Program Support Officer NSW Project Manager NSW WebMethod Developer QLD Benefits Manager NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Should Google buy Slack to bridge messaging gap? 4 information security threats that will dominate 2017 Will site blocking stop internet pirates in Australia? In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
12,668,657 members (33,399 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as IoT Stats 1.1K views Posted 19 Dec 2016 Intel® Ultimate Coder Challenge for IoT: What is Team Agro Hackers Up to Now? Intel Corporation, 19 Dec 2016 CPOL    0.00 (No votes) Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. Now that the eight-week Intel® Ultimate Coder Challenge for IoT is complete, teams continue developing and expanding their projects into the commercial sector. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Team Agro Hackers Takes Farming to the Next Level Now that the eight-week Intel® Ultimate Coder Challenge for IoT is complete, teams continue developing and expanding their projects into the commercial sector. Key to this progress is the Intel® IoT Developer Kit, which streamlines the path to product by providing hardware, software and tools in an easy-to-use package. Five global teams selected from over 180 submissions went head-to-head developing innovative commercial IoT solutions using Intel® IoT technology to address real-world issues. During the competition, teams posted their progress to encourage feedback from judges and other developers. In August, Team IoT Vaidya captured Grand Prize in the competition with their Cognitive Healthcare System for Rural Areas. The project enabled patients from remote areas with access to a medical diagnostic monitoring system utilizing an IoT solution which feeds data to the cloud for analysis and diagnosis. Each team overcame challenges and obstacles to complete their projects and expand on a larger scale. To learn more about the Agro Hackers and their project, you can view their video presentation from the competition. In this update, learn how Team Agro Hackers re-focused their efforts and redesigned their device to further refine their project to be an even more game changing IoT solution. Taking Farm Connect to a New Level Team Agro Hackers, led by Kalaileesha Letchumanan is taking their Farm Connect project to a new level – by now integrating their design to be used with drone technology! During the final field test they realized using a drone as a monitoring vehicle would not only speed up detection, but expand crop coverage. As a result, they are in the process of building their own drone which carries a camera and sensor modules and is powered with an IA-based Arduino 101* as the controller for the drone. Their autonomous Dragon drone will be the next generation farming tool for improved crop management. Project Methodologies Farm Connect’s focus is aimed at pest and disease monitoring and control via a digital image-based IoT solution. The Crop Disease Monitoring Unit of the solution monitors crop growth on a daily basis and can detect signs of disease. Beyond detection, the IoT solution can identify and classify the crop disease then recommend suitable solutions using machine learning techniques. In the redesign, Farm Connect captures an image from the High Definition Camera which is then input into the Crop Disease Identification and Classification Algorithm. The Crop Disease Identification and Classification Algorithm will pre-process the input image; identify the infected part, and then extract the required features. These extracted features are sent to a cloud server via a gateway. Based on a decision engine in the cloud server, the best solution for the infected crops is provided. The crop images are then stored in the cloud server for future reference. Tips Based on the Experience Team Agro Hackers created a high-level framework for agriculture applications. By following a top-down approach and sub dividing the classifications, the process provides a clear picture of the agriculture industry and helped to quickly identify key problem areas. The intent was to target the areas of disease and pest management. By creating a framework to identify the key problems, the solutions became much easier to process. and more applicable to other crop types and geographical locations. The design model standardizes IoT-based agriculture applications and creates an end to end framework which the developer community can easily apply to other agriculture stages such as Resource Management, Crop Management, and Pest/Disease Management. Key Learnings Team Agro Hackers has explored many approaches in solving agriculture issues. To address pest and disease management, they used a bot concept to explore crops and to gather data by refining their concept to be used with a drone. The approach sped up detection and expanded crop coverage. Team Agro Hackers not only addressed the issues at hand, but set up the flexibility to tackle future problems farmers may face in agricultural management. Learn more about the project focuses for the five teams from Germany, India and the USA and the winning projects: Retail: Team Proximarket - SmartCart Healthcare: Team Vaidya - Cognitive Healthcare System for Rural Areas Environmental / Agricultural: Team Agro Hackers - FarmConnect Automotive / Transportation: Team Whirlwind - TransitIQ Home Automation / Smart Buildings: Team Geras - DIY Smarthomes for Aging in Place For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our Optimization Notice. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro Finding Hard-to-Reproduce Bugs with Reverse Debugging Pro Open Source Software: Security Risks and Best Practices Intel® IoT Roadshow Taipei, Taiwan Building a Robotic Platform Using the Intel® Edison Module Biometric Locker- Intel Edison Based IoT Secured Locker With Cloud Based Voice and Face Biometric Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 19 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,668,657 members (33,399 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as AzureIoT Stats 3.6K views Posted 19 Dec 2016 Learning About Microsoft Azure IoT Gateway SDK Modules Intel Corporation, 19 Dec 2016 CPOL    0.00 (No votes) Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. The Microsoft Azure IoT Gateway SDK gives you a myriad of tools that allow you to enable gateway devices in multiple ways. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Introduction The Microsoft Azure* IoT Gateway SDK gives you a myriad of tools that allow you to enable gateway devices in multiple ways. It can also enable almost any device with an internet connection to become a gateway. It works for both Windows* and Linux* development environments that have the ability to compile C and C++ code. It’s also extremely modular, having a lightweight core to drive the modules you can include within it. This core handles how the modules communicate with each other, apathetic of the environment it’s in. This broker is the key to having effective modules, and an overall effective gateway. It also simplifies communicating with the Microsoft Azure* cloud service. Modules The SDK includes several modules by default, which can help you understand their structure, application, and communication. They can also provide a good testbed for a gateway, or your custom modules. To begin we will take a look at some of the modules created by Microsoft, and how they play in to the SDK as a whole. Each module is "wrapped" differently depending on whether it’s being used in a Windows or Linux development environment, but is otherwise the same. hello_world The hello_world module is designed to output a simple "hello world" message to the systems log. The majority of the code is error checking, to ensure the environment is properly setup by the core features of the SDK before executing. This module is a publisher, this means its goal is to publish messages to the broker, which can then send the message to whoever needs it. In this case it simply sends "helloWorld", "from Azure IoT Gateway SDK simple sample!" to the broker, but other modules could send sensor information, or instructions. Logger The Logger module is another simple module, which listens to the broker for any messages, before saving them to a JSON file. The logger does not output any data to the broker, but instead retains all data that has been through the broker. It appends several things to them, like the time of the event the content and the origin of the message, before appending it to the specified JSON log file. This simple module is good to use for error checking, as it can show you in real time, the series of events that lead to an unexpected output. Building Your "Gateway" The SDK has a built in function to build your gateway. Of course it doesn’t assemble the hardware through magic blue smoke. Instead it builds the object that acts as a configuration for the SDK to properly interact with modules and hardware. This function takes input in the form of a JSON file, which needs to instruct the program which modules to include, and how the broker needs to act towards them. Modules The module portion of the JSON file must include three things. Firstly, the modules name, which must be unique in your SDK. The next field that must be filled out is the path of the module. This path must end in .so or .dll, depending on the operating system your using for your gateway. Finally you must enter the arguments your module is expecting. Modules like the logger expects an argument for the file it’s meant to output to. The hello_world module expects no arguments, and therefore you pass it "null". Links This section of the JSON is used to instruct the broker on how to handle messages that are sent to it. Source modules are designated to send messages to the broker. Modules designated as sinks accept messages from the broker. In the case of the "Hello World" sample, the hello_world module is designated a source, and the logger module a sink. Below is an example of a JSON to build the gateway environment on a Linux host machine, taken from the Azure IoT Gateway SDK github. Conclusion A developer wishing to design their own module must look through the current modules provided by Microsoft. This article should have given you a good idea of the relationship between modules and the core of the SDK. Upon building your own modules, you need to take into consideration how they are going to react, and be applied in the world of the SDK, and the broker. The true power of a module lies in how it communicates to other modules to do what they need to. So go out there and design your own modules, test them out, and make your gateways act the exact way you want them to! Resources The primary source for this documentation is the Azure IoT Gateway SDK GitHub page. For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our Optimization Notice. License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro Mobile App Playbook Pro Reduce Your Open Source Security Risk: Strategies, Tactics, and Tools BabyZen - IoT with Azure Visual COBOL New Release: Small point. Big deal ​Using Microsoft Azure IoT Suite with Intel® IoT Devices and Gateways Building a Robotic Platform Using the Intel® Edison Module Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 19 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
12,668,657 members (33,399 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions C++ questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Internet of Things » Boards / Embedded devices » Sponsored Articles   Article Alternatives Comments Add your own alternative version Tagged as IoT Stats 1.1K views Posted 19 Dec 2016 What is the Intel® Software Innovator Program? A Quick Look Intel Corporation, 19 Dec 2016 CPOL    0.00 (No votes) Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. Intel created this program in order to build relationships with software developers out in the real world creating everything from interactive virtual reality games to new devices to assist people with disabilities. Editorial Note This article is for our sponsors at CodeProject. These articles are intended to provide you with information on products and services that we consider useful and of value to developers Get access to the new Intel® IoT Developer Kit, a complete hardware and software solution that allows developers to create exciting new solutions with the Intel® Galileo and Intel® Edison boards. Visit the Intel® Developer Zone for IoT. Intel® Software Innovator Program Did you know that Intel® offers a program specifically designed to support independent developers in using the latest technology and open source software to bring their ideas to life? Intel created this program in order to build relationships with software developers out in the real world creating everything from interactive virtual reality games to new devices to assist people with disabilities. The projects being created are at the forefront of technology today. What is the Innovator Program? The Intel® Software Innovator program supports innovative, independent developers who display an ability to create and demonstrate forward-looking projects by providing them with speaking and demonstration opportunities at industry events and developer gatherings. Through their expertise and innovation with cutting-edge technology, Intel Software Innovators demonstrate a spirit of ingenuity, experimentation, and progressive thinking that inspires the greater developer community. The video above explains a bit more about the Innovator Program and features some of the amazing innovators that Intel works with. What are Innovators Doing? Hacking Disability with Intel® RealSense™ Technology Paulo Pinheiro is using Intel® RealSense™ technology to develop a hands-free solution to control robotic wheelchairs. He has designed Wheelie to recognize facial expressions and translate these movements into wheelchair commands. This project can make a very real difference to people with limited mobility that are not able to operate the wheelchair’s joystick. Augmented Reality - Now with Tanks Tanked! is an arcade-style one-on-one tank battle game that Nathan Greiner developed on the foundation of Unity 3D and combines a custom built sand table, the Intel® RealSense™ camera 3D R200 and a projector to create a game in which players can manipulate the landscape of the game map with their hands. The players begin by building a virtual environment using real world sand as a haptic input device. The players maneuver their tanks across the dynamically generated terrain using valleys and mountains to their advantage changing their own cannon’s trajectory as well as dodging opponents’ artillery. Use Virtual Reality to Create Your Own Music Let go of the physical limitations of traditional musical instruments and create ones that are completely unique and made purely of the imagination with Shapesong created by Ryan Clark of Chronosapian Interactive. This game gives users the experience of playing and creating music and sharing those performances both inside and outside of VR. By creating your own instrument, playing music can be as simple or as complex as you want, and can be tailored exactly to your ability and style. Anyone Can Build A Robot, Even You With a goal of squeezing years of autonomous robot research into affordable consumer platforms, Martin Wojtczyk of Cubotix Rover, has taken the complexity out of robotics software enabling anybody who can drive a car to use their robots. This award-winning autonomous mobile platform utilizes a depth sensor for scene awareness, the compute power of a laptop for image processing and path planning, and the latest LEGO EV3 set to create a service robot for everyone. Using Intel® RealSense™ Technology to Help the Blind See Silviu Serban employs Intel® RealSense™ technology to provide a series of accessibility features for visually impaired individuals, empowering them to perform actions and tasks with more confidence and ease. The HELIOS headgear comes in 2 models, one for individuals with severe or complete blindness and another for those with low vision. These five innovator projects are just a small sample of the many varied things that our innovators are working on. Intel encourages independent software developers to keep working towards the next big invention, enhancement or breakthrough. What does it mean to be an Innovator? Being an Innovator means that you want to actively participate in using Intel technology and support to design innovative projects and present those projects to others. Innovators are expected to leverage the insights and content Intel is able to provide into updates and communications to their communities. Innovators may have early access to information about upcoming technology to be released as well as support to attend tradeshows, conferences, and hackathons where they can valuable participants. What does Intel look for in potential Innovators? Intel is looking for software developers are creating innovative, quality projects that leverage current Intel technologies in application development, Internet of Things (IoT) projects and inventions, game development and new use cases in Virtual Reality (VR), and Artificial Intelligence (IA) models or agents built for performance. Innovators should be skilled in presenting their work in an engaging manner with experience in speaking, demonstrating, and responding to a live developer audience (such as trade shows, meetups, webinars, hackathons, codefests, and social media). Want to learn more? You can read about our innovator updates, get the full program overview, meet the innovators and learn more about innovator benefits. We also encourage you to check out Developer Mesh to learn more about the various projects that our community of innovators are working on. Interested in more information? Contact us on Twitter - Bob Duffy and Wendy Boswell License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Code Project Open License (CPOL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Intel Corporation United States You may know us for our processors. But we do so much more. Intel invents at the boundaries of technology to make amazing experiences possible for business and society, and for every person on Earth. Harnessing the capability of the cloud, the ubiquity of the Internet of Things, the latest advances in memory and programmable solutions, and the promise of always-on 5G connectivity, Intel is disrupting industries and solving global challenges. Leading on policy, diversity, inclusion, education and sustainability, we create value for our stockholders, customers and society. Group type: Organisation 3 members You may also be interested in... Pro The Business Case for Earlier Software Defect Detection and Compliance Pro Open Source Support Report Interview with Intel® Software Innovator Peach Pellen Building a Robotic Platform Using the Intel® Edison Module The Standalone Programmer: Innovative Software Development Announcing Ubuntu and Wind River Pulsar support with Intel® IoT Developer Kit 5.0 Comments and Discussions     -- There are no messages in this forum -- Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web02 | 2.8.161229.1 | Last Updated 19 Dec 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Intel Corporation Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2017 Layout: fixed | fluid
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Innovation 7 autonomous vehicle partnerships that will shape the future From Uber's purchase of Otto to Intel, Mobileye, and Delphi teaming up on autonomous tech, partnerships are defining the driverless vehicles of the future. By Hope Reese | December 19, 2016, 8:34 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Uber released a self-driving test fleet on the streets of Pittsburgh, PA, in September 2016. Image credit: Uber It's been a major year in the driverless tech space, with the US government introducing the first-ever guidelines on autonomous vehicle development, ride-sharing giant Uber unveiling self-driving fleets to the public in Pittsburgh and San Francisco, and Tesla announcing that all new vehicles will have the hardware required for full autonomy. Beyond the announcements of any single automaker, tech company, or regulator, is a larger trend: A rush for the big players in the auto world to partner up with the tech that can help make driverless vehicles a reality. Here's a list of TechRepublic's top seven partnerships in the autonomous vehicle world. 1. General Motors invests $500 million into Lyft In January, one of the top three auto companies in the US made what the New York Times reported as the "single largest direct investment by an auto manufacturer into a ride-hailing company." The move also aimed to spur the collaboration of an on-demand fleet of driverless cars. It is likely that Lyft and GM may have some kind of announcement about the progress of this fleet in early 2017. 2. General Motors buys Cruise In a second big announcement from GM, the automaker purchased Cruise Automation, a San Francisco-based startup, for reportedly over $1 billion in March. Cruise Automation is part of GM's recently founded Autonomous Vehicle Development Team, based in San Francisco. More about Innovation #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health, because traditional systems have failed them Diabetics have been waiting for years for better technology to manage their condition. Some got tired of waiting and hacked together an open source hardware and software solution. This is their story. Read more 3. Fiat Chrysler announces partnership with Google In a departure for Google, which had previously been working on developing its own autonomous car, the tech giant announced a partnership with Fiat Chrysler in May—its first direct collaboration with an automaker. The project, intended to develop self-driving minivans, will use sensors and computer systems from Google. 4. Mobileye, Delphi, and Intel team up to develop driverless car tech In August, two major driverless tech developers announced a groundbreaking alliance, aiming to deliver a tech package for level 4 autonomous vehicles that would be ready by 2019. Mobileye, an advanced visions system for the cars, had previously partnered with Tesla, and is now helping fuel driverless tech in GM, Nissan, VW, and other carmakers. And, in November, Intel joined the duo. Driverless car tech is likely to require huge amounts of processing power, so the team will use Intel's Core i7 chip to help vehicles scan the roads. SEE: Our autonomous future: How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust 5. Ford acquired Israeli startup, Saips In August, Ford CEO Mark Fields made a major announcement: The auto giant would mass produce fully-autonomous, steering wheel-free vehicles, by 2021. To enable this development, the company purchased an Israeli company that specialized in machine learning and computer vision. As John Dolan, principal systems scientist in the Robotics Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, recently told TechRepublic, "a major trend is the more intensive application of machine learning to autonomous driving." 6. Volvo and Uber teamed up on autonomous vehicle platform A major alliance was announced In August, when Uber and Volvo came together in the development of driverless cars. Uber invested $300 million in the Swedish automaker, choosing Volvo as a partner because of its safety record. As we previously reported, Uber plans to release 100 self-driving Volvos on the roads of Pittsburgh, where its first driverless fleet is available to the public, by the end of 2017. 7. Uber buys Otto for over $680 million One of the first places where driverless vehicles may appear en masse is in the trucking world. In Germany, Daimler's autonomous 18-wheelers are currently using driverless tech on public roads. By purchasing Otto, a driverless trucking startup, in August, Uber signaled its intention to get in on that development. Keep up to date on the latest in driverless vehicle technology - subscribe to TechRepublic's 'Next Big Thing' newsletter! Subscribe Also see When your driverless car crashes, who will be responsible? The answer remains unclear (TechRepublic) Tesla's New Autopilot Update (CBS News) Tesla's Musk says Autopilot update would have prevented fatal crash (ZDNet) When will we get driverless cars? Experts say public opinion is the critical factor (TechRepublic) Tesla launching 'major improvements' to Autopilot in coming weeks (ZDNet) Tesla's fatal Autopilot accident: Why the New York Times got it wrong (TechRepublic) Why the US government should take Tesla up on its offer to share Autopilot data (TechRepublic) Tesla speaks: How we will overcome the obstacles to driverless vehicles (TechRepublic) Autonomous driving levels 0 to 5: Understanding the differences (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Hope Reese Hope Reese is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers the intersection of technology and society, examining the people and ideas that transform how we live today. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Hope's content @hope_reese × Disclosure Hope Reese has nothing to disclose. She doesn't hold investments in the technology companies she covers. × Full Bio Hope Reese is a Staff Writer for TechRepublic. She covers the intersection of technology and society, examining the people and ideas that transform how we live today. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents New user education checklist Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
null
null
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact Top - World Huawei to re-think the way it does business Top - World Russian hacks: US strikes back Home In-depth News Off-beat Opinion Adii Pienaar Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact How Apple alienated Mac loyalists To die-hard fans, Apple's Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. By Mark Gurman. Added by Agency Staff on 20 December 2016. Saved under In-depth, Top Tags: Apple, Jony Ive, Microsoft, Tim Cook Tweet The new MacBook Pro To die-hard fans, Apple’s Macintosh sometimes seems like an afterthought these days. Mac upgrades, once a frequent ritual, are few and far between. The Mac Pro, Apple’s marquee computer, hasn’t been refreshed since 2013. The affordable and flexible Mac mini was last upgraded in 2014. And when a new machine does roll out, the results are sometimes underwhelming, if not infuriating, to devotees. In October, after more than 500 days without an update, Apple unveiled the new MacBook Pro, with a slimmer design and louder speakers. The laptop garnered mostly favourable reviews from the technology press but grumbles from creative types, a key constituency, who said the device under-performed rival products. Interviews with people familiar with Apple’s inner workings reveal that the Mac is getting far less attention than it once did. They say the Mac team has lost clout with the famed industrial design group led by Jony Ive and the company’s software team. They also describe a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges that have delayed the roll-out of new computers. While the Mac generates about 10% of Apple sales, the company can’t afford to alienate professional designers and other business customers. After all, they helped fuel Apple’s revival in the late 1990s. In a stinging critique, Peter Kirn, founder of a website for music and video creators, wrote: “This is a company with no real vision for what its most creative users actually do with their most advanced machines.” If more Mac users switch, the Apple ecosystem will become less sticky — opening the door to people abandoning higher-value products like the iPhone and iPad. People now have more options. Microsoft, once derided by Mac loyalists for its clunky, buggy software, offers Windows 10, which provides the tablet-type functionality Apple pioneered with the iPad. Microsoft’s Surface computers offer Apple-esque quality and a well-reviewed creative paint program aimed at the Mac’s audience. Sensing an opportunity, Microsoft called the MacBook Pro a “disappointment” and said more users than ever were switching to its Surface laptops. An Apple spokesman declined to comment. However, the company has said the Macintosh remains one of its most important products and denies it takes a back seat to other gadgets. The ultra-thin MacBook introduced in 2015 Four years ago at Apple’s annual developer conference, marketing chief Phil Schiller pledged to keep the computer front and centre in the company’s product arsenal. “Nobody turns over their entire line as quickly and completely as we do at Apple,” Schiller said. “We’re really proud of the engineering team and the work they do to do this quick so you can get the exact product you need.” Two years later, the company held a 30th birthday party for the Macintosh, a splashy event that featured a OneRepublic concert at Apple’s Cupertino, California headquarters. The company also created a website celebrating the Mac’s history. To be fair, Apple depends on Intel, which still makes key chips for Macs. Like the rest of the PC industry, Apple’s innovation and product cycles are sometimes constrained by when Intel produces new chips — a process that’s getting more difficult. Making a laptop stand out is also harder these days. But when Apple has tried to leapfrog the competition, it has fallen short. Take the company’s attempt to create a longer-lasting battery for the MacBook Pro. Apple engineers wanted to use higher-capacity battery packs shaped to the insides of the laptop versus the standard square cells found in most machines. The design would have boosted battery life. In the run-up to the MacBook Pro’s planned debut this year, the new battery failed a key test, according to a person familiar with the situation. Rather than delay the launch and risk missing the crucial holiday shopping season, Apple decided to revert to an older design. The change required roping in engineers from other teams to finish the job, meaning work on other Macs languished, the person said. The new laptop didn’t represent a game-changing leap in battery performance, and a software bug misrepresented hours of power remaining. Apple has since removed the meter from the top right-hand corner of the screen. In the Mac’s heyday, people working on new models could expect a lot of attention from Ive’s team. Once a week his people would meet with Mac engineers to discuss ongoing projects. Mac engineers brought prototypes to Ive’s studio for review, while his lieutenants would visit the Mac labs to look at early concepts. Those visits have become less frequent since the company began focusing more on more-valuable products like the iPhone and iPad, and the change became even more obvious after the design team’s leadership was shuffled last year, according to a person familiar with the situation. In another sign that the company has prioritised the iPhone, Apple re-organised its software engineering department so there’s no longer a dedicated Mac operating system team. There is now just one team, and most of the engineers are iOS first, giving the people working on the iPhone and iPad more power. That’s part of a broader shift toward making Macs more like iPhones. Apple prioritises features, like thinness and minimal ports, that sell its iPhones and iPads, which generated about 75% of revenue this year. Those are contrary to professional needs, like maximum computing power. Early prototypes of the 12-inch MacBook used the iPhone’s Lightning connector, although this was ditched for a more standard USB-C port. There was even a gold MacBook Pro planned, but this was shelved because the colour didn’t look good on such a large product. The Mac Pro is overdue a refresh to stay current In recent years, Apple managers have also become more likely to float two or more competing ideas, meaning designers and engineers must work on more than one concept at a time. In the past, managers pushed a more singular vision. Engineers are now “asked to develop multiple options in hopes that one of them will be shippable”, a person familiar with the matter said. When the company was developing the first 12-inch MacBook, Apple tested two primary prototypes. One, known internally as Stealth Fighter, was lighter. The second, a slightly less ambitious design known as Stealth Bomber, was heavier. The lighter model prevailed, but with engineers developing and testing two competing concepts, they had less time to figure out how to cram all the electronics into a thin slab of aluminum that would hold together. In the end, Apple shipped the laptop in 2015, months after its 2014 goal. For a 2016 MacBook update, some Apple engineers wanted to add a Touch ID fingerprint scanner and a second USB-C port (which would have made some power users happy). The update instead included a new rose gold color option alongside a standard speed increase. The internal turmoil has taken a toll. More than a dozen engineers and managers working on Mac hardware have left for different Apple teams or other companies in the past year and a half, said people familiar with the situation. Some were looking for a less all-consuming work environment, while others felt the future of Mac hardware was unclear in a world of iPhones and iPads. Tim Cook (image: Mike Deerkoski) In 2013, Apple launched a redesigned Mac Pro, a black cylinder with bright white LED lights. It was a powerful desktop machine created partly to cast a halo over the entire Macintosh line-up. The Mac Pro was also the first Apple computer in years to be assembled in the US. Under pressure from politicians to create manufacturing jobs at home, Apple was looking to score political points. The decision caused production headaches though. The Mac Pro’s glossy exterior and chrome bevelled edges meant Apple had to make its own manufacturing tools and then train people to run those machines in an assembly plant. This slowed production and constrained Apple’s ability to make enough computers to meet demand. Three years on, the Mac Pro is ripe for an upgrade with its chips and connector ports lagging rival products. Because of the earlier challenges, some Apple engineers have raised the possibility of moving production back to Asia, where it’s cheaper and manufacturers have the required skills for ambitious products, according to a person familiar with those internal discussions. The political environment is tougher for such a move now. During his campaign, President-elect Donald Trump hammered Apple for building most of its products overseas and since his election he has pushed other companies to keep some jobs in the US. Still, Apple hasn’t given up on Macs. In a recent company Q&A session, employees asked whether Mac desktop computers remain strategically important. “We have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that,” CEO Tim Cook said, according to a transcript of the discussion obtained by Bloomberg News. The latest MacBook Pro has a “Touch Bar”, a thin touchscreen built into the keyboard that lets users quickly access app shortcuts, change system settings, and pick emojis. The laptop also has Touch ID to speed up online purchases and a giant trackpad for easier gesture control. Apple designers are already exploring standalone keyboards with the touch strip and a fingerprint reader for desktops. Apple will decide whether to release these based on how well the features do on the MacBook Pro. Mac fans shouldn’t hold their breath for radical new designs in 2017, though. Instead, the company is preparing modest updates: USB-C ports and a new AMD graphics processor for the iMac, and minor bumps in processing power for the 12-inch MacBook and MacBook Pro. Cue the outrage.  — (c) 2016 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Rob Dempster I am typing this while sitting in front of a late-2012 iMac that was recently transformed by swapping the 1 GB hard disk for a 500 MB SSD. Beats me why Apple does not sell the iMac with a ann SSD already installed. Also disappointed that the iMac only gets a mention in the last paragraph of the article. My next acquisition may well be a box running Ubuntu configured as I see fit with a 24 inch 4K monitor. Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 2Legal war erupts between Nokia, Apple 1Russian hacks: US strikes back 1Russian hacks: how the US might retaliate 1Backspace: ‘Resolutions’ 1The extraordinary rise of chip maker Nvidia Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
LAST CHANCESubscribe As Low As $4.99/1 YR! Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Local Sports Things to Do Business Travel Politics Opinion Homes Archives Nation Now Weather Video Jobs Cars Apartments Shopping Classifieds Insider azcentral tickets Lottery Obituaries Arizona Republic E-Newspaper Investigations Comics Buy Photos Apps Giving Back New Home Central Monsoons Business Directory Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Social Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Find subscriber exclusive deals, events, manage your account and more.Insider View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 340 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Season for Sharing: Treasures 4 Teachers connects educators with affordable classroom supplies Educators can shop for classroom supplies on the cheap at Treasures 4 Teachers in Tempe. Post to Facebook Season for Sharing: Treasures 4 Teachers connects educators with affordable classroom supplies Educators can shop for classroom supplies on the cheap at Treasures 4 Teachers in Tempe.  Check out this story on azcentral.com: http://azc.cc/2i5klFN {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Register your digital access. This story is part of Arizona Season for Sharing Ask Clay: He's back and he missed you people. Now about those goobers... How to donate to Season for Sharing Season for Sharing: Domestic-violence shelters give elderly victims second chance at life Season for Sharing: Treasures 4 Teachers connects educators with affordable classroom supplies Carrie Watters , The Republic | azcentral.com 7:01 a.m. MST December 20, 2016 Angelica Soto shops for classroom supplies at Treasures 4 Teachers in Tempe. The non-profit provides donated supplies to teachers around the Valley. (Photo: Treasures 4 Teachers) Barbara Blalock leads a non-profit that began as a project in her garage 12 years ago. "Hey, we need to do something here," her husband eventually said. You see, her effort was to put donated school supplies into the hands of educators. Binders, file folders and the like can stack up fast. At the time, she worked for the YMCA helping preschools gain accreditation, and she found that many didn’t have adequate supplies. Blalock reached out to Intel in Chandler, which began donating supplies and spreading the word. Soon the garage hit capacity, and a non-profit was established: Treasures 4 Teachers. Donate to Season for Sharing 5 reasons to give Giving is a statement of the heart Thank you for making a difference Ask Clay: It's time to help List of last year's grants Complete campaign coverage After several moves to consecutively larger spaces, Treasures 4 Teachers now fills a 12,000-square-foot facility in Tempe. The organization serves about 3,000 educators annually, from school teachers to Girl Scout and Boy Scout troop leaders. The facility is open to any type of educator, with proof of the program they serve, to find deals. The non-profit is budget-friendly way to stock classrooms as national estimates suggest the average teacher spends about $1,000 a year on classroom supplies. “We can complain about the education system, we can say how bad it is out there for the teachers or we can stand up and do something," Blalock said. AZCENTRAL Thanks to you, Arizona, we're making a difference The program's mobile unit, which delivers supplies directly to teachers, received a $5,000 Season for Sharing grant this year. Blalock shared more details on the program. Barbara Blalock founded Treasures 4 Teachers when she saw educators' need for more supplies.  (Photo: Treasures 4 Teachers) QUESTION: What is T4T On Wheels? ANSWER: We found that many teachers didn’t have the time or the money to travel the distance to our primary location. Because of the phenomenal amount of donations we receive, we needed to find a method to get those items to teachers, so we funded a program called T4T On Wheels in 2013. We deliver items to schools around the Valley as often as we can get them scheduled. The items provided to these teachers are 100 percent new. We visited 50 to 60 schools last year and served multiple teachers in those schools, with close to 100,000 students impacted. Our priority is Title I schools (schools with a high number of students from low-income households), but we will go wherever needed. Q: And the Tempe facility is open to all educators? A: Yes. It’s really one of those places that you have to see. It's a member-based program: $35 a year. You can fill a bag for $5. And then we have a free section and an area where things are priced as marked. It’s super minimal. A teacher will leave here with her shopping cart overflowing for anywhere from $10-12. Q: Where do the donations come from? A: We get donations from all over the Valley — businesses and private individuals, anyone who might have items a teacher would need, such as binders, file folders, pens, pencils, markers and writing materials. We get a lot of donations from retired teachers, such as alphabets and bulletin board sets. Q: How many volunteers does it take? A: I have 115 volunteers who volunteered 10,435 hours just last year. They sort donations, they package stuff, they stock the shelves, they clean things and they take donations — whatever we need. One lady owns the book area — she’s so proud of it, it’s hers. Another lady just does the paper aisle. A good majority of them are former teachers. Q: What is your greatest need? A: To let more teachers know that we exist. Find out more about the non-profit at treasures4teachers.org. About Season for Sharing We’ll send 100 percent of your donations to local non-profits. Who is helped Last year, 144 agencies received $2.73 million. Since 1993, almost $60 million has been distributed. Where the money goes It all stays in Arizona. One hundred percent of your donations and the matching funds go directly to non-profit agencies in the state. All overhead and fundraising costs are paid by The Arizona Republic/azcentral. How your dollars help The Gannett Foundation and our community partners, the Nina Mason Pulliam Charitable Trust and the Arizona Community Foundation, will multiply your generosity by matching your gifts 50 cents on the dollar up to $650,000. Who makes this possible? The Arizona Republic/azcentral and the Gannett Foundation. Season for Sharing is a donor-advised fund of the Arizona Community Foundation. To donate, go to sharing.azcentral.com, or use the coupon on Page 4A of The Republic and mail your donations to P.O. Box 29250, Phoenix, AZ 85038-9250. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Thank You Thursday - Season for Sharing grant winners 2016  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Chicanos Por La Causa - De Colores was awarded $40,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "With the requested funds, Chicanos Por La Causa's De Colores Domestic Violence Shelter will provide 300 children with culturally-appropriate supportive services to help them recover from the negative impacts of witnessing or experiencing domestic violence in their homes."  The Republic Fullscreen Expect More Arizona was awarded $5,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "Thank you! Your support is vital to our efforts to ensure every child in Arizona receives a world-class education, from the early years through career."  The Republic Fullscreen The Salvation Army - Senior Center was awarded $60,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "With continued support from the Season for Sharing, The Salvation Army will serve metro Phoenix families, children, and individuals struggling with hunger, homelessness, and domestic violence. Our programs promote strong family foundations, independence, and self-sufficiency."  The Republic Fullscreen Banner Alzheimer's Institute was awarded $20000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | Funding from Season for Sharing will be used to support education and training programs at Banner Alzheimer's Institute for caregivers of patients with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia.  The Republic Fullscreen Boys and Girls Clubs of Metro Phoenix was awarded $32,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | "With funding from Season for Sharing, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Metro Phoenix will provide the educational resources to ensure that our Club kids can and will graduate high school; that they are prepared for college and the workforce; and that they are inspired to succeed academically."  The Republic Fullscreen The Arizona Science Center was awarded $30,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | Funding from Season for Sharing will be used to help support Focused Field Trips, one of Arizona Science Center’s signature student/teacher engagement programs that provide free field trip experiences, teacher workshops and classroom materials for Title-1, K-8 schools in Arizona.  The Republic Fullscreen The Desert Botanical Garden was awarded $25,000 through Season for Sharing on March 17, 2016. | Funding from Season for Sharing will support activities designed to increase K-8th grade students’ achievement in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) while nurturing a respect and appreciation for our native Sonoran Desert. The program features online curriculum, plant-based investigations at the Garden and a post-visit guided activity.  The Republic Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 7 2 of 7 3 of 7 4 of 7 5 of 7 6 of 7 7 of 7 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 340 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2i5klFN TOP VIDEOS Raw: Police Body Cam Video Of Dramatic Rescue 1:12 4 of the biggest Christmas myths debunked 0:57 Putin praises Trump, thinks Democrats are sore losers 0:46 Best mugshots of 2016 1:09 #Pizzagate: an example of fake news gone too far 0:57 Uber Is Investing in artificial intelligence 0:38 Five best U.S. airports 0:34 Walk the runway of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 0:48 Top five college football games to watch in Week 14 2:19 Castro's ashes travel across Cuba 0:49 Brazilian soccer team laughed boarding doomed flight 0:36 Zoo's gorilla barrier didn't meet standards when Harambe died 0:47 People formed a human ladder to rescue an man from a river in China 0:36 Marilyn Monroe's iconic dress sell for $4.8 million 1:05 Twitter expected to field offers to buy social media network this week 1:32 Black police group unhappy with political endorsements 0:32 Emu loose on I-10 in Arizona 0:12 First look: Sky Harbor Terminal 3 upgrades 1:23 Halloween 2016 By The Numbers 0:50 Octopus hunts one of the world's most venomous fish 0:35 Kent Somers, Bob McManaman discuss news from Cardinals camp on Friday 2:12 You Can Sleep In Dracula's Coffin Thanks To Airbnb 1:09 Five things that matter to Millennials in the election 1:52 Half-zebra, half-donkey is 100% adorable 0:27 Punchlines: Disenchanted yet? 4:54 Mexico City cartoon exhibit depicts Donald Trump as a Nazi 2:04 Former Jets player killed in crash 0:37 Glenn Beck praises Michelle Obama's speech as incredibly effective 1:15 4 dead when truck plunged off San Diego bridge into crowd below 0:43 What to watch for in Sprint Cup race at Kansas Speedway 1:56 Several women say Trump inappropriately touched them 0:50 Arizona Season for Sharing Ask Clay: He's back and he missed you people. Now about those goobers... Clay Thompson How to donate to Season for Sharing Season for Sharing: Domestic-violence shelters give elderly victims second chance at life Georgann Yara Season for Sharing: No small goal for Phoenix non-profit that empowers kids to become 'world changers' Carrie Watters Ask Clay: Brighten a columnist's Christmas light with big donations to Season for Sharing Karina Bland Season for Sharing: Neighbors Who Care goes extra mile for homebound Georgann Yara This story is part of Arizona Season for Sharing Ask Clay: He's back and he missed you people. Now about those goobers... How to donate to Season for Sharing Season for Sharing: Domestic-violence shelters give elderly victims second chance at life
01032017Headline: China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports 11 hours ago China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports 11 hours ago Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 hours ago Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 hours ago Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor 12 hours ago Flicks and Bits Flicks and Bits About Us Privacy Policy rss Film Interview Music Home Business Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 By Acute Market Reports Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends, Industry Analysis and Forecast 2016 By Acute Market Reports December 20, 2016 | by Siemon | Summary Notes: Production, means the output of Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue, means the sales value of Flip-Chip Technologies This report studies the global Flip-Chip Technologies market, analyzes and researches the Flip-Chip Technologies development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Intel TSMC Samsung GlobalFoundries ASE group Amkor Technology UMC STATS ChipPAC Powertech Technology STMicroelectronics SPIL JCET Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Browse Full Report Visit – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/united-states-eu-japan-china-india-and-southeast-asia-flip-chip-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2021 Market segment by Type, Flip-Chip Technologies can be split into Copper (Cu) pillar Lead (Pb)-free solder Tin-lead (Sn-Pb) eutectic solder Gold stud + plated solder Market segment by Application, Flip-Chip Technologies can be split into Consumer electronics Telecommunication Automotive Industrial sector Medical devices Military & aerospace Others 1 Industry Overview of Flip-Chip Technologies 1.1 Flip-Chip Technologies Market Overview 1.1.1 Flip-Chip Technologies Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Flip-Chip Technologies Market by Type 1.3.1 Copper (Cu) pillar 1.3.2 Lead (Pb)-free solder 1.3.3 Tin-lead (Sn-Pb) eutectic solder 1.3.4 Gold stud + plated solder 1.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Consumer electronics 1.4.2 Telecommunication 1.4.3 Automotive 1.4.4 Industrial sector 1.4.5 Medical devices 1.4.6 Military & aerospace 1.4.7 Others 2 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (Value) by Players (2015-2016) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Browse All Reports of This Category – http://www.acutemarketreports.com/category/equipment-market 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Intel 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 TSMC 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Samsung 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Flip-Chip Technologies Revenue (Value) (2011-2016) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 4 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size by Type and Application (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size by Type (2011-2016) 4.2 Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size by Application (2011-2016) 4.3 Potential Application of Flip-Chip Technologies in Future 4.4 Top Consumer/End Users of Flip-Chip Technologies 5 United States Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 5.1 United States Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 5.2 United States Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 6 EU Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 6.1 EU Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 6.2 EU Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) 7 Japan Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 7.1 Japan Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 7.2 Japan Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) To Get Complete Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/united-states-eu-japan-china-india-and-southeast-asia-flip-chip-technologies-market-size-status-and-forecast-2021 8 China Flip-Chip Technologies Development Status and Outlook 8.1 China Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size (2011-2016) 8.2 China Flip-Chip Technologies Market Size and Market Share by Players (2015-2016) Latest Reports : Global Multi-filament Fiber Market Research Report 2016 Global Military Antibacterial Glass Market Research Report 2016 Global Moisture Management Fabrics Market Research Report 2016 About – Acute Market Reports : Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements.We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world’s most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends. Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online. Contact Us : Chris Paul ACUTE MARKET REPORTS Office No 101, 1st Floor , Aditi Mall, Baner, Pune, MH, 411045 India Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662 India: +91 7755981103 Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com Website : http://www.acutemarketreports.com Filed in: Business Tags: Global Flip-Chip Technologies Market Share this post Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Email Recommended for You China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Popular Posts New Batmobile & A Stormtrooper Highlighted In Latest ‘Batman V Superman’/’Star Wars’ Crossover Image From Zack Snyder Chilling First TV Spot For ‘Annabelle’ (‘The Conjuring’ Spinoff) “Brothers Under The Gun” Featurette For ‘Fury’ – Starring Brad Pitt, Logan Lerman, Shia LaBeouf, Michael Pena… “Locations” Behind-The-Scenes Video For ‘Exodus: Gods And Kings’ – Starring Christian Bale, Joel Edgerton, Aaron Paul… Trailer For The Assassin-Thriller ‘John Wick’ – Starring Keanu Reeves, Willem Dafoe, Ian McShane, Adrianne Palicki…. Recent Posts China Lithium-Sulfur Battery Industry, Acute Market Reports China Rum Industry 2017 Market Research Report, Acute Market Reports Hospital Real Time Location Systems Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Flexographic Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor Toilet Care Products Market Research Report Now Available at Research Corridor © 2017 Flicks and Bits. All rights reserved. Mobile Computing Today TampaBayReview
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Acer Brings Ultra-Thin, Affordable All-in-One PCs to the United States Acer Brings Ultra-Thin, Affordable All-in-One PCs to the United States Posted on December 20, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Aspire C Series features beautiful aesthetics, super slim bezels and an attractive price; great holiday gift with prices starting at $449.99. SAN JOSE, Calif. (PRWEB) December 20, 2016 Editor’s Summary The new Acer Aspire C Series with both 23.8- and 21.5-inch Full HD display models feature a slim .31-inch bezel and stunning aesthetics Deliver ample power with up to 6th generation Intel® Core™ i3 processors and 8GB DDR4 memory Provide significant storage capabilities with up to 1TB(1) 5400RPM hard drives Acer America today announced the expansion of its all-in-one desktop line in the United States with the new Aspire C Series featuring 23.8- and 21.5-inch display models touting beautiful, sleek aesthetics and ultra-thin .31-inch bezels to maximize viewing area. This line makes an ideal holiday gift for those wanting their first PC or a second one for the home. Smart ergonomics make computing comfortable. The chassis tilts from -5 to 20 degrees for easily finding the best angle for watching a film or working on a spreadsheet. For high-quality teleconferences, the 1MP HD webcam and Full HD (1920 x 1080) display deliver clear and vibrant images, while a built-in single array microphone emits clear audio. To enhance the clean design, save space and reduce clutter, Bluetooth 4.0 LE and 802.11ac(1) eliminate messy wires. “The new Acer Aspire C all-in-one desktops are an excellent choice for those desiring a gorgeous PC with ample power at a great price for managing your digital library of music, photos and videos,” said Frank Chang, director of stationary products for Acer America. The Acer Aspire C Series offers plenty of power for fueling productivity applications, casual gaming and social media with up to a 6th generation Intel® Core® i3 processor, up to Intel® HD Graphics 520 and as much as 8GB DDR4 memory, depending on configuration. Spacious hard drives with up to 1TB(2) storage capacity can accommodate a large library of applications, files and multimedia. Bundled with a free trial of Microsoft Office 2016, it provides the latest productivity tools for work, school and home projects. Offering excellent connectivity, the Aspire C Series comes with two USB 3.0 ports and two USB 2.0 ports for linking to peripherals and digital devices. In addition, two speakers deliver quality audio. The Aspire C Series all-in-one desktops are available with a choice of Windows 10, FreeDOS or Linpus Simple Linux with prices ranging from $449.99 (MSRP) to $699.99 (MSRP). They come with a limited one-year parts and labor warranty.(2) About Acer Established in 1976, Acer is a hardware + software + services company dedicated to the research, design, marketing, sale, and support of innovative products that enhance people's lives. Acer's product offerings include PCs, displays, projectors, servers, tablets, smartphones and wearables. It is also developing cloud solutions to bring together the Internet of Things. Acer is celebrating its 40th anniversary in 2016 and is one of the world’s top 5 PC companies. It employs 7,000 people worldwide and has a presence in over 160 countries. Please visit http://www.acer.com for more information. Media Contacts Acer America Corp. Erin Davern        Tel: +949-471-7785    Email: erin.davern(at)acer.com © 2016 Acer America Corp. All rights reserved. Acer and the Acer logo are registered trademarks of Acer Inc. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. All offers subject to change without notice or obligation and may not be available through all sales channels. Prices listed are manufacturer suggested retail prices and may vary by location. Applicable sales tax extra. 1.)    The product is based on IEEE 802.11ac draft specification and multi-user scenario. Actual speed will vary based on range, connection rate, site conditions, size of network, and other factors. The claim of up to 3x faster transmission speed is valid only under scenario when wireless AP supports 4 MU streams. An 802.11ac wireless equipped PC requires an 802.11ac router to work properly.” 2.)    Accessible capacity varies; MB = 1 million bytes; GB = 1 billion bytes 3.)    Limited warranty agreement applies. For a copy, write to Acer Customer Service, P.S. Box 6137 For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/12/prweb13932455.htm Latest News World Patent Ratings Issues First Round of 2017 Intangible Asset Valuation Reports For Internet Software and Service Providers Fascol Introduces Trunki Ride on Suitcase Global Battery Storage Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Blenders & Juicers Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Blood Irradiation Sales Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Blu-Ray Player Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Candle Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Car Navigation Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Industrial Connector Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Global Diatomaceous Earth Market 2016: By Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Monday , January 2 2017 About us Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy Contributors Seneca Globe Seneca News Report Home Finance Stocks Consumer-Goods Biotech-Pharma News Feature Life Style World Breaking News JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU)- Active Volatile Stocks in Hot Folio: Las Vegas Sands Corp. (NYSE:LVS) BP p.l.c. (NYSE:BP) Paid $1.3B For Petrol Station Business of Woolworths- Mallinckrodt Public (NYSE:MNK), Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD) Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) Urges Potential Buyer to Buy Before 2017 to Take Advantage of Tax Breaks Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) Testes A Balloon At Site Of A Proposed 150-Foot Tall Cellphone Tower- Kingold Jewelry (KGJI) Home / Feature / Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Will Challenge The Dominance of Raspberry Pi- Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Will Challenge The Dominance of Raspberry Pi- Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) Will Lawson 2 weeks ago Feature Leave a comment 481 Views Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) [Trend Analysis] pretends to be active mover, stock jumped up around 1.60% to traded at $36.89. Intel (INTC) declared that it is now shipping a new single-board computer, the Joule 550x, that will challenge the dominance of Raspberry Pi. The board was reported in August but didn’t ship right away. The Joule 550x is a full-fledged computer on a small circuit board, and it packs more horsepower and graphics capabilities than the Raspberry Pi 3. But at prices of up to US$349, the Joule 550x costs about 10 times more than Raspberry Pi 3. The board is now accessible from online retailer Mouser. It is accessible for $291 on Newegg. Intel’s recommended price for Joule 550x is $149 to $159, so Mouser is asking for a heavy premium for the computer board. The Joule 550x will provide ample computing power to people building powerful robots, drones, or electronics. Using boards accessible before the retail release, some Joule-based robots and devices, like Microsoft’s voice recognizing Bamboo robot, have already been made, and others like bartending robots are on the way. The liquidity measure in recent quarter results of the company was recorded 1.80 as current ratio, on the other side the debt to equity ratio was 0.44, and long-term debt to equity ratio remained 0.44. The Company has gross margin of 61.60% and profit margin was positive 17.90% in trailing twelve months. (Read Latest [Free Analytic] Facts on NASDAQ:INTC and Be Updated) To accommodate long-term intention, the firm has diverse dividend or yield record, INTC has Dividend Yield of 2.86% and experts calculate Return on Investment of 13.60%. The firm has Profit Margin of positive 17.90%. Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) [Trend Analysis], stock knocked up around 0.67% in early session as its gaining volume of 3.34 Million. The stock showed weekly upbeat performance of -6.70%, which maintained for the month at -4.33%. Similarly, the positive performance for the quarter recorded as 8.46% and for the year was 112.33%, while the YTD performance remained at 114.37%. FNSR has Average True Range for 14 days of 1.57. For latest Market Updates Subscribes Here   Finisar Corporation FNSR INTC Intel Corporation NASDAQ:FNSR NASDAQ:INTC 2016-12-20 Will Lawson Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags Finisar Corporation FNSR INTC Intel Corporation NASDAQ:FNSR NASDAQ:INTC About Will Lawson Will Lawson is a financial journalist, and has been the lead writer and editor for Seneca Globe News Media since January 2014. Email: will.lawson@senecaglobe.com Previous NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) Would Ultimately Supply GPU; Countered With Suggestions AMD Would Get NOD Next Cypress Semiconductor (NASDAQ:CY) Begun Volume Shipments Of Microcontrollers- Viavi Solutions (NASDAQ:VIAV) Related Articles Bubbly Stocks in Focal Point- Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), NXP Semiconductors (NASDAQ:NXPI) 3 days ago Reaffirm Stocks To Gain Attentions: Rennova Health, Inc. (NASDAQ:RNVA), Finisar Corporation (NASDAQ:FNSR) 3 days ago Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC); Active Stocks Notes Wondering in Hotspot- Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY), CalAmp (CAMP) 4 days ago Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Advertisement Recent Popular Comments Tags Reaffirm Stocks To Gain Attentions: Johnson Controls International plc (NYSE:JCI), Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) 11 hours ago Restated Stocks Active on Selling Boundary: Mast Therapeutics (NYSE:MSTX), Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ARWR) 11 hours ago Active Rated Stocks ‘How’ and ‘Why’: Marinus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MRNS), AmpliPhi Biosciences (NYSE:APHB) 11 hours ago Retreated Mix Cap Active Movers: ImmunoGen, Inc. (NASDAQ:IMGN), Express Scripts Holding (NASDAQ:ESRX) 11 hours ago Stocks Focus in Frontline Brokers: Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT), Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) 11 hours ago Vigorous Movers’ Roundup: Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS), Hanesbrands Inc. (NYSE:HBI), PACCAR Inc. (NASDAQ:PCAR) October 12, 2015 88 Valeant Pharmaceuticals International (NYSE:VRX) Declares Delay Result in Firm Filing its Form 10-K- CVS Health (NYSE:CVS) April 25, 2016 14 Banking Stocks in Major News- Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) June 3, 2016 5 Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) Fueling Subscriber Growth via Worldwide Launches- Shaw Communications, Inc. (NYSE:SJR) April 15, 2016 2 Tech Active News in Retreated Reviews- MaxLinear (NYSE:MXL), Sigma Designs (NASDAQ:SIGM) March 28, 2016 2 NASDAQ:MSFT MSFT Microsoft Corporation NASDAQ:AMZN Amazon.com AMZN T NYSE:T GE NYSE:GE F NYSE:F General Electric Company AT&T NASDAQ:INTC INTC TSLA Intel Corporation Tesla Motors NASDAQ:TSLA NYSE:GM GM AMD NASDAQ:AMD Advanced Micro Devices Find us on Facebook About Us Seneca Globe is diverse media platform that focus on Finance, Economy, Tech, Gadgets and Life Style niches. Our mission is to provide unparalleled news and insights. If you seek news coverage that’s as interested in solutions and heroes as in problems and scandals, give Seneca Globe a try. Weather Forcast Random Posts Stocks Under Street Preference: Flexion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:FLXN), Sears (NASDAQ:SHLD), Dollar General (NYSE:DG) May 27, 2016 Charming Stock Regain Active Consensus: Exelon Corporation (NYSE:EXC), Cosan Limited (NYSE:CZZ) October 12, 2016 Technology Stocks on Hotspot: SunEdison, Inc. (NYSE:SUNE), LifeLock, Inc. (NYSE:LOCK), Entegris, Inc. (NASDAQ:ENTG) October 22, 2015 Latest Posts Reaffirm Stocks To Gain Attentions: Johnson Controls International plc (NYSE:JCI), Constellation Brands, Inc. (NYSE:STZ) 11 hours ago Restated Stocks Active on Selling Boundary: Mast Therapeutics (NYSE:MSTX), Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ARWR) 11 hours ago Active Rated Stocks ‘How’ and ‘Why’: Marinus Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:MRNS), AmpliPhi Biosciences (NYSE:APHB) 11 hours ago Powered by WordPress © Copyright 2017, All Rights Reserved
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> Systems Calyos NSG Cube: Passively Cooled SFF PC with Intel Core and GeForce GTX 1060 by Anton Shilov on December 20, 2016 4:00 PM EST Posted in Systems Intel Mini ITX Cases/Cooling/PSUs NVIDIA Pascal Calyos 20 Comments | Add A Comment 20 Comments + Add A Comment Calyos plans to display its first passively cooled small form-factor gaming PC at CES early next month. The NSG Cube promises to pack an Intel Core processor as well as a GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card to offer a decent level of performance in games by a system that produces absolutely no noise. Apart from performance, a lot of gamers nowadays demand computers in compact form-factors and even more people want their systems to be quiet. Developers of key components of PCs understand their customers, which is why companies like AMD, Intel, NVIDIA introduced very power-efficient CPU and GPU architectures as well as SFF designs in the recent years. Meanwhile, it is hard to wed a small form-factor with passive cooling: the former needs airflow and the latter needs either large radiators or liquid cooling (which means large radiators in the end). Apparently, this is exactly what Calyos is trying to do with its NSG Cube. Calyos NSG Cube at Glance   Component TDP CPU Intel Core in LGA1151 form-factor 35 W (?) PCH Intel Z170 6 W Motherboard ASUS Z170I Pro Gaming Over 6 W GPU ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 Mini-ITX 120 W Other DRAM, SSD/HDD 39 W Total TDP - ~200 W At present, the amount of information that we have in hand (thanks to FanlessTech) is scarce. What we do know is that the system is based on the ASUS Z170I Pro Gaming motherboard in a Mini-ITX form-factor and uses the ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 Mini-ITX graphics adapter. The passively cooled SFF PC will have TDP of 200 W, which is not a lot and given the fact that the video card has TDP of 120 W, this leaves 80 W for the CPU (no overclocking here), PCH, DRAM, SSD and so on. The NSG Cube is designed to be small but uses aluminum radiators to cool down its components. At this point Calyos has not stated if the power supply is internal or external - given the use of the ASUS motherboard, we would suspect an internal unit, either SFX or proprietary. Calyos will demonstrate its NGS Cube at CES in early January. Pricing and ETA of the system are unclear at this point, but the PC will be available commercially. Gallery: Calyos NSG Cube: Passively Cooled SFF PC with Intel Core and GeForce GTX 1060 Related Reading: Launch of Intel’s Apollo Lake NUCs Gets Closer as Intel Lists Them on Web Site ASRock Upgrades Beebox-S SFF PCs with Kaby Lake CPUs HP Z2 Mini G3 Announced: Miniature Professional Workstation with Xeon and Quadro ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Source: FanlessTech Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 20 Comments View All Comments casperes1996 - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link This is quite reminiscent of the Apple G4 Cube Reply casperes1996 - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link As in cooling philosophy, not design or specs of course *edit button Reply mobutu - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link no, this is reminiscent of http://www.streacom.com/products/db4-fanless-chass... Reply Gadgety - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link Yes, totally agree. Even the feet. The Streacom design is more elegant, though. This looks interesting. Like a giant heat sink with a side wrapping. If both CPU and GPU are passively cooled it's a major step that Streacom didn't manage. Reply guidryp - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Kind of reminds me of the Streacom DB4 case: https://techreport.com/news/30224/streacom-db4-is-... But this looks more like it is going for wide open mesh instead of heatpipes. So eventually it will accumulate dust. I like the DB4 better. Reply eldakka - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link I like the DB4 as well, however everything I've been able to find on it indicates that the heatpipes are for the CPU, not for the GPU. It'd be much better if they had a GPU heatpipe setup as well. Reply eldakka - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link (edit!) Not to mention when I did a cost of building such a system, the DB4 case was the single most expensive component of the build (more than the MB, or CPU, or RAM, or GPU or 512GB SSD) Reply Gadgety - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link If it managed both GPU and CPU it would be worth it. The case looks very stylish and will be on display for a long time. Reply guidryp - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link Odd. All 4 sides are >2LB aluminum heatsinks each of the 4 rated at 65Watts of heat dissipation. It comes standard with a connector to one side, for 65W CPUs, and there is a kit for using 2 sides on the CPU for up to 105 Watts. It seems like you could use 1 panel for CPU (65W) and 2 Panels for ~100W GPU if routing could be figured out. Reply eldakka - Wednesday, December 21, 2016 - link The documentation (sales literature on their website) says up to 120W, based on that I assumed that only 2 sides were heat sinks. However that might just be the the standard unit, maybe the other sides can be replaced by heat sink sides (at additional expense!) ? Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Trending: App Dev Cloud Data Center Mobile Open Source Security Deep Dives Reviews Resources/White Papers Search infoworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Tech execs' boldest predictions for 2017 and beyond Free cybersecurity tools for all your needs Outlook vs. native apps in Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android 5 rock-solid Linux distros for developers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Analytics All Analytics Big Data Business Intelligence Application Development All Application Development Java JavaScript Node.js Careers Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Storage IaaS PaaS SaaS Collaboration Databases All Databases Hadoop NoSQL Datacenters All Datacenters Devops Disaster Recovery Systems Management Hardware Internet of Things Mobile All Mobile Android BYOD Mobile Apps Mobile Development Mobile Management iOS Networking All Networking Internet SDN Wi-Fi Open Source Operating Systems All Operating Systems Linux MacOS Microsoft Windows Windows Server Security Software All Software Browsers Office Software Storage Virtualization See All Technologies News Blogs Reviews Tech Watch Insider articles Newsletters Deep Dives Slideshows Video Resources/White Papers × Close Home Hardware Laptops Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Dec 19, 2016 Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops get upgraded to Intel's Kaby Lake chips. Credit: Samsung More like this 13-inch MacBook Pro review: Too many trade-offs Intel's new Kaby Lake chips for PC: Here's the company's vision 50-plus jaw-dropping Black Friday 2016 tech deals Video HP’s new Sprout PC has 3D scanning, virtual sketchpad Samsung has upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals expected to announce new PCs at CES. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3- and 15-inch screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at January's CES. [ iPad Pro vs. Surface Pro vs. Pixel C vs. Galaxy TabPro S: The "tabtop" tablet/laptop hybrids compared. | Get deep into Windows: Subscribe to the InfoWorld Windows Report newsletter. ] Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and also have better graphics. PC makers are measuring a performance improvement of about 5 percent to 15 percent improvement in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-inch model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-inch model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-inch model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-inch model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. Related: Laptops PCs Processors Hardware From CIO: 8 Free Online Courses to Grow Your Tech Skills You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. Most Read 10 reasons you shouldn't upgrade to Windows 10 You may still be better off sticking with Win7 or Win8.1, given the wide range of ongoing Win10... The case against Windows 10 Anniversary Update grows 2 easy steps to speed up Windows 7 Update scans Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews, and analyses on your favorite technology topics. Get our InfoWorld Daily Newsletter: Go Windows 10 upgrade stuck at 99 percent? Here are your options Now that we're down to the wire, many upgraders report that the installer hangs. If this happens to... Microsoft yanks buggy speed-up patch KB 3161608, replaces it with KB 3172605 Microsoft and Intel are in a standoff when it comes to Bluetooth bugs in the Windows Update speed-up... Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored The Power of Smarter Data Video/Webcast Sponsored Amazon Web Services Provides Guidance on How to Take Control of Your Cloud-Based Infrastructure and Applications Video/Webcast Sponsored Case Study: How ILG Paints a Picture-Perfect View of Member Experience Video/Webcast Sponsored Customer focused Capture & Case Management in the Cloud eBook Sponsored DevOps and Agile Operations: Insights From the Experts Go Top Stories How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run Not sold on Windows 10? We have the keys to keeping your Win7 system running the way you like it A lesson from network outages: Redundancy matters Redundancy is important for infrastructure and third-party providers, not just applications and... The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 A bevy of new technologies next year will bring PCs into the era of VR, AI, and 5G The 7 most vexing problems in programming Here be dragons: These gnarly corners of the coding world can be formidable foes, even for seasoned... Sponsored Links InfoWorld Follow us Analytics Application Development Careers Cloud Computing Collaboration Databases Datacenters Hardware Internet of Things Mobile Networking Open Source Operating Systems Security Software Storage Virtualization News Blogs Reviews Insider Resources Newsletters About Us Contact Privacy Policy Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Review: Lenovo Miix 510 2-in-1 Windows 10 PC Brittany A. Roston - Dec 19, 2016 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Editors' Rating: 7/10 Pros Excellent display Attractive, premium design Velvet-like slip cover Very sturdy hinge with ample viewing angles Cons Some flex in keyboard when typing Keyboard layout requires some adjustment Battery life is somewhat disappointing Lenovo‘s latest 2-in-1 PC is, like others before it, composed of two parts: a tablet portion and a detachable keyboard. When connected together, the sum total of parts that is the Miix 510 form a quasi-laptop; when separated, though, you have a highly portable tablet packing Windows 10. It’s the best of both worlds, but is the Miix 510 the best among 2-in-1 laptops? Read our full review to find out! Hardware Two-in-one PCs tend to exist in two varieties: the simple and cheap variety targeted at those who simply want a detachable tablet, and the more powerful feature-heavy variety targeted at professionals like graphic designers. The Lenovo Miix 510 falls into the second category, boasting everything from a very flexible watchband-based kickstand to a 12.2-inch 1920 x 1200 resolution display. One particularly notable feature is the Miix 510’s kickstand — it can be adjusted up to 170-degrees, supporting a bunch of different viewing angles, and it features the same watchband hinge we’ve seen with the Lenovo 910 and other models. The support for many viewing angles is an important part of any 2-in-1 system, earning the Miix points over other models that only support one or two angles. The tablet itself is made from a single piece of magnesium-aluminum, and features angled edges complementing rounded corners and a dark display bezel. The back of the keyboard portion has a lightly textured material akin to leather for a premium feel, and both components — tablet and keyboard — are complemented by a velvet-like loose fitting slipcover you can slip the device into for traveling. The entire presentation is very nice, one that is arguably luxurious but not so much as to be pretentious. Improving the entire package is the Lenovo Active Pen, a full-size stylus in the shape of an ordinary ink pen including a small clip. The stylus is entirely black save for a small bit of red trim at the top — it uses the same AAAA batteries that most full-size styluses use. The stylus offers 2,048 levels of pressure sensitivity, making it suitable for detailed drawing and photo editing as well as ordinary writing. The stylus includes palm rejection and two buttons for controlling the tablet from the pen itself. The stylus doesn’t weigh much more than an ordinary pen at 12 grams. I tested the stylus with a few different applications, including two common ones: Windows Paint and Autodesk Sketchbook. It was very nice to use — you can make very fine lines using a light touch, and dark, thick lines using a heavy hand. The ends of the lines can be suitably tapered by adjusting pressure as you draw (depending on the application, of course). Handwriting is great as well, though it does still feel like writing on a smooth piece of glass, so you have to adjust accordingly. TECH SPECS Processor: Up to 6th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 processor Operating System: Up to Windows 10 Home Graphics: Up to Intel® HD 520 Webcam / Microphone: – Front: 2 MP fixed focus – Rear: 5 MP auto focus; dual array mics Memory: Up to 8GB LPDDR4 Storage: Up to 256GB PCIe SSD Audio: Stereo speakers w/ Dolby® Audio™ Battery: Up to 8 hours with local video playback Display: 12.2” Full HD+ (1920×1200 ) Dimensions (W x D x H): – (inches) : 11.8 x 8.1 x 0.4 (tablet ) / 11.8 x 8.1 x 0.6 (with keyboard) – (mm) : 300 x 205 x 9.9 (tablet ) / 300 x 205 x 15.9 (with keyboard) Weight: Starting at 1.98 lbs (900 g) (tablet ) / 2.65 lbs (1.25 kg) (with keyboard) Keyboard Options: – 1.5 mm travel backlit keyboard w/ precision touchpad WiFi: 802.11 ac WiFi Bluetooth: Bluetooth® 4.0 Ports: – USB 3.0 Type-C – USB 3.0 Audio combo jack Colors: Platinum silver Software & Performance The Lenovo Miix 510 features Windows 10 Home 64 and Lenovo’s own myriad software, including Lenovo ID, Lenovo Always Online, Lenovo App Explorer for FPC, Lenovo CCSDK, Lenovo WRITEit, Lenovo PC Manager, and Lenovo Cloud Disk. According to Lenovo, the Miix also includes a trial of Yandex and Microsoft Office Desktop. In practical usage, performance is right up there with some notable competing models like the Dell XPS 12 and the HP Elite x2. I used the laptop during general daily work (Internet browsing, music in the background, photo editing, etc), and it never gave me any issues. The tablet is very snappy, and likewise holds its own during dedicated photo editing and drawing sessions. I could easily see the Miix 510 serving as my primary laptop. Battery life was a tad disappointing, though not terribly out of the realm of other similar 2-in-1 PCs. Lenovo says the Miix 510 offers up to 8 hours of battery life per charge, but in usage it topped out at around 6 hours for me. That’s general usage throughout my day, which includes photo editing, some downloading, and a lot of web browsing with screen brightness at 100%. No doubt you could squeeze more run time out of the laptop if you tried, but in general you’d be right in expecting to charge at least a little bit during a typical 8-hour work day. Things we like The Miix 510’s design is beautiful, there’s no doubt about that. This model feels nice in the hands, and impressive when pulled from the velvet-like slip cover. The design is better than some comparable 2-in-1 models in this price range that I’ve reviewed over the years, and while design is subjective, I quite like it. I’d place the Miix 510’s design up there with the HP Elite x2. Because this model will appeal to professionals, it’s important that usability gets a large design focus, and it does. The tablet portion features a set of volume rocker buttons, the power button, a USB-C port, USB Type-A 3.0 port, and an audio jack for headphones. That’s a nice array of ports for a device like this, and while you’ll probably still want to have a USB-C dongle on hand for video options, you won’t be entirely out of luck if you’re caught without said adapters. The real winner here is the display, a very bright and highly saturated (but not too much so) product that’ll please just about everyone: artists, photographers, graphic designs, and movie-lovers. The screen brightness can be set very high, so there’s no issue seeing it in bright environments. Coupled with the Lenovo Active Pen, you could certainly use the Miix 510 as a primary device for any number of things: designers could use it to create 3D models or digital sculptures, artists could use the combination (stylus and tablet) for drawing and digital painting. And, of course, it’s perfectly suitable for taking handwritten notes, whether it’s during a company meeting or in a mathematics class. Issues Issues come in two varieties: problematic elements and subjective elements. There’s nothing decidedly problematic with the Miix 510, and that’s great. There are some subjective elements that may displease certain users more so than others. One of those elements is common to 2-in-1 PCs: the keyboard has a bit of flex, so you’ll want to use it on a flat desk or table. This doesn’t seem to bother some users, but it does feel awkward to me. The problem isn’t severe — the flex is very slight. The other issue is the keyboard layout. The biggest issue here is the right Shift key, which is small in size and placed to the right of the “Up” arrow key. This differs from many keyboards, which have a full-sized right Shift key located above the arrow keys. It’s not a huge problem, but if you’re not used to typing with this keyboard layout, that small Shift key will cause you to fumble for a little while. As with all things, though, you will get used to it in time with enough practice, so it’s up to the user whether this is any significant annoyance. Finally, the audio coming straight from the Miix 510’s speakers isn’t anything to call home about, but we didn’t expect it to be. The highs and mid notes are fine, but the bass is lackluster. It’s perfectly suitable for listening to things while working, but you’d want to have a pair of headphones nearby for any movies or music. Wrap-up The Lenovo Miix 510 isn’t a Surface, but it’s a suitable substitution. Lenovo’s latest 2-in-1 PC packs a bunch of features we’re excited to see, wrapping them all up in a stylish shell. The display is great, as is the kickstand and overall design, and that’s just scratching the surface. The Miix 510 is a PC for professionals and those serious about their work…and the best part is its $600 starting price, undercutting the Surface Pro 4 by a couple hundred dollars. Available now from Lenovo’s website and other retailers. Note: The stylus is an optional accessory priced at about $40 USD. Tags ComputingLaptoplaptopsLenovoWindowsWindows 10 Must Read Bits & Bytes It’s time this car safety tech was standard Tesla Autopilot update makes 2016 deadline; Price increase pushed back iPhone manufacturer Foxconn reveals plans to fully automate factories The Google Pixel shipping nightmare (and Verizon’s XL role) Nintendo Switch needs retro games to succeed Latest Headlines Rare dinosaur egg embryo hints at 6-month incubation times Jan 2, 2017 Galaxy S8 leaked to get Continuum-like experience Jan 2, 2017 NASA wraps up the year with a catchy tune and 2016 highlights Jan 2, 2017 Bitcoin is back over $1,000 as value climbs Jan 2, 2017 Topps, maker of sports cards, discloses data breach Jan 2, 2017 Latest Reviews The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Lenovo Phab 2 Pro review: Google Tango has landed Dec 21, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Quad core Kaby Lake ASUS laptops with GTX 1050 up-to 1080 leaked User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here.   Thread Tools Display Modes Quad core Kaby Lake ASUS laptops with GTX 1050 up-to 1080 leaked   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Quad core Kaby Lake ASUS laptops with GTX 1050 up-to 1080 leaked - 12-19-2016, 13:05 | posts: 27,196 | Location: Guru3D testlab While Intel will be releasing quad-core Kaby lake generation laptops next year, likely with an introduction at CES. The entire ASUS range just was spotted online though, and it reveals quad core Kaby ... Quad core Kaby Lake ASUS laptops with GTX 1050 up-to 1080 leaked     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) cryohellinc Master Guru     Videocard: MSI 1080 SeaHawkX+PG348Q Processor: Intel i7 4770k @4.5ghz Mainboard: MSI Z87 Mpower Memory: Corsair DDR3 @1600 Soundcard: Sound Blaster ZxR + Amp PSU: ANTEC 1200W 12-19-2016, 13:17 | posts: 300 | Location: St. Petersburg " That would be two G701VIK-BA047T's please. And wrap them too. Thank you! "     cryohellinc View Public Profile Find all posts by cryohellinc   (#3) FrostNixon Newbie   Videocard: GT 555M 1GB Processor: Intel Core i7 2670QM Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: Laptop 12-19-2016, 13:19 | posts: 31 Those prices are getting ridiculous.     FrostNixon View Public Profile Find all posts by FrostNixon   (#4) Pete J Master Guru     Videocard: Some of those as well Processor: Got one of those Mainboard: Yes, she is Memory: ming speed Soundcard: I've talked in public PSU: Rather personal isn't it? 12-19-2016, 13:50 | posts: 381 | Location: Blighty Quote: Originally Posted by FrostNixon Those prices are getting ridiculous. Absolutely! What's with the absolutely MENTAL price jump for going from the G752VS(KBL)-GC310T to the G701VIK-BA047T? I get the 1080 will add a few beans, but that's just ludicrous (speed). Is the i7-7820HK a hexacore or something?     Pete J View Public Profile Find all posts by Pete J     (#5) Robbo9999 Master Guru     Videocard: Zotac GTX1070 AMP Edition Processor: i7-6700K @4.5Ghz (Air) Mainboard: MSI Z170A Krait Gaming 3x Memory: 16GB G.Skill DDR4-3200 Soundcard: Asus Xonar U7 USB PSU: EVGA SuperNOVA 650 G2 12-19-2016, 19:21 | posts: 432 Quote: Originally Posted by Pete J Absolutely! What's with the absolutely MENTAL price jump for going from the G752VS(KBL)-GC310T to the G701VIK-BA047T? I get the 1080 will add a few beans, but that's just ludicrous (speed). Is the i7-7820HK a hexacore or something? Yeah, it's not good value at all, but that would be the x2 512GB SSD's and the extra 16GB RAM - you know how builders love to charge extra extra for those, and not to mention the 1080 too!     Robbo9999 View Public Profile Find all posts by Robbo9999 « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top

Share 4 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-02 Maddie Ziegler YouTube Channel Launched: ‘Dance Moms’ Star Says ‘It’s Gonna Be Really, Really Fun’ Entertainment 2017-01-01 Netflix News: What’s Leaving In January Entertainment 2017-01-01 Whose New Year’s Eve Meltdown Was More Entertaining, Don Lemon or Mariah Carey? Entertainment 2016-12-30 ‘Celebrity Big Brother’ 2017 Updates: Kim Kardashian’s Sex Tape Co-Star Rumored To Join The Cast News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-01-02 Poll: Most Americans Don’t Think Donald Trump Can Prevent Scandal In His Administration News 2017-01-02 Oklahoma Earthquakes: Series Of Small Earthquakes Rattle Oklahoma Residents News 2017-01-02 Mugshot Model Jeremy Meeks Had An Amazing 2016 After Doing Time News 2017-01-02 The Real Story Of The Trump Draft Deferment: Did He Dodge The Draft With A Medical Excuse? Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Football 2017-01-02 The Chicago Bears Should Target These Three Players In The Offseason Wrestling 2017-01-02 WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Wrestling 2017-01-02 ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: Goldberg Talks About ‘Royal Rumble 2017’ [Live Updates] Basketball 2017-01-02 NBA Trade Rumors: Avery Bradley To Lakers, Jahlil Okafor To Celtics, Jordan Clarkson To 76ers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolutions You Can Actually Keep Lifestyle 2017-01-01 New Year’s Resolution Tips: Experts Tell How To Pick And Stick To Your Resolutions In 2017 Lifestyle 2016-12-31 New Year’s Resolution: 7 Things You Must Add To Your List Lifestyle 2016-12-30 Anything Open New Year’s Eve & New Year’s Day? Holiday Hours For Stores, Restaurants, Banks, Post Office As We Ring In 2017 Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-02 Over 700 U.S. Hospitals Penalized For ‘Superbug’ Infections And Patient Injuries: Is Your Hospital On The List? Health 2017-01-01 FDA Warns Pregnant Women Of High Rate Of False Positives For Zika Test: Less Than Half Of Positive ZIKV Detect Test Samples Actually Had Zika Health 2017-01-01 New Form Of Medical Marijuana Helps Treat Kids With Epilepsy Health 2016-12-31 What Is Intersex? Inside The Medical Condition That Is As Common As Red Hair Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ 1.6 Update: Review Of Last Stand Datamine Leak Reveals PvP Control Points, Dark Zone Gameplay Events, And Leaderboard Checkpoints [Rumors] Gaming 2017-01-02 ‘The Celebrity Apprentice’ 2017 Spoilers: Which Contestants Are Rumored To Go Far In The New Season With Arnold Schwarzenegger? Gaming 2017-01-02 For ‘Destiny 2,’ Bungie Focuses On Improving Storytelling Gaming 2017-01-01 ‘Marvel Vs. Capcom Infinite’: Mega Man X Huge Part Of Cinematic Story Mode, Developers Reveal BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 IPhone Case Looks Like A Gun – Brings Warning To Public From Police [Photo] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Mom Donates 18.5 Gallons Of Breastmilk Following Her Newborn’s Death, Claims Pumping Helped Her Heal BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Japanese Boy Band SMAP Quietly Disbands: Decision Not Unanimous, Indicates Agency Of Popular J-Pop Band That Was Together Since 1988 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-02 Trump Hates This Photo Of Himself On CNN’s ‘Unprecedented’ Book Cover: 25 Other Photos Trump Might Hate SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss 13-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Challenged By Razer Blade Stealth Technology 4 0 0 December 18, 2016 13-Inch MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Challenged By Razer Blade Stealth Daryl Deino According to most sources, the new 13-inch MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar is a beautiful device. Dan Ackerman of CNET called the new Pro a second-screen dream machine. “The inventive Touch Bar streamlines work and saves clicks, and Apple has improved almost every part of the thinner, lighter MacBook Pro, including a larger touchpad, faster components and a flatter keyboard. iPhone’s Touch ID is handy on the Mac, too.” Many believe that the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar is overpriced. [Image by Stephen Lam/Getty Images] As Ackerman notes, however, the price of the Touch Bar Pro — which starts at $1,799 for the Pro with an Intel Core i5 processor and 8GB of RAM — is very pricy when compared to the competition. The new MacBook Pro is considered overpriced by many who are looking for a competing ultrabook in the market. Judging by the reviews, they may want to take a look at the new Razer Blade Stealth. The $1,399 version of the Stealth includes a 12.5-inch Quad HD screen, a 7th generation (Kaby Lake) Intel i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD. For $200 more, you can have a 4K screen. Tech Radar gave the Stealth a perfect five stars. “The Razer Blade Stealth comes at a competitive price that demands attention over other higher priced Ultrabooks like the Dell XPS 13 and MacBook Pro. It performs better in a thinner and more affordable package than its competitors,” says critic Kevin Lee, who adds that the speedy Kaby Lake processor can handle heavy editing in both Photoshop and Lightroom without a hitch. Expert Reviews calls the new Razer Blade Stealth a Kaby Lake champion. “The Razer Blade Stealth is everything you could possibly want from an ultraportable laptop. It’s lightweight, packs a punch and is well worth showing off to the other less fortunate travellers on your morning commute.” The review especially praises the Chroma keyboard, where each key could be displayed with one of 17 million different colors. However, despite the higher specs on paper, critic Nathan Spendelow notes that the Stealth isn’t faster than the 13-inch Touch Bar MacBook Pro. The Razer Blade Stealth has received excellent reviews. [Image by Daryl Deino] “The Razer Blade Stealth offers better specs for less money than the competition and includes features others lack, such as a high-res touch screen and full-size USB ports. The design is slick, the price is right, but it’s not as slim and portable as other 12-inch laptops,” says CNET columnist Dan Ackerman, adding that — like others — the thick bezel around the screen is outdated. However, as good as the reviews have been, there have been some complaints from new Razer Blade Stealth owners on Reddit. “So, I’m using the new Razer Blade Stealth and it’s making a buzzing sound. Not to be confused with the coiling sound that I’m aware of, but this noise sounds like a bee buzzing. Any idea on what it is?” asks user Thuggy_Puggy, to which other users answered that it is actually part of the coil whine problem. The new Razer Blade Stealth, Lenovo Yoga 910, and Dell XPS 13 laptops that run the latest Intel 7th-generation processor have all received complaints regarding the fan noise being out of the ordinary. It’s likely that a BIOS update will make the noise on these devices controllable. For now, however, one can go into the Power settings and set the maximum processor speed to 99 percent — this has worked for many owners of all three of these ultrabooks. It’s important to note that there may be a significant amount of Razer Blade Stealth owners with complaints on Reddit, but the same can be said about the Lenovo Yoga 910, the Dell XPS 13, and even the MacBook Pro. Those satisfied with their computers aren’t as loud as those who aren’t satisfied. Still, one should check out the Razer Blade Stealth at the Microsoft Store to make sure the ultrabook fits their needs. Judging by the reviews, the Razer Blade Stealth is certainly on its way to mainstream success. [Featured Image by Daryl Deino] Now Watch This: Rare Underwater Footage Captured Below Antarctic Ice Now Read This: Samsung Galaxy S8 Leak Teases Continuum Feature For Next Flagship: Android/Chrome OS Hybrid On The Way? Share 4 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Daryl Deino Tags: Dell XPS 13, macbook pro, Razer Blade Stealth May 26, 2009 Thirsty? Try Bakon, the Bacon-Flavored Vodka May 26, 2009 Jennifer Espinosa, Maine East Teacher, Accused of Sex With 16-Year-Old Comments LATEST HEADLINES Camila Cabello Gets The Last Laugh As She Thanks 2016 Melbourne Polluted Beaches: Australia Officials Facing Stinky Situation, Warn Public Of Fecal Matter Incursion Trump’s New Year: Parties With Friends, Tweets Enemies Mark Hamill Writes Touching Tribute To His Friend Carrie Fisher Boy George Slammed For Mocking Bisexuals On Social Media WWE News: Alberto Del Rio Arrested After Fight In Austria Hillary Clinton’s Loss In The Election Was Imminent When She Canceled The Fireworks Show, Donald Trump Says Supreme Court Showdown: How President Obama Could Still Fill That Vacant Seat To Thwart Trump ‘The Walking Dead’ Ratings Cause Red Alerts With AMC Stocks ‘WWE Monday Night Raw’ Results: Goldberg Talks About ‘Royal Rumble 2017’ [Live Updates] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Julian Assange Has Confirmed That The U.S. Government Is Lying To The American People About Russia 34k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 37.1k 0 0 Win An iPhone 7 From ‘The Inquisitr’ 52 0 0 Theo James Not Engaged To Girlfriend Ruth Kearney, Shailene Woodley And ‘Underworld’ Actor Say Goodbye To ‘Divergent’ Movies 2.6k 0 0 Delayed Kindergarten Enrollment Dramatically Reduces ADHD In Children, Study Shows 374.7k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Tells Trump ‘Keep Your Promises’, Don’t Cut Social Security Or Medicare 2.3k 0 0 Recent Videos Automotive Uber Removes Self Driving Cars In San Francisco One Week After Launching Science Scientist Creates Artificial Human Skin From Algae Technology Google Will Not Make Autonomous Cars Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Key Takeaways From General Electric's Minds and Machines Presentation Industrial software is increasingly important to GE's performance. Here are the top reasons the company is leading in this industry. John Bromels (Truth2Power) Dec 19, 2016 at 11:44AM In November, General Electric (NYSE:GE) convened its fifth annual "Minds + Machines" event in the heart of tech country, San Francisco. This was the company's chance to highlight how far it's come in its quest to reinvent itself as "the digital industrial company" and share its outlook for the future.  There was a lot of information in the presentations for investors, as a lineup of bigwigs from not only GE, but also tech industry partners Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) unveiled products and plans for this emerging sector. Here are the top investor takeaways. GE is in the midst of a transformation to become the "digital industrial company." Image source: Getty Images. Digital is already paying off Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of GE Digital Harel Kodesh opened his presentation with a joke: Boy, what a difference the years make. You know, I remember two years ago, I was interviewing with Jeff Immelt, and I half-jokingly said said that in five years, people will be thinking of GE as a software company that also builds jet engines and MRI machines. And I think I was a little bit too conservative, because it's really coming together. He may have been joking, but he's not exaggerating. Today the company boasts of having used its Predix software platform to manage "smart buildings in San Diego, gas trains in Dubai, ships somewhere over the North Atlantic, factory automation in the central U.S.," and optimizing the U.S. rowing team in the Rio Olympics...just for fun. Services -- including software and analytics -- tend to be much more profitable than manufacturing. GE doesn't break out its profit margins on equipment vs. services in its reporting. But in 2014, CEO Jeff Immelt revealed in a presentation that GE's industrial services had about a 30% profit margin. That's more than double the company's overall operating margin, which was only 14.2% that year.  And the digital services revenue should come in even faster as GE ramps up its efforts. "This year, we have onboarded 19,000 developers," said Kodesh. "We will exceed the number we set for ourselves -- 20,000 -- by the end of the year. ... It's red hot." That's good: it means these efforts will pay off even sooner for investors. Living on the edge When it first launched, Predix was just a cloud-based operating platform. Once apps were developed for the platform -- apps to analyze data from or to operate GE's industrial machinery and systems -- those apps could be selected by a customer and run. That's good as it is, because it creates an ongoing need for GE's operational and analytical software. But now, GE is taking it to the next level with what they're calling "edge technology." Edge technology involves installing a Predix-enabled "edge device" -- a sensor, for example -- on a piece of industrial equipment. The sensor sits on the "edge" of the cloud, relaying data from the equipment to the cloud, and then pulling analysis from the cloud to give feedback to the equipment's operator or to make adjustments to the machine's operations directly.  Of course, this is of limited value if your facility can't access the cloud. That's why GE has partnered with Microsoft to make Predix available through Microsoft Azure. Microsoft is also leading the global rollout of Predix, which it is uniquely qualified to do. As Microsoft's Kevin Dallas boasted at the Minds + Machines conference, Microsoft has an "enterprise-grade hyperscale cloud" in 38 regions across the globe -- more than Alphabet's Google and Amazon combined.  With its global industrial equipment business, global access to the cloud is vital to GE for successful development of Predix. It also should be a valuable asset to Microsoft, if GE can execute its plan to make Predix the dominant platform for the Industrial Internet of Things.  Heavyweight partners Unlike an equipment sale, which ends once the machinery is delivered and the bill is paid, the sale of an operating system and analytical software -- particularly a cloud-based system -- requires ongoing interaction. GE is hoping to exploit this to establish long-term relationships with both its customers and business partners. For Microsoft, the relationship is not just one of service provider and client. As a result of its partnership with GE, Microsoft has begun to move beyond providing software "as is" and is now receiving a lot of interest from its industrial customers in creating custom software for their devices.  Intel is both a GE customer and a partner: It is not only working with GE on building out its industrial internet capabilities, but also uses Predix to operate its plant in Chandler, Arizona. And according to Marcus Kennedy, Intel's director of commercialization for industrial solutions, the choice to partner with GE was very simple: Intel realizes that the Industrial Internet of Things is going to look very different from the consumer Internet of Things, he said. Kennedy asked, "Who better to partner with on the industrial internet than someone who's been in the industrial space for more than 100 years?"  This is a big advantage for GE as it continues to grow its digital capabilities. It starts with a massive global footprint, deep pockets, and a very powerful industrial brand. It can use these advantages to leverage support from major tech partners like Microsoft and Intel, which in turn benefit from getting in on the ground floor. And by making these investments early and ramping up quickly, GE has an excellent shot at becoming the dominant player in the space. As Kodesh remarked, "We are emerging as the only solution for the industrial ecosystem." Investor takeaway It's very clear that GE's efforts to become "the digital industrial company" are more than just lip service. The company has invested heavily in the technology and is hiring the developers and making the strategic partnerships necessary to make its digital efforts a success. These investments are already bearing fruit in the form of clients and revenue.  In spite of all these new developments, though, GE's stock has barely budged, up less than 2% so far this year and up only 18% over the past three years. If you believe that GE can successfully execute its plans and build a $15 billion software business by 2020 -- and the evidence certainly suggests that it can -- the stock looks underappreciated by the market. Investors should expect good things from GE Digital in the coming years. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Bromels owns shares of GOOG, GOOGL, AMZN, and MSFT. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends GOOG, GOOGL, and AMZN. The Motley Fool owns shares of GE and MSFT. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Bromels (Truth2Power) John has found investing to be more interesting and profitable than collectible trading card games. He seeks growth and value stocks in the U.S., in Germany, and beyond! Article Info Dec 19, 2016 at 11:44AM Industrials Stocks Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $62.16 down $0.74 (-1.18%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.29 down $0.37 (-1.01%) General Electric NYSE:GE $31.60 down $0.11 (-0.35%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $792.41 down $-10.47 (-1.30%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $749.87 down $-15.28 (-2.00%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $772.33 down $-10.46 (-1.34%) Read More 5 Ways General Electric Company Can Grow Faster Than Estimates Instant Analysis: 3D Printing Start-Up Carbon Snags General Electric and BMW as Strategic Investors What Is the Industrial Internet? Would Trump AG Nominee Jeff Sessions Scuttle General Electric's and DuPont's Mergers? Why General Electric Is Betting Big on 3D Printing Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Key Takeaways From General Electric's Minds and Machines Presentation #stocks $MSFT, $INTC, $GE, $GOOGL, $AMZN, $GOOG
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 80,156 Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve 59,674 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' 27,411 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings 23,645 Mark Zuckerberg reveals he's no longer an atheist 21,630 Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher 19,573 Ex-wife of energy tycoon is sued for asking chef to cook 'black people food' Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy News Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Faithless elector plans to give John Kasich his vote By Daniel Halper View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) December 19, 2016 | 1:18pm | Updated December 19, 2016 | 1:53pm Modal Trigger John Kasich Reuters More On: electoral college US electoral system lags among Western democracies: report Washington state electors fined $1K for not voting Clinton Trump goes on the defensive again over losing popular vote When will Democrats learn to be careful what they wish for? John Kasich, the Ohio governor and failed GOP presidential candidate, will get a vote in the Electoral College, according to a “faithless elector” who says he’ll buck norms and not support President-elect Donald Trump. “I have an important duty as one of the 538 Electors,” says Chris Suprun, an attention-seeking Texas elector wrote Monday in an op-ed for The Hill. “Instead of voting for Donald Trump, I will be casting my ballot for Ohio Governor John Kasich,” the self-righteous Suprun states. “A recent poll shows the majority of Americans want today’s Electoral College vote delayed, which is why I’m asking my fellow Republican Electors to vote for Governor Kasich, in order to force the vote to the House of Representatives,” he adds. Here’s what happens if a ‘faithless elector’ goes rogue:  Suprun says the delay he hopes to cause — pushing the decision on who should succeed President Barack Obama until Jan. 6 when the votes are certified in the House of Representatives — is because he’s worried about Russian interference in the election. “[T]he Electoral College should have been briefed by the CIA,” he says, adding that lawmakers have been briefed by national intelligence agencies. Suprun so far is the only Electoral College Republican who has publicly pledged to toss tradition and vote for the person he wants to be president, instead of the candidate voters in his state supported. Unlike 29 other states, Texas does not bind electors to cast a vote for the candidate who won the state. Trump won 306 electoral votes, compared to Hillary Clinton’s 232 – less than the 270 needed to win. Elsewhere, state representative Christina Hagan, an Ohio elector, announced Monday that she will step down from her constitutional role in the Electoral College. The move comes after Hagan was facing a lawsuit due to her dual role as both an elector and state rep. Hagan vacated her spot, she said, to allow Monday’s Electoral College vote to proceed smoothly. “I did not step down due to the liberal left’s lawsuit. I stepped down to ensure they did not slow the process of electing the president in any way,” she told the Dispatch. “I am a firm believer that this is intended to be a peaceful transition regardless of their attempts to create excess hardships and havoc. I will be speaking today within the Senate Chamber to fellow supporters,” she said. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under 2016 presidential election ,  donald trump ,  electoral college ,  john kasich ,  voting Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next More baby boomers are turning to pot and booze Read Next More baby boomers are turning to pot and booze Most Popular This Week 1 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm 2 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance 3 Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica 4 How this home intruder got what he deserved 5 Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands 6 Debbie Reynolds rushed to the hospital Share Selection Trending Now in News 81,769 Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve 58,161 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' 26,802 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings Yule Log Click here for The Post's HD Yule Log from now until the end of the year! Now On LuAnn de Lesseps and Tom D’Agostino’s ‘tacky’ wedding request Inside Trump’s New Year’s Eve with Sly and Fabio Prince Harry fell in love with Africa after mom’s death SEE ALL Now On 10 Movies That Pushed The Boundaries Too Far SEE ALL Most Popular This Week Science says these are the men who will make you... Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica How this home intruder got what he deserved Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands More Stories pagesix Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings Now On Decider The 10 Sexiest Hidden Gems on Netflix nypost Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Arm Data Center HPC ARM buys HPC software specialist Allinea to help devs code good If Intel and IBM think HPC is a two-horse race, they need to think again 19 Dec 2016 at 00:06, Simon Sharwood ARM has splashed an unspecified quantity of cash on Allinea Software, the maker of tools that developers can use to get the most out of high performance computing (HPC) rigs. Javier Orensanz, general manager of ARM's Development Solutions Group, says the company “will use its newly acquired capabilities to accelerate its adoption in HPC and new markets.” Allinea's CEO David Lecomber says he's on board with that ambition and that “the whole Allinea organization remains together - as one HPC Tools team within ARM.” And that team will keep working multiple CPU architectures. ARM was already working on tools similar to Allinea's. Those efforts will now be combined and new people hired. It's generally agreed that machine learning and data analytics are going to become very, very big, and that lots of very, very, big computers are going to be required to run such workloads at very, very big scale. Which is why ARM wants in to the market in which its many virtues present a fine alternative to the Xeon and Power CPUs that currently dominate the field. ARM has a couple of early successes on its resume, notably Fujitsu picking ARM for a 1,000-PFLOPS super in Japan. The previous, SPARC-powered, version of that machine used 705,000 cores. Just how many it will need this time around hasn't been specified. The Register suspects the answer is “a very, very big number.” Which by coincidence is probably what ARM hopes will one day land on its balance sheet if its HPC push succeeds. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Xen 4.8 debuts, gives ARM servers vendors a reason to hope Good news for embedded virtualisers, Debian users and anyone who likes stability 2 Comments Qualcomm joins Xen Project Advisory Board And comes right out and says why: it wants more ARM-powered servers and clouds 3 Comments Fujitsu: Why we chose 64-bit ARM over SPARC for our exascale super Hot Chips Clue: When was the last time you heard nice things about SPARC Linux? 24 Comments Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA. Repeat, Intel is shipping an ARM-based FPGA Nobody tell Linux, okay? 30 Comments Fujitsu picks 64-bit ARM for Japan's monster 1,000-PFLOPS super ISC Sparc dumped in high-RISC maneuver? 58 Comments Xen releases updates, but also has eight patches about to drop Your choice: big update now or big update and security boost in two weeks Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Sayonara North America: Insurance guy got your back when Office 365 doesn't? Turns out there's a market for marijuana... plants' video surveillance Sphere 3D has had two offers to buy parts of its business It's a ratchet: Old storage guard face incoming tech squeeze Shrinkage!? But it's sooo big! More data won't leave storage biz proud Huawei says its NVMe arrays with NVMe drives will be out in 2017 So. A new tech upstart wants 'feedback'. Um, maybe it actually does Well, FC-NVMe. Did this lightning-fast protocol just get faster? Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Home Veterans Resources VA Benefits Jobs for Veterans Jobs News for Veterans Short Term Personal Loans Veteran Owned Small Business (VOSB) Medical & Health VT Cancer Foundation Forum RSS Feed Newsletter Sign-Up Apps VT APP (Android) VT App (Iphone) VT Radio App (Android) VT Radio App (Iphone) VT LIve & Net Radio YouTube ITunes Sound Cloud Android Devices Social Networks Facebook Google + Twitter Help Desk Submit Support Ticket Vladimir Putin We have one Fatherland, one people and a common future Home Government & Politics Civil Liberties & Freedom Corruption Democracy & Elections Foreign Policy Legislation Veterans Administration (VA) History Civil War (1861-1865) Cold War (1947-1991) Gulf War (1990-1991) Iraq War (2003-2011) Korean War (1950-1953) Libyan Civil War (2011-2014) Vietnam War (1955-1975) World War I (1914-1918) World War II (1939-1945) Investigations 9/11 Holocaust JFK Assassination Paris Attacks 2015 Sandy Hook Life Art, Books, & Entertainment Food, Wine & Travel Charities, Giving & Foundations Economy & Business Health Agent Orange Coping Gulf War Illness (GWI) PTSD Heroes Of Interest Education Environment Humor Peace, Causes & Activism Religion Veteran Service Organizations (VSO's) Media Military WarZone Afghanistan War Drug War New World Order War Ukraine Wars War in Syria World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Russia Editorial Board-Staff VT Writers Book Store Custom Weapons Official Store Apps Polls Job Center Contact Comment Policy Write for VT About Us Advertise Legal Notice Search Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare ‹ › Social Psychologist with Doctorate from Major Midwest Big Ten University. Retired after serving the community for over 36 years during which time there were numerous contacts with those associated with Intel and Law Enforcement. View Latest Posts >>> The Coming War on Pedophilia? By Preston James, Ph.D on December 18, 2016 Advice for President-Elect Trump on what must be done to attain his Agenda for America by  Preston James The late Jimmy SaVILE… Denny Hastert… behold the revolving door of nationally or internationally networked molesters. It was said that Sandusky was allegedly “just the driver for bigger fish” What is Donald Trump’s best path to attain the full agenda that he energetically promised to the American voters? And what actions could he take that could disprove the DNC and Major Mass Media allegations that he is a billionaire that has always had a silver spoon in his mouth. That he promised everything that dissatisfied Americans wanted to hear just to get elected and once in office will service his wealth one-percenter buddies? The best advice that can be given to him is to maintain the same strategy that won him the election, to mobilize and strengthen a growing emergent American Populism. This same American Populism that has emerged largely from the Alternative media of the worldwide Internet now demands and end to DC cronyism and endemic corruption that has occurred at every level of the USG. Trump’s winning strategy was to mobilize this emergent populist mass dissatisfaction of the American workers and disenfranchised middle class. Trump’s canny ability to focus on his adversary’s weaknesses were quickly strengthened and magnified by the massive leaks of DNC related emails published by Wikileaks. And no one yet has provided any evidence these emails were not genuine, and the Controlled Major Mass Media, an illegal News Cartel itself, has accepted them as legitimate despite frequent attempts to paint Trump as an enemy of We The People. News Cartel Trump’s campaign strategy, which turned out to be extremely effective included very canny edgy comments delivered daily that grabbed the headlines and main talking points.  His very greatest opposers, the CMMM, is run by six Media Moguls who answer to a large investment house in Switzerland that claims to be on the vanguard of investments. These CMMM enemies turned out to be Trump’s greatest campaign asset by providing hundreds of millions of dollars of free campaign advertising. How could this be you might ask, when the CMMM continually broadcast negative reports about Trump? Most Americans rejected at face value all these negative CMMM taking points about Trump, thus reinforcing their distrust of the USG itself and the CMMM. The more that the CMMM kept broadcasting anti-Trump news that seemed noticeably biased and false, the more the American masses supported Trump. I will not recite Trump’s populist agenda here because it is available at numerous sources and most know it by heart already. City of London statue But it is fair to say that not only is his agenda going to be extremely difficult to attain as promised, but in fact, his only chance of doing it is to capture a majority of Americans for full and energetic support. And this means he will have to win some of his opposers over to his way of thinking in full support of his agenda if he is to be able to fully attain it. Like it or not, the Clinton and Obama Presidencies have been unable to reverse all the massive damage to the American economic system that was created by GHWB and his Cabal and by Bush2, which many now realize was fully authorized by the City of London private Banksters and the Rothschild Khazarian Mafia (RKM). Two Gulf wars and war in Afghanistan, set up as perpetual wars to be continually lost like Korea and Vietnam, have drained the US taxpayers’ wealth and transferred it to the Defense Contractors (especially the no bid types) and the large RKM related bloodline families which own large blocks of their stock. How did America end up being run by a foreign espionage front, the City of London Rothschild Khazarian Mafia private Fiat Banksters? And ever since a major coup d’état against America was successfully implemented in 1913, our manufacturing of US Money and its distribution has been hijacked by a foreign espionage entity dedicated to the complete asset stripping and destruction of America. The means to do this was for the US Banksters (aka the Federal Reserve, a foreign owned bank, a franchise of the Rothschild City of London private Fiat Banking System), to form a critical alliance with the Saudis and some other Mideast oil producers. This oil alliance was a three way agreement between the major oil companies, these oil producers and the USG. It involved the US Military and NATO providing complete military protection for these oil producers as long as they agreed to accept US Dollars for their oil. Nixon and Kissinger This caused the US dollar to become the Reserve Currency for the whole world and the USD became referred to as the US Petro Dollar. At about the same time, Nixon under the advice of Kissinger, removed the requirement that the US Dollar had to be backed by Gold and Silver, transforming them into Federal Reserve interest bearing Debt notes only. This was completely unconstitutional and illegal and was soon followed by the theft of all American gold from Fort Knox and other repositories by the COL RKM Banksters. The bottom line to this hijacking of our own Constitutional money creation and distribution system is this: We The People have been forced by our own USG to pay usury to use what should have been our own Constitutional money in the first place and have also been forced to pay illegal Federal taxes which were imposed the say way that the COL RKM Banksters hijacked our money creation and distribution system in the first place—by bribing and human compromising our elected politicians and our President to violate the US Constitution and Rule of Law. Once our Constitution and Rule of Law was violated by these foreign based COL Banksters (an act of blatant foreign espionage against America), it was then easy for these Banksters to proceed to buy off, human compromise and coerce almost every single top USG official, elected or appointed. Those that don’t cooperate are then voted out by various sophisticated means like massive support for a selected opponent, redistricting, wrongly, falsely smearing. This was done to Representative Cynthia McKinney and also to Senator Dave Durenberger. Or prosecuting and/or jailing by use of trumped-up fake charges and fake evidence like what was done to Governor Don Siegelman or Representative James Traficant (both were completely innocent). Some believe that James Traficant was murdered in a staged tractor accident upon orders by the SPC (COL RKM) at his farm after his release from prison. Putin and the Russians had nothing to do with the DNC’s emails being leaked and published by Wikileaks. The claim that he did by elements in the CIA’s top management, DNC leaders and the Controlled Major Mass Media (CMMM) is a psyop to derail Trump’s election win by manipulating the Electoral College electors. This Psyop is perhaps also based on the fear that Wikileaks is a Mossad Op and Trump is perhaps being manipulated covertly by RKM Zios without his knowledge in a very crafty covert operation to put him in power where they can manipulate and use externally based economic and political forces to manipulate him. The best guess who provided the DNC emails to Wikileaks which appear to have originated with the NSA raw data is an American Intel group. A very good bet is that it is a group of deep black, high ranking American Intel insiders who have access to all NSA raw data provided the DNC emails to Wikileaks or some other group that has such access. This Psyop which wrongly blames Putin obviously ignores is any attention to the fact that none of the leaked emails have been contested and claimed to be untrue. Nor has the DC Establishment, the FBI or the CMMM viewed them as evidence of major RICO crimes as they should for such crimes as illegally manipulating the nomination process to move Bernie Sanders out of the nomination process. This is where the emphasis should be. And major LE efforts should be made to prosecute the BCC and many others for all the Mideast war crimes and lies which resulted in the functional financial demise of the USA and millions of needless deaths, including the thousands of dead, suicided and disabled American Soldiers. Some insiders claim that the DC Establishment greatly fear Trump because he is not believed to be a member of any Secret Society or the Satanic Pedophile Network, which most top Republican, as well as top Democrat Members of Congress, are alleged to be. If true, this would likely make it extremely difficult or impossible for the DC Establishment to control him. Trump has no chance to succeed in attaining his agenda unless he deals head on with this massive financial theft and fraud of American wealth by the foreign espionage system (the COL RKM) which runs the Federal Reserve System. This COL/RKM Banksters system has imposed the massive fraud that We The People owe them trillions of dollars in interest for using what should have been our own money in the first place. Actually under US Law and the US Constitution we owe them NOTHING. There is no legitimate Federal Debt nor is their self-imposed name the Federal Reserve (“the Fed”) legitimate either. The FRS is no more a part of the USG than federal express which is a private corporation. With proper executive PDD orders signed by Trump and proper adjudication, the FRS could be eliminated, the owners convicted of massive RICO Financial Fraud and all their assets could be clawed back because there is no statute of limitations on fraud. So if Trump wants to succeed he will have to credibly communicate the conclusion to We The People that there is no legitimate Federal Debt owed to the FRS (franchisee of the COL RKM private Fiat Banksters) and that this must be immediately corrected with all stolen funds recovered and returned to taxpayers. Trump must gain massive support of We The People and Congress to dump the FRS. This will be necessary to cancel this phony FRS US National Debt and take the creation and distribution of American money back into the US Treasury, where it must be backed by Gold, Silver clawed back from the COL/RKM Banksters that stole it beginning in 1971. Government owned commodities and real estate can also be used to back the US Dollar. Trump’s biggest enemies will be those who have been inducted into the large Satanic Pedophile Network (SPN) which is run as a massive human compromise, mind-kontrol system by the COL RKM used to keep initiates compromised, blackmailable and in line. This massive SPN is financed in America by the City of London RKM private Fiat central Banksters through their largest franchise, the Federal Reserve System (FRS). This provides endless funds supply of funds to buy, bribe and finance any necessary human compromise operations including the Satanic Pedophile Network which is used to keep top USG Officials and major Corp leaders (including the CMMM moguls) in line, doing what the COL/RKM Banksters and their Superiors demand. _________ Perpetual Wars and the Seeds of Gladio “New Gladio” Historically it has been is generally recognized that for any ruler to consolidate power he must engage in a serious pre-engineered war with another nation or nations. In the past other leaders split this into real foreign wars (unconstitutional, perpetual, undeclared, unwinnable) and created other “social wars” on the home front, like the war on poverty, the war on crime, the war on drugs, and now the war on terrorism. The Bush Crime Cabal (BCC) working at the direction of the COL RKM Banksters very craftily created a new major world war that was also brought home to America’s mainland. This new War on Terror was created through the use of NATO’s Operation Gladio left-behind Nazi Army and hired CIA mercenaries, largely financed by Saudi Arabia. These disposable mercenaries have been deeply mind-kontrolled by certain large DOD contractors who deployed some very sophisticated mind-kontrol technologies based on remote psychotronic brain entrainment. Their leaders have been high ranking CIA, Mossad and IDF who have all lost their very souls during initiation human compromise rituals. If Trump tries to attain his agenda without cancelling the fraudulent imaginary US National Debt, he will be doomed to failure. Why is this? Because the US Petro Dollar is well on its way to rejection as the world’s reserve currency and in addition this imaginary unconstitutional and illegal multi-trillion dollar FRS debt bomb will finish off We The People by asset stripping us right into the street, homeless unless it is exposed as a fraud and cancelled by Trump as soon as he is seated. If he tries to cancel this fraudulent imaginary FRS/COL RKM US National Debt without complete populist support of We The People, he will fail because the Satanic Pedophile Network (SPN) runs the CIA and most of DC (including the top Democrats, top Republicans, and every official USG agency, as well as the CMMM. In practical terms this means that those Democratic and Republican leaders and high USG and Intel officials compromised by their secret evil pedophile addictions and membership in the SPN could be easily coerced by the COL RKM (the folks who control the SPN) to thwart Trump on all fronts. The only way for Trump to neutralize these opponents is to continue reinforcing American populism and then mobilizing it to attack these high USG and Intel officials held captive by the SPN. To defeat his opponents and attain his agenda, Trump must create a new War on Pedophilia in America. He knows that America cannot afford any more expensive foreign wars so it must be a war against evil at home and nothing is more real or more evil, or more easy to prove that the presence of this very large, very powerful SPN that controls the DC Establishment, the top Corporate leaders, Intel and USG agencies. American mothers are a sleeping populist giant that once awakened can easily be mobilized to attack this large and powerful SPN on all fronts, especially by petitioning, calling, writing and demonstrating against the CMMM who will work to cover it up. If Trump really wants and intends to drain The Swamp, then he will need most Americans to support his efforts in this Once the American mothers find out how massive this Pedophile problem is within the USG and that the CMMM has been covering it up along with the FBI for many years, they will create a massive unending populist sh*t-storm against the SPC, the FBI and the CMMM. Det. James Rothstein, NYCPD Gold Shield, Police Intel, NY Crime Commission Special Squad (now retired). America’s No. 1 expert in sex trafficking, organized pedophile human compromise ops and illegal narcotics trafficking. Responsible for the prosecution and conviction of more high level human compromise criminals than any other LE person in America. Det. Rothstein is a totally stand up man who can be trusted and has a distinguished record that is unmatched. Note that the FBI makes token arrests of the small independent Pedophile Networks that arise from the websites that they themselves set up as entrapment stings to fool the public and keep their cover-up in place. Trump can take care of these soulless scumbags by bringing massive anti-trust to break up these six CMMM and by prosecuting them for serving as a front for the foreign espionage of the COL/RKM private central Fiat Banksters. It is these COL/RKM Banksters who are using the FRS trying to completely asset strip the America worker and taxpayer, to start and then destroy America the Republic and Balkanize it into ten separate Globalist/NWO territories. Actually this War on Pedophilia would be a great means for Trump to mobilize the American mothers who are the SPN’s greatest potential enemy. This fact has been stated numerous times publicly by the foremost expert of Pedophilia and sex trafficking Detective James Rothstein (NYCPD Gold Shield, Police Intel, NY Crime Commission Special Squad). Detective Rothstein has claimed that the only effective mass weapon that can be deployed against the Pedophile Network to stop it cold is a change in the laws covering investigation, by providing protection for Police and LE that investigate and prosecute these unimaginably evil crimes. Effective action must include massive publication of this Pedophile Network by the Alternative Media on the Internet to the point it awakens and angers the mothers of America in mass and drives these facts into the mainstream news. Detective Rothstein has claimed that as high as 70% of high USG officials have been compromised by Pedophilia. Two separate investigations of Congress about 25 years ago (one from an FBI deep cover informant, the other by LE Intel) showed that 39% and 42% of male members of the US Congress were so compromised. _________ Conclusion Nothing makes American mothers more enraged than pedophile crimes against young defenseless children by high politicians that abuse their power and trust given them by the voters. Some of these crimes at the highest levels of the SPN include torture, murder, vivisection, cannibalism after the sexual abuse and rape. When the American women become informed of these high level crimes en masse, they will become enraged. And nothing could ever be more powerful than American Women enraged en masse over these extreme crimes against defenseless children and infants, NOTHING. Trump must activate this rage by publicizing this problem, setting up a clean special independent prosecutor and recommending special grand juries in every state to investigate and charge. If promised protection, numerous seasoned LE and Intel will come forth and present rock solid evidence. Immunity agreements can be made with many folks at the periphery of the SPN who would have otherwise testified against it but for their fear of being immediately murdered. The iron grip over DC of the COL/RKM’s Satanic Pedophile Network (SPN) will be exposed and broken. Trump is the only one that has the power to do this and to mobilize massive emergent American Populism. Once he has done this, he can fully attack the SPN, which will break the control that the COL/RKM Banksters exercise over America at every level. If Trump refuses to go after the COL/RKM private Banksters and their espionage front the FRS; refuses to cancel the US National Debt after exposing it as a fraud; refuses to dump the FRS and bring all money creation and distribution into the US Treasury; stop charging interest to use what should have been our own real money in the first place; refuses to prosecute the RKM/COL/FRS kingpin-owners under RICO; refuses to break up the CMM and prosecute them under RICO; refuses to expose the massive existence of the Satanic Pedophile Network and to fully investigate and prosecute all top members to the fullest extent possible under RICO and murder; refuses to mobilize the American mothers in mass to support him and also fight against these soulless pedophile scum in high places; … then we must all assume that he was put in place by the head of the Zionist Globalists themselves by deployment of a very crafty, deep black covert operation. _________ _____________ Related Posts: Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Imagine if Donald Trump actually did become American president Israel: The Elephant in the US Election President Barack Obama Strikes back at Donald Trump Lawmaker says Russia-US ties may change if Trump elected US president The views expressed herein are the views of the author exclusively and not necessarily the views of VT, VT authors, affiliates, advertisers, sponsors, partners, technicians, or the Veterans Today Network and its assigns. LEGAL NOTICE - COMMENT POLICY Posted by Preston James, Ph.D on December 18, 2016, With 17316 Reads Filed under Investigations. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. FaceBook Comments 11 Responses to "The Coming War on Pedophilia?" tomt45  December 22, 2016 at 9:07 pm trump has been to jeffrey’s “epstein island”, and is being sued, for the same, by those as children, that were abused … not sure why he would do any thing worthwhile. or why anyone would think he would. Log in to Reply Howard T.Lewis III  December 21, 2016 at 2:07 pm Back in 1971 we took on these swine as a pack of high schoolers. I was 17 and spent some time face to face with several of Seattle’s finest in front of a huge under aged keg party, The cops respected us and our attitudes and NEVER took our keg. No parents were available to back us up, and one of my friend’s younger brother had been kidnapped after a ‘party’ thrown by a group who later became Bush43 neocons after serving Washington State U.S. Senator henry Jackson up until about 1984. Huma Abedin and the Podesta brothers spent time around them in 1983 and probably more often. Do lobbying efforts as a group because just one or two people are easily dismissed with a quick lie or two. We got the neocon’s pedopimp for Queen Anne Hill area busted and sent to MacNeill Island, which is more than anybody else did that I ever saw. They really had no choice. The photo of Johnny Gosch as a kidnapped paperboy was probably taken just after these ‘chicken hawks’ cruised Seattle and Lynnwood to the north. With out concerted cooperative effort by citizens, little impact will be made without radical behavior, which is usually proven counter productive. Our way worked until we believed an adult would pick up the ball and run with it. My friend;s parents spent a lot of money on attorneys but the neocons just laughed at them. They were at this party, which they hosted. Log in to Reply JS  December 19, 2016 at 9:07 pm Good article! You said, “American mothers are a sleeping populist giant…” I’d like to add, dads too! And let’s not forget the legions of grandmothers and grandfathers, who have more time to devote to this, and just as much passion. Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  December 19, 2016 at 9:12 pm Good point. Normally the mothers must get enraged first and put pressure on the men they know (husbands and brothers) to do something. Politicians would likely be afraid of mass uprisings by women more than men, and mothers have very strong instincts about protecting their children and other children too. Zina Ciceklic  December 19, 2016 at 9:51 am There are many indications that the Trump pedophile, and even worse: https://fitzinfo.wordpress.com/2016/10/29/trump-controlled-by-mossad/ Log in to Reply Preston James, Ph.D  December 19, 2016 at 1:22 pm I haven’t seen any prosecutable evidence of such. Allegations without evidence don’t cut it. Richard Arlen  December 19, 2016 at 9:05 am DR JAMES YOUR LAST LINE “‘WE MUST ASSUME HE WAS PUT IN PLACE BY THE ZIONIST GLOBALISTS THEMSELVES.CORRECT!!!!THEY USED THE NEGATIVE SELL AS YOU SO APTLY DESCRIBED BUT DID NOT PUT THE CORRECT NAME TO IT.EVERY HUSTLER ON THE PLANET USES THE NEGATIVE SELL WHEN THEY WANT TO COVER THE REAL CLOSE.AND H CLINTON ACTED AS HIS CLOSER WITH THE “”DEPLORABLE S”” ,THAT DID THE TRICK .THE MORONS ATE IT. Log in to Reply Jim Denton  December 20, 2016 at 8:10 pm absolutely agree Trump is just as much a part of the globalists as hillary, with his allegence on the rothchild side of the rockefeller/rothshild cabal. JohnZ  December 19, 2016 at 7:59 am Another excellent article. The COL RKM has perverted every government it has come into contact with. They, the RKM are themselves perverted and degenerate beyond imagination. The only way to stop this is to eliminate the COL RKM and that means physical destruction. The Rothchild family itself must be rooted out and removed from society. Its wealth returned to the people from which it stole it from and those family members to be imprisoned perpetually. The end of the Federal Reserve is going to take more than just words, after all, consider JFK had written a presidential order to shut it down and look what happened to him. The only way to destroy this evil is to destroy the evil behind it and the only way to accomplish this is for a president or leader to become absolutely ruthless in their campaign. This world will have no peace as long as the COL RKM exists. It feeds on war and death. This monster needs to be exterminated. Log in to Reply wjabbe  December 19, 2016 at 6:00 am Trump rarely if ever talked about the national debt during the campaign. He did indicate he detests settling cases and would prefer to run them to their conclusion via a jury verdict. He did the unusual act of settling his Trump University case by paying $25 million to move it off the books before Jan. 20, but many more cases are in the pipeline. He talked about forcing other countries to pay more for our security protection. He specifically criticized Janet Yellin of the FED but was unspecific about his criticisms. He is obviously a bully. Perhaps he plans to walk away from the national debt. But all H will break loose if he does. However I could see him doing this and perhaps this is why the powers that be fear him so. Who knows? The strategy of the article is good if he would follow it. And remember is he is an expert at money and how to move it from other bank accounts to his bank accounts. He also stated he would not accept any salary for doing this difficult job which is a credit to him if he keeps his word on this. Log in to Reply Trakkath  December 19, 2016 at 4:11 am Thank you for that infos, good to listen to good news Kent Dunn: satan 4th Reight Nephilium Giants Last Fight Against God, D Rockefeller & N Rothcild Dead ht tps://youtu. be/azbK53uzNk8 Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post a comment Login WHAT'S HOT Latest Top 10 Comments Will Kissinger be a private bridge between Trump and Putin? In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name PTSD and the Toxic World Around Us Unprecented: President to Enter White House Facing Child Rape Trial Roland Organic Juicing Optimal Health Program – Happy New Year Democrat vs. Democratic Israel: Downfall of Netanyahu Predicted but Desire to Occupy Persists RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare Will this Syrian ceasefire die like all before it? Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia Avnery – The UNSC Resolution Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months Jordan Army Chief Says ISIL Militants Acquired Anti-Aircraft Missiles Iraqi army makes gains in Mosul as ISIS suicide blasts kill 28 in Baghdad Three Perennial Lies in the World Military, Political and Diplomatic Trends Of 2016 That Will Shape 2017 NEO – Clooney and the “White Helmets,” Dupe or Dope? American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams A Storm Is Coming (12999) Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? (9216) Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) (8502) UFOs and the Secret German Space Program (6944) Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world (5817) CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? (4355) VT: We are winning the fake news war (4200) Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More (4001) And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. (3816) Syria-Gate: NATO weaponry and personnel in East Aleppo (3611) Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? David Ansible: In which Alex Jones explodes in blubbering rage at the mere mention of my name Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Trakkath: Three Perennial Lies in the World Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Trakkath: Alla Pierce – Polish ambitions in global politics in 2017 Edward Longshanks: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Edward Longshanks: RT Joins the Dogs with Pit Bull Scare kaho: CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? Jolanski: American Insanity: Time to End Billions of Taxpayer Monies Sent to Fund Crazy 19th Century Zionist Dreams VT Readers Poll Do You Support USA Abstaining from UN Resolution on Illegal Israeli Settlements on Indigenous Peoples Land? Yes, agree with USA abstaining Yes, but I wish they would have VOTED in agreement in rest of world No, USA should have VETO'd the vote and stand with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Featured Columnists Allen L Roland, PhD Bob Johnson Bob Nichols Brig Asif H. Raja David Swanson Ed Mattson Gilad Atzmon Gordon Duff, Seni.. Ian Greenhalgh Jim W. Dean, Mana.. Johnny Punish Jonas E. Alexis Kadir A. Mohmand Kevin Barrett Leo Emil Wanta Michael Shrimpton Mike Harris Paul Fitzgerald Press TV Preston James, Ph.D Sami Jamil Jadallah South Front Stuart Littlewood World News Tommor.. Personal Finance View all Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 Follow these simple steps to improve your personal finances in 2017 How to Set, And Keep, Your Personal-Finance Resolutions 5 financial habits to adopt to get wiser about wealth in 2017 National News View all Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Farming programs helps veterans learn to farm Schools receive recognition for honoring local veterans New Law Provides Fertility Treatment Benefits To Wounded Veterans Foundation News View all Cancer Care for Our Veterans Cancer Care for Our Veterans VA Research on Cancer Career News View all Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Texas judge takes specialized court for veterans on the road Spring Mobile Joins HireVeterans.com! Area groups to offer veterans’ resource fair in January Network News View all VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN VT Welcomes Scott Stockdale to our Staff Writer Team at VNN Esteemed Broadcaster Dan Yaseen Joins VT VT Thanks Readers While Reviewing 2016 and Updates for 2017   Listen Live Radio TV Video Common Law vs. Corporatocracy in Pennsylvania: Radio Free Kanata, January 1, 2017 St. Aquinas on Endtimes & Antichrist’s Arrival Before the Triumph” “Meteor Warning for 2017” China Rising: Capitalist Roads, Socialist Destinations Exposing Fake News with Mike Harris Tribulation Cometh: Church & World In Eclipse TOP 50 READ ARTICLES THIS MONTH From Veterans Today Network Updated: Syrian Special Forces captured 14 US Coalition officers captured in Aleppo UPDATED: Turkish Intel Murders Russian Ambassador in Ankara, in Erdogan False Flag Ploy Aleppo Freed, Biggest US Defeat Since Vietnam The Coming War on Pedophilia? Did Israel Down a Russian Jet Over UNSC Smackdown? (UPDATE) The Hidden History of the Incredibly Evil Khazarian Mafia (Updated) A Storm Is Coming Jacob Rothschild is Guilty for the Conspiracy Against Humankind Satanic Pedophile Cabal’s Iron Grip of Evil Qatari princess having sex with seven men VT Exclusive: Largest Pedophile Ring in History, 70,000 Members, Heads of State, the Rats Scramble Should Putin liberate the Golan Heights? JFK Jr. Told the World Who Murdered His Father Sandy Hook Hoax: How we know it didn’t happen Berlin Terror Attack: The Only Option for Israel? Syria officially reveals data about foreign Intel officers in Aleppo CNN sympathizes with Ankara assassin U.S. Officials: Russia and Assad Won Syrian War, New World Order Agents Lost   Russia to annihilate killers of its doctor(s) in Aleppo UFOs and the Secret German Space Program Breaking: US Trying to Rescue Intelligence Officers from Eastern Aleppo City CUI BONO? Who gains from Istanbul New Year’s Eve attack? The Khazarian Mafia and their marionettes want to rule the world Times of Israel: Netanyahu goes to war with the world Mila Kunis: Hollywood producers want actresses to be pimps Vladimir Putin to NWO agents and Barack Obama: So, you want to get in the ring for a real fight? Vladimir Putin morally and intellectually humiliates Satanist Masha Gessen again Christmas Myth: Was Jesus Jewish? Top 5 Most Racist Countries in the World The role of the Spetsnaz in the liberation of Aleppo The Silent Coup: Putin vs. the Oligarchs Intel Drop, December 13, 2016 Russia’s Churkin takes Samantha Power to the woodshed on ‘moderate opposition’ myth Rape and Sex in German Cities After World War II Revisited (Part II) Russia and UN Condemn Trump on Israel and it won’t go away The Trump Card is played! Never Underestimate THE FOOL Large Number of Turkish, Saudi (Israeli) Officers Deployed in Syria’s Aleppo City Zio-Gladio strikes Europe! Berlin suspect, NATO auditor shot dead Anti-9/11-truth propaganda film “Sully” was produced by Steven Mnuchin Trump’s Nazi Supporters Aghast as Mossad Chief Joins Trump Transition Team Benjamin Freedman Exposed the Khazarian Mafia Russia tells Assad there is no ‘military solution’ for Syria And the biggest false flag story of 2016 is…. When the Lying Starts VT: We are winning the fake news war Mainstream Media Confirm Dalai Lama is A CIA Asset DealDash a Scam? 90% OFF or Rip-Off? Trump, Russia and Israel, a Fake Detente and Real Terrorism US Ambassador Samantha Power: Russia, Iran and Assad ruin our wicked plan in Syria Forbidden Videos, White Helmet Executioners and More Facebook Friend Us Twitter Follow Us Google+ Circle Us RSS Site Feed About Us Veterans Today (VT) is an independent online journal representing the positions and providing news for members of the military and veteran community in areas of national security, geopolitical stability and domestic policy. All writers are fully independent and represent their own point of view and not necessarily the point of view of any other writer, administrator or entity. Quick Links VT Live Radio & Video VT Apps Email Newsletter Advertise Contact Us Help Desk Search Archives Search Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 Search Veterans Today Network VETERANS TODAY NETWORK: National News | Foreign Policy | Job Board | Job News | Money | Forums | Net Radio | Veteran Owned Businesses (VOSB) | Partners: USS Liberty | Rense.com | Veterans Today Cancer Foundation | Log in  - Powered By Veterans Today Network
null
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Download Drivers and BIOS for MSI’s GL62 6QF Notebook Model The files are compatible with Windows 7 and 10 64-bit OSes Dec 19, 2016 14:52 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  MSI has rolled out the drivers for its GL62 6QF notebook model compatible with the 64-bit version of Microsoft’s Windows 7 and 10 operating systems, which should provide improved performance and usability. When it comes to the producers providing these files, know that Intel has put on the line its Chipset, Management Engine (ME), Rapid Storage Technology (RST), and USB 3.0 packages, while Realtek will enable the full functionality of the audio card and card reader component. In addition to that, Intel takes care of the device’s wireless capabilities (both WLAN and Bluetooth), Synaptics implements several Touchpad-related features, and Qualcomm ensures the unit’s Ethernet connection works properly. Moreover, Intel installs its HD Graphics build to improve the CPU’s gaming performance, while NVIDIA wakes up the dedicated video card so that owners can take details to a whole new level (however, it depends on what GPU model you have). As far as installation goes, to correctly apply these drivers, just save and extract the files, run the available setups one at a time, and follow all instructions displayed on the screen for a complete upgrade. That said, if you own this device, download MSI GL62 6QF Drivers, apply them to the unit, don’t forget to perform a reboot, and constantly check our website to stay up to speed with the latest releases #GL62 6QF#MSI#Drivers#Notebook reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Microsoft Updates Firmware for Its Surface Pro 4 Tablet - Get December Release Microsoft Makes Available December 2016 Firmware for Its Surface Studio System Download Drivers for MSI’s Powerful GL62 Notebook Model Download Drivers for MSI’s GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Notebook New Leaked Image Points to Continuum-like Functionality for Samsung Galaxy S8 Asus ZenFone AR Tango-Enabled Smartphone Inadvertently Confirmed by Qualcomm HTC's Next Flagship to Be Called “U Ultra,” Rumored to Pack 6-Inch Display ASUS Launching New ZenFone With Snapdragon 835 SoC at CES MSI CSM-B150M PRO-VHL Drivers Are Up for Grabs - Download Now Download Drivers for ASUS’s ZenBook UX303UB Notebook Model Sager NP7359 Notebook Receives Windows 10 Drivers - Download Now Download Drivers for ASUS’ ZenBook UX330UAK Notebook Model    MSI rolls out drivers for another notebook New Apps Babylon: Get one-click translation in any desktop application and term search results within an extensive collection of dictionaries and glossaries Chameleon Startup Manager Lite: Software utility which enables you to edit and manage the processes running on your computer, with support for multiple languages Chameleon Startup Manager Pro: A startup management tool that enables you to quickly remove unneeded startup items and monitors the system for new apps set to launch with Windows Portable CDBurnerXP: CD/DVD and Blu-ray burning software solution that can be launched directly from a removable drive, without requiring prior installation Collectorz.com Movie Collector: A fully-featured application that helps users create a movie database, group movies into folders, perform searches, and catalogue DVDs by their barcode ReaConverter Lite: Batch convert image files, add watermarks, edit photos and save them to a selected output format with this intuitive application GPU-Z Portable: A reliable and useful software solution that comes in handy to all those who want to keep an eye on the data regarding their video and graphics cards Reader comments Realtek Rolls Out New HD Audio Driver - Download Version 6.0.1.8018 more on: HD Audio i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2017 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out05:51 GMT +303 January 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports India Aims to Sell 'Cancer Curing' Cow Urine to The World © Flickr/ Kenneth Lu Asia & Pacific 18:20 19.12.2016(updated 18:22 19.12.2016) Get short URL 711167113 The Indian government is planning to support and promote large-scale research on medicinal properties of cow urine by infusing ancient knowledge with modern science at the upcoming Cow Science University. © AP Photo/ Channi Anand India to Set Up Combat-Capable Intel Service to Keep Vigil on Chinese ActivitiesNew Delhi (Sputnik) – If you are in India, do not be alarmed if someone suggests you to gulp down cow urine to cure a fever or joint ache. Cow urine, commonly known as ‘gomutra’ is used in many Indian cultures for therapeutic purposes. Concoctions having cow urine as the main ingredient are mentioned in the Ayurveda (the traditional Hindu system of medicine) as miracle medicine for a number of diseases including cancer. The Bharatiya Janata Party– led Indian Government hopes to introduce this elixir to the world by promoting large scale research to validate its medicinal properties. A recent workshop held at New Delhi’s prestigious Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) witnessed a number of research proposals floated by scientists and medical practitioners. Sources in the Ministry of Human Resource Development told Sputnik that the government is seriously considering one of the proposals that envisage setting up of a ‘Gow Vigyan Vishwavidyalaya’ (Cow Science University). Research at the university would mainly be geared towards validating cancer curing properties of Panchgavya- a concoction of cow urine, cow dung, milk and milk products. The government has set up a steering committee that would examine all the 40 proposals floated at the workshop and shortlist some for further action. The proposed research would be supported and funded by not only India’s Ministry of Health but also the Ministry of Science and Technology, Ministry of Education and Human Resource Development and the Indian Council of Medical Research. Dr RS Chauhan of College of Veterinary and Animal Sciences, Uttarakhand, claims that his research on cow urine has revealed that certain components help in enhancing immunity and kills cancer. If approved, he will take the research further to test its effects on humans. Cow is revered as a holy animal in India by Hindus. It has been a priority for the Narendra Modi led government to protect this bovine creature and support industries derived from its waste. The government has spent around $87 million on cow shelters, ban on cow slaughter and sale of cow meat and tightened measures to stop the illicit sale of cattle to neighboring countries. The increased protection and reverence given to cow has even led to inter-faith conflict in recent times. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! https://telegram.me/sputniknewsint ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 113 Related: India Denies Politics Behind Dalai Lama Meeting President Mukherjee India Racing to Develop Amphibious Warfare Hub in Indian Ocean Nasscom Unveils 10-year Cybersecurity Roadmap for India Tags: cow, urine, cure, India TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply marcanhalt 18:22 19.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete "Will that be a wet or a dry specimen, madam?" Reply Hagbard Celine 18:25 19.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete The greens will like that. A golden opportunity so to speak... Just poking a little harmless fun, nothing wrong with the indians of course. Reply kasivasantha 18:51 19.12.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete Just wait for the reaction from US med companies to discredit this action. Reply horseguards 19:00 19.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Let's see how the US pharmaceutical industrial complex reacts to any advance; killed at birth. Reply horseguardsin reply tokasivasantha(Show commentHide comment) 19:01 19.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete kasivasantha, You beat me to it. I didn't see your comment. Reply kasivasanthain reply tohorseguards(Show commentHide comment) 19:20 19.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete horseguards, thanks Reply Marques rouges 19:41 19.12.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Well, there could be something with cow urine... the fact is that just by thinking of it, I feel that I'm getting better already, and I won't need the treatment !Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 05:30Indian Official Blames Western Dress for 'Mass Molestation' on New Year's Eve 05:21Nationwide Customs Computer System Outage Creates Chaos at US Airports 05:20Georgia Implementing Reforms to Increase Interoperability With NATO 04:45This is What’s Wrong With Self-Driving Cars: People 04:41Turkish Army Kills 22 Daesh Militants, Destroys 111 Targets in Syria - ReportsAll news No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 15831 The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels 10071 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 8810 Happy New Year, America! The Message of Putin's Response to New US Sanctions 8678 How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 7418All news How China Could Help Russia From Being Totally Cut Off From Global Internet 99 Kissinger's Possible Role in US-Russia Normalization is 'Great News for Moscow' 61 No US Aircraft Carriers Now Deployed; None Expected in Middle East for Months 51 Dashed Hopes: EU Wanted to 'Break Ukraine Away From Russia, Not Integrate It' 47 Russia Comes Up With a 'Cold-Blooded Response' to Obama's Last 'Provocation' 39All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russia's Largest Car Manufacturer Celebrates 85 Years of Service Hit the Road Barack 'I'm Drinking the Stars!' How Champagne is Made News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Flight simulator sets fire to airport Yorkshire council hit with prolonged web outage HPE bucks trend to retain high-end server crown Government calls for ideas on how to splash £400m on fibre Ridiculously small Linux build lands with ridiculously few swears Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing A vintage year for snoopers and big state-ists Twas the week before Xmas ... not a creature was stirring – except Microsoft admitting its Windows 10 upgrade pop-up went 'too far' Russian 'grid attack' turns out to be a damp squib Top Secret -cleared SOCOM staff in 11Gb Govt contractor breach Obama expels 35 Russian spies over election hacking Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers IT ops doesn't matter. Really? HPE: We're 'opening floodgates' for Synergy orders... a year after launch The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study ClusterHQ? More like Clusterfscked: Cluster bombs, says it came to market too early Windows 10 nags, Dirty Cow, Microsoft's Linux man love: The Reg's big ones for 2016 Check your privilege: CoreOS's container tech rkt gets priv-escalation defense on Intel chips Docker opens up crucial container plumbing code cunningly disguised as 'boring infrastructure' Policy The Channel Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Qualcomm faces $853m fine for alleged antitrust violation How Google.org stole the Christmas Spirit Christmas Eve ERP migration derailed by silly spreadsheet sort El Reg just saved your Wikipedia Xmas US cops seek Amazon Echo data for murder inquiry Spotty battery life costs Apple's MacBook Pro its gold-star rating Tesla set to up prices by 5% in new year because of 'currency fluctuations' SPB Geek's Guide Elon burning to get Falcon back on the launchpad 2016 just got a tiny bit longer. Gee, thanks, time lords Chinese boffins: We're testing an 'impossible' EM Drive IN SPAAAACE NASA explains how 'Spiders' grow on Mars Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things ‘Artificial Intelligence’ was the Fake News of 2016 2016: The Rise of the Intelligent (cloud) Machines Meet the Internet of big, lethal Things Uber's self-driving cars get kicked out of SF, seek refuge in Arizona Verity Stob Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse The Life and Times of Lester Haines What gifts did ol' kitten heels May get this year? How Rogue One's Imperial stormtroopers SAVED Star Wars and restored order More like this Seagate Data Center Storage SK Hynix and Seagate exploring flash hookup Product, meet devs and distro... right? 19 Dec 2016 at 15:44, Chris Mellor +Comment SK Hynix has revealed it is thinking about creating a joint venture with Seagate focused on flash memory. A filing with the Korean regulatory authorities that was reported in The Korea Herald said: We are looking into various options, including setting up a joint venture with Seagate Technology PLC, to strengthen the mid and long-term competitiveness of our nonvolatile storage flash chips. But no decision has yet been made. Obviously neither Seagate nor SK Hynix are making any public comments about their talks and the progress, or lack of progress, made. But the background of the disk-to-flash storage transition and the technological and broad business trends affecting both companies is obvious. First of all, the disk drive market is declining as primary data storage in all sorts of devices changes from disk to flash, based on flash providing faster access to data with lower power and cooling needs. A flash foundry operator, like SK Hynix, needs product development, manufacturing and distribution channel capabilities to take its flash chip output. A vertically integrated, disk-based, development, manufacturing and distribution channel operator like Seagate needs to replicate its disk business model in the flash/SSD business, where it can bring its product and distribution-level expertise to bear on a flash output facility. Weak players Both companies are weak players in the flash chip and drive market. According to Trendfocus, in second 2016 quarter SSD market share terms: Samsung was number 1 with 40.8 per cent WD had 13.6 per cent Toshiba had 6 per cent Intel had 6.8 per cent Micron had 3.7 per cent SK Hynix had 3.4 per cent Seagate had 0.1 per cent Various suppliers such as Kingston (9.4 per cent), Lite-On (9.7 per cent) and others (6.5 per cent) made up the difference. The third quarter didn't provide any comfort for either SK Hynix or Seagate; Trendfocus SSG market shares in third 2016 quater Both Seagate and SK Hynix can see that 3D NAND is the last technology card left to play in the flash chip/drive market and that some other technology, such as 3D XPoint and ReRAM will take over in the 2020s. They can either get a real stake in the non-volatile chip/drive business now or wait and be banished from it, or find it hugely more expensive to buy their way in later. Seagate situation With WDC and Toshiba in a flash foundry alliance, and Intel and Micron ditto, then Seagate, number 2 in a 3-player disk drive market and arch apostle of vertical integration in the disk drive manufacturing business, is in a dreadful situation. It has had alliances with Samsung and, latterly with Micron, while espousing the message that it’s fine to buy NAND flash chips in the general market rather than be having strategic relationships with foundry manufacturers. Everyone and their brother seriously doubts this. The Seagate-Micron relationship was revealed in February 2015, and one aspect of this was to secure a strategic supply of Micron flash chips for Seagate. However, the Nytro XF1230 SATA SSD which Seagate announced in August 2016 uses SK Hynix chips and an SK Hynix LAMD controller. Clearly, at that point, Seagate’s commitment to Micron flash was weaker than thought. SK Hynix situation SK Hynix is primarily a DRAM supplier, number 2 after Samsung, with NAND as its secondary interest. It has partnered HP (HPE) over the long-delayed Memristor technology. However HPE is now allying with SanDisk over ReRAM. ReRAM together Micron and Intel’s XPoint looks like the leading contenders to replace NAND when that technology runs out of density development steam. In NAND, SK Hynix is a distant follower to the other foundry operators, with Samsung, WDC-Toshiba and Intel-Micron far ahead in terms of market share. How can SK Hynix develop its non-volatile chip foundry business when these other foundry makers are directly involved with product development and have better distribution channel? It needs to drastically enhance its product development and distribution channel capabilities. Comment on a joint venture Seagate is an obvious potential partner. Business Korea, citing industry sources, suggests SK Hynix would own 51 per cent of the potential JV with Seagate owning the rest. SK Hynix could pump in its NAND chips and controller technology, with Seagate contributing its controller and flash drive product capabilities, and its distribution channels to take the JV’s product output. The JV could use Intel and Micron’s IMTF JV and the WDC (SanDisk)-Toshiba relationship as models to show what’s possible. There are substantial issues to be resolved in any negotiations, such as funding, staffing, locations, leadership and so forth. Seagate, with two previous attempts at NAND flash chip tech supply deals behind it (Micron apparently, and Samsung before that) needs to show it can partner in this area. We wonder, as does a Seeking Alpha writer whether Seagate tried pursuing a closer deal with Micron? Setting up a JV with SK Hynix would be universally seen as a good thing, and show that Seagate’s leadership is still alert to strategic necessities, beyond relying mostly on fat, capacity-optimised disk drives for its future revenues. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 2 Comments More from The Register Flash? Nu-uh. Seagate nibbles on tiny slice of SSD pie But world SSD shipments up 46%, 128-layer 3D incoming Seagate flashes 60TB (yes, sixty) SSD monster Micron helps disk biz join the 3D NAND party 27 Comments Samsung revival hamstrung by 2014 Google deal – analyst Sammy can't stand out from the crowd because of non-compete pact 13 Comments SanDisk stockholders book a table, prepare for Western Digital gobble We're today's special on the menu, say investors Samsung fires $70m at quantum televisions Acquisition of semiconducting nanoparticle outfit feeds into next-gen screen research 17 Comments Actually, yes, Samsung, you do have to pay Apple $120m Decade-long game of patent tennis nearly over 36 Comments Whitepapers Overcoming the Obstacles to the All Flash Datacenter The top 6 challenges that can slow your adoption of all flash technology, and show you how to overcome them. Your top 5 cloud Data challenges solved The cloud s changing everything, Its transforming IT orgnisations with agility and efficiency like never before, enabling them to realise new IT as a service delivery models. Content management and collaboration platform for apps With Box Platform, businesses can add secure content management and collaboration to applications without having to build and maintain their own content infrastructure. The business value of Red Hat cloudforms Red Hat CloudForms offers customers a unified vendor-agnostic platform for automating self-service provisioning and workload life-cycle management across hybrid multivendor virtualised, private cloud, public cloud, and container-based environments Most read Folders return to Windows 10's Start Thing The Life and Times of Lester Haines Amazon files patent for 'Death Star' flying warehouse Trio charged with $4m insider trading by hacking merger lawyers Barcodes stamped on breast implants and medical equipment Spotlight Turns out there's a market for marijuana... plants' video surveillance Sphere 3D has had two offers to buy parts of its business It's a ratchet: Old storage guard face incoming tech squeeze Shrinkage!? But it's sooo big! More data won't leave storage biz proud So. A new tech upstart wants 'feedback'. Um, maybe it actually does Well, FC-NVMe. Did this lightning-fast protocol just get faster? Double-DIMMed XPoint wastes sockets I'm not having a VMware moment – there's just something in my eye Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Computer Base tests DX12's mettle in The Division by Wayne Manion  10:47 AM on December 19, 2016 Microsoft's DirectX 12 API gets more popular every day. The latest AAA title to add support for Redmond's low-level graphics API is Ubisoft's The Division. German hardware site Computer Base took some time over the weekend to run some performance analysis comparing different combinations of DX11 or DX12, Intel Core i7-6700K and AMD FX-8370 CPUs, and four different graphics cards from Nvidia and AMD. Roughly put, the results show that performance in The Division with DX12 is improved with all hardware combinations except for the Intel Core i7-6700K with Nvidia's GeForce GTX 1060. The biggest gain was the 13% increase shown by the Intel CPU with the GTX 1080. The AMD Fury X and RX 480 enjoyed improvements of four to nine percent regardless of CPU choice. The biggest changes in performance were at the 1920 x 1080 resolution, with deltas shrinking as the resolution went up. Some of the measured performance boosts were within the margin of error, though, like as the one-percent increase shown for the FX-8370 with the GTX 1060. Computer Base has more graphs, including some frametime charts, as well as additional commentary on their findings, auf Deutsch, of course. We are living in the 21st century and online translation tools do a pretty good job these days, so go take a look. Tags: Graphics Gaming Software Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities News provided by ReportBuyer Dec 19, 2016, 18:25 ET Share this article LONDON, Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details The latest report from business intelligence provider visiongain offers comprehensive analysis of the top 20 cyber security companies revealing their revenues and market share derived from the $80.7bn cyber security market. Now: The latest announcement that the cyber security pact between the US and China agreed to in September has not prevented Chinese hackers from continuing their efforts to steal intellectual property from US companies, has led visiongain to publish this unique report, which is crucial to your companies. This is an example of the business critical headline that you need to know about - and more importantly, you need to read visiongain's objective analysis of how this will impact your company and the industry more broadly. How are you and your company responding to this news? Are you sufficiently informed? How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW. In this brand new report you will receive 472 in-depth tables, charts and graphs PLUS 4 EXCLUSIVE interviews with experts from Kaspersky Lab, Honeywell International, IBM and Dell – all unavailable elsewhere. The 421 page report provides clear detailed insight of the top 20 companies in the cyber security market. It reveals the key activities and performance of these companies in cyber security as well as detailed insight into how current threats to cyber security and requirements for solutions are shaping individual business strategy. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you will be better informed and ready to act. Report Scope - Detailed profiles of the top 20 cyber security companies revealing their cyber security revenues, market share and top 20 ranking - BAE Systems plc - Check Point Software Technologies Ltd - Cisco Systems Inc - Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd (DTTL) - EMC Corporation - Ernst & Young Global Ltd (EY) - Fortinet Inc - General Dynamics Corporation - Hewlett Packard Company - International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation - Intel Corporation - Kaspersky Lab - L-3 Communications Corporation - Leidos Inc - Lockheed Martin Corporation - Northrop Grumman Corporation - PWC - Raytheon Company - Symantec Corporation - Trend Micro Inc - Each profile contains tables and charts detailing key financial performance indicators - Detailed tables for a total of 113 cyber security contracts - Each profile contains contract, services, product and M&A information - Detailed analysis of company performance and activities, identifying how cyber security threats and protection requirements are influencing business strategy - Analysis of the key factors, threats and security solutions that are driving the cyber security market - 472 detailed tables, charts and figures - 4 Interviews with key opinion leaders informing and underpinning the analysis: - Alexander Erofeev, Chief Marketing Officer, Kaspersky Lab - Jeff Zindel, Global Cyber Security Business Leader, and Erick Knapp, Director of Cyber Security Solutions and Technology, Honeywell International Inc - John Burnham, Director of Strategic Communications, IBM Security Systems - Julia Pope, Analyst Relations Lead, Dell Inc Who should read this report? - Anyone within the cyber security industry - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Technologists - Suppliers - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors How will you benefit from this report? - This report will keep your cyber security knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind - This report will reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data - You will learn how to exploit new technological trends - You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market through competitive landscape analysis - You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships with leading companies in cyber security Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the leading companies in the cyber security market. You will find data, financial performance, contracts and analyses of these companies. Buy our report today Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities. Avoid missing out by staying informed – order our report now. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3421852/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/top-20-cyber-security-companies-2015-analysis-of-leading-players-competitive-positioning--future-market-opportunities-300381584.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Dec 19, 2016, 18:26 ET Preview: Hand Dryers Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 - 2023 Dec 19, 2016, 18:24 ET Preview: Oligonucleotide Synthesis Market by Product & Services, Application, End user - Forecasts to 2021 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 19, 2016, 21:56 ETDepartment Stores Retailing in the Americas, 2015-2020 Dec 19, 2016, 21:55 ETInstant Noodles Market - Industry Trends, Manufacturing Process,... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities News provided by ReportBuyer Dec 19, 2016, 18:25 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Freedom to Control – Meet the DDJ-SZ2 Controller With Dedicated Controls for New Serato DJ Features TORRANCE, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Pioneer DJ has upgraded their flagship Serato DJ controller to create the DDJ-SZ2. Use the new DDJ-SZ2 4-channel controller to get hands-on with the latest additions to Serato DJ, including key shift, key sync, pitch play and Serato Flip. The multi-colored Performance Pads give you instant feedback on pad modes and playing statuses, and thanks to the improved jog wheel latency, scratching is more responsive and precise than ever. To help you get the most out of the controller, the DDJ-SZ2 comes bundled with the latest version of Serato DJ. The Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs are also included so you can use several new features including pitch play and key sync. The DDJ-SZ2 will be available in the U.S.A. and Canada in January 2017, with a retail price of $1,999.00. Watch the DDJ-SZ2 introduction video. Learn more about the DDJ-SZ2 controller for Serato DJ. FREE SERATO VIDEO EXPANSION PACK PROMOTION We’re putting a voucher for a free Serato Video expansion pack in the boxes of the first 3,000 DDJ-SZ2 controllers that we ship worldwide. This comes along with the Serato DJ, Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs bundled with the controller as standard, so if you’re one of the first DJs to buy the DDJ-SZ2, you’ll have full control of audio and video performances. KEY FEATURES OF THE DDJ-SZ2 1. Layout mirrors CDJ-style set-up Mix and scratch instinctively on the controller, which looks and feels similar to a full professional CDJ + DJM set-up. Big Jogs: Scratching feels natural on the big jog wheels taken from the CDJ-2000NXS2, and the illuminating On-Jog Display gives you information about the current playback status and position for more precise performances. Jog Feeling Adjust, also from the CDJ series, lets you customize the resistance and backspin time. Multi-colored Performance Pads: Use the large, multi-colored tactile Performance Pads to trigger Hot Cues, samples and FX. Hit the pads harder to increase the volume of samples and watch their colors change as they indicate the selected pad mode and playing status. DJM-style mixer section: Stay in control at all times thanks to the simple layout of the mixer section which mirrors the design of the DJM series. 2. Dual USB port for smooth DJ changeovers Dual USB ports lets you hook up two computers at the same time and use the top-loaded A/B switch for seamless DJ transitions. 3. Native support and dedicated controls for new Serato DJ features Key shift, key sync and pitch play: Use dedicated controls to trigger the new key shift and key sync functions in Serato DJ, which let you adjust the key of tracks and sync the keys of tracks during mixes. Pitch play lets you play your Hot Cues across a range of different keys and assign them to the controller’s Performance Pads. Serato Flip: Create and save Hot Cue sequences to make custom edits of your tracks and use the dedicated Serato Flip controls to play them back at the touch of a button. Get even more creative by skipping or repeating track sections on the fly. 4. Professional performance features and FX Sound Color FX: Spice up your sets with the four popular Sound Color FX from our DJM series; Echo, Jet, Pitch and Filter. You can sync Echo with the BPM of the track that’s playing. Oscillator: Add texture and tension to your tracks with the four oscillator sounds; Noise, Drop, Laser and Siren. Turn the oscillator parameter knob to create new tones. 5. Magvel crossfader The Magvel crossfader – taken from the club standard DJM-900NXS2 – is the ultimate to mix and scratch with. Accurate and smooth, it’s durable for more than 10 million movements and is liquid and dust resistant. 6. High-quality sound Hear your tracks loud and clear thanks to the audio circuit inherited from professional Pioneer DJ gear. Contact resistance is reduced by the AC inlet, and the high-performance D/A converter made by Cirrus Logic, Inc., and low jitter oscillator mean the DDJ-SZ2 reproduces clear and powerful sound that’s faithful to its source. 7. Other features Plug and play: Simply connect your laptop and start mixing via Serato DJ. All buttons and controls, as well as the built-in sound card, are Serato DJ-ready. Aluminium-finished top panel and jog wheels: For a quality look and feel. Slip Mode: Silently keeps a track playing during a loop, scratch or Hot Cue. Release the jog wheel and the track comes back at exactly the right place. Needle search pad: Instantly jump to a specific part of a track with a simple touch of the pad. Peak limiter: Controls clipping of the master output. P-Lock Fader Cap: Locks all fader knobs to prevent dropping.   DDJ-SZ2 SPECIFICATIONS           DDJ-SZ2 Software     Serato DJ Input ports     CD/Line x 4 (RCA) Phono x 2 (RCA) MIC x 2 (XLR & ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1, ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1) Output ports     Master Out x 2 (RCA x 1, XLR x 1), Booth Out x 1 (¼-inch Stereo Phone Jack) Headphone Monitor Out x 2 (Front ¼-inch TRS Jack, 3.5 mm Stereo Mini Jack)   Other ports     USB (Type B) x 2 Sampling Rate     44.1 kHz D/A Converter     24-bit A/D Converter     24-bit Frequency response     20Hz ～ 20kHz (LINE) Total Harmonic Distortion ratio     0.002% or less (USB) 0.004% or less (LINE) S/N ratio     111 dB or above (USB) Headroom     19 dB Maximum dimensions （W×H×D）     870 x 98.4 x 419.5 mm (34.3 x 3.9 x 16.5 in) Unit weight     10.7 kg (23.6 lbs)     SERATO DJ SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS   Compatible OS （Windows®）   Windows® 10, 8.1, 7 (The latest service pack) Compatible OS （Mac）   macOS Sierra 10.12, OS X 10.11, 10.10, 10.9 (Updated to the latest version) CPU (32/64 bit)   Intel® processor CoreTM i7, i5 or above Memory   4GB or more of RAM Serato Video requires a graphics card with 384MB of dedicated video memory Display resolution   Resolution of 1280 x 720 or greater   * Serato DJ is a registered trademark of Serato Audio Research Ltd. * Windows is a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. * Mac and Mac OS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. * Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. * The names of companies, product names, and technology names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. About Pioneer DJ Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. is the subsidiary of Pioneer DJ Corporation responsible for sales and marketing in North, Central, and South America. For more than 20 years, Pioneer DJ has been a market leader in the design and production of innovative DJ equipment and software. The company works closely with DJs and clubs to deliver next generation products that inspire and shape the global dance music community. Its portfolio includes brands such as Pioneer Professional Audio and Pioneer DJ Radio, rekordbox dj software, as well as social platforms KUVO and DJsounds. Pioneer DJ Corporation is a privately held company headquartered in Yokohama, Japan. Website: www.pioneerdj.com Stay up to date: www.pioneerdj.com/news Follow us on: Facebook at facebook.com/PioneerDJUSA Instagram at instagram.com/PioneerDJUSA Twitter at twitter.com/PioneerDJ YouTube at youtube.com/pioneerdjglobal Other Channels: www.rekordbox.com www.kuvo.com www.pioneerproaudio.com www.djsounds.com www.pioneerdjradio.com CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TBC Bank of Georgia Increases Loan Approval Rate by 40 Percent Using FICO Technology Next PostNext 花旗集團委任私人銀行、企業及投資銀行亞太區業務發展主管 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 12 January 2017. 6pm 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 12 January 2017. 6pm 26 January 2017. 6pm 09 February 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - US markets ended in the green yesterday, led by gains in telecom, real estate and technology firms. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:24 20 Dec 2016 ., December 20 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished mixed yesterday. The FTSE 100 index posted small gains, amid a sharp decline in the Pound. Exporters, Imperial Brands and Reckitt Benckiser Group advanced 1.8% and 2.7%, respectively. Precious metal miners, Polymetal International and Randgold Resources rose 1.3% and 2.3%, respectively, on higher gold prices. BP added 0.2%, after it signed an agreement worth $2.2 billion for a 10.0% stake in the Abu Dhabi Company for Onshore Petroleum Operation’s (ADCO) oil concessions. On the losing side, Ashtead Group tumbled 4.8%, after a leading broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Sell’ from ‘Neutral’. Barclays declined 2.7%, amid news that the lender is preparing to tell its 7,000 business clients to increase their trading or find another bank. Peers, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Standard Chartered dropped 2.0% and 2.8%, respectively. The FTSE 100 rose 0.1%, to close at 7,017.2, while the FTSE 250 slipped marginally, to settle at 17,782.4. US Market Snapshot US markets ended in the green yesterday, led by gains in telecom, real estate and technology firms. Apple, Intel and Microsoft gained 0.6%, 1.6% and 2.1%, respectively. Allied World Assurance Co Holdings surged 13.1%, after Fairfax Financial Holdings, down 2.1%, agreed to purchase the former in a cash and share deal for $4.9 billion. United Technologies advanced 2.1%, following a broker upgrade on the stock to ‘Outperform’ from ‘Neutral’ who also raised its price target to $125.0 from $108.0. Walt Disney rose 1.3%, after its ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ movie collected an estimated amount of $155.0 million in the US and Canadian markets over the weekend, scoring the second biggest ever for a December opening. The S&P 500 edged up 0.2%, to settle at 2,262.5. The DJIA rose 0.2%, to settle at 19,883.1, while the NASDAQ gained 0.4%, to close at 5,457.4. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed mostly lower yesterday, dragged down a slump in banking shares. Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena plummeted 11.0%, after the troubled Italian lender announced that it will launch a share sale programme to raise about €5.0 billion by the end of the year to avoid a rescue by the Italian Government. Deutsche Bank declined 3.7%, after a leading broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Sell’ from ‘Hold’. Meanwhile, news emerged that the lender might reach a deal to settle its claims with the US Department of Justice over mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities. Danone shed 1.4%, as it trimmed its sales outlook for the full year. The FTSEurofirst 300 index shed 0.1%, to close at 1,422.7. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 added 0.2%, to close at 11,426.7, while the French CAC-40 eased 0.2%, to settle at 4,822.8. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly higher this morning. In Japan, the Bank of Japan (BoJ) kept its benchmark interest rates unchanged and its 10-year Japanese Government bond yield target at around 0.0%. Oil giants, Japan Petroleum Exploration and Inpex have dipped 3.1% and 3.2%, respectively. Auto exporters, Toyota Motor, Suzuki Motor and Mazda Motor have declined 0.6%, 2.0% and 2.4%, respectively. In Hong Kong, brokers, Haitong Securities and CITIC Securities have slid 1.2% and 1.5%, respectively. Lenders, Bank of China and HSBC Holdings have dipped 0.9% and 2.2%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, POSCO and Samsung Electronics have gained 0.8% and 1.1%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.2% higher at 19,432.8. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.3% down at 21,769.2, while the Kospi index is trading 0.3% higher at 2,043.7. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs DotDigital Group, Gfinity, JPMorgan Japanese Inv Trust, JPMorgan Japan Smaller Companies, Schroder Income Growth Fund, Westmount Energy Ltd., Applied Graphene Materials Plc, British Empire Trust, Artilium EGMs Record, Tritax Big Box REIT Interim Dividend Payment Date Creston, E2V Technologies, NB Distressed Debt Investment Fund Limited, NB Distressed Debt Investment Fund Limited Ext Shs, NB Distressed Debt Investment Fund Limited Red Ord Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Minds + Machines Group Limited (DI), Syqic, Uranium Resources, VinaCapital Vietnam Opportunity Fund Ltd., Blue Star Capital EGMs Bank Audi S.A.L. GDR (Repr 1'Com'Shr Lbp1650)(Reg S), Charles Stanley, Empiric Student Property Final Dividend Payment Date Smart (J) & Co. Interim Dividend Payment Date Investec, JPMorgan Elect Managed Growth Shares, JPMorgan Elect Managed Income Shares, JPMorgan Global Convertibles Income Fund Ltd Special Ex-Dividend Payment Date Canadian General Investments Ltd. Quarterly Payment Date UIL Limited (DI) Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Total SA Trading Announcements Public Power GDR SA (Reg S) Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.11% or $0.06 lower at $54.86 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.53% or $0.29, to settle at $54.92 per barrel, reversing its gains from the prior session. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.08% or $0.90 lower at $1139.60 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract advanced 0.46% or $5.20, to settle at $1140.50 per ounce, extending its gains from the last session. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading marginally higher against the USD at $1.0402, ahead of the Germany’s producer price index for November, slated to release in some time. Moreover, the Eurozone’s current account data for October, due to release today, will be monitored by traders. Yesterday, the EUR weakened 0.43% versus the USD, to close at $1.0402. Meanwhile, economic data showed that German Ifo business climate index jumped to its highest level since February 2014 in December. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading a tad lower against the USD at $1.2395. Yesterday, the GBP fell 0.71% versus the USD, to close at $1.2398. Meanwhile, International Trade Secretary, Liam Fox, indicated that he was open to a transitional Brexit deal though remained cautious about signing up to too many of the EU’s regulations. In other news, the US Markit services sector growth slowed in December from last month. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices rose and pushed yields lower, following news of the assassination of the Russian ambassador to Turkey, raising geopolitical uncertainties. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes plunged 6 basis points to 2.54%, while yield on 2-year notes declined 4 basis points to 1.24%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield plummeted 7 basis points to 3.12%. Key Economic News Euro-zone labour cost rose in 3Q 2016 In the Euro-zone, labour cost climbed 1.50% in 3Q 2016 on a quarterly basis. Labour cost had advanced 1.00% in the prior quarter. Euro-zone construction output advanced in October On a monthly basis, the seasonally adjusted construction output in the Euro-zone advanced 0.80% in October. Construction output had registered a revised drop of 0.80% in the prior month. German Ifo current assessment index climbed in December The Ifo current assessment index recorded a rise to 116.60 in Germany, in December, compared to a reading of 115.60 in the previous month. Markets were anticipating the Ifo current assessment index to climb to 115.90. German Ifo business expectations index advanced in December In December, the Ifo business expectations index in Germany recorded a rise to 105.60, in line with market expectations. In the prior month, the Ifo business expectations index had recorded a level of 105.50. German Ifo business climate index advanced in December The Ifo business climate index registered a rise to 111.00 in December, in Germany, compared to market expectations of an advance to 110.60. The Ifo business climate index had registered a level of 110.40 in the previous month. US Markit services PMI declined surprisingly in December In the US, the preliminary Markit services PMI eased unexpectedly to 53.40 in December, compared to market expectations of an advance to 55.20. Markit services PMI had registered a reading of 54.60 in the previous month. US Markit composite PMI fell in December In December, the preliminary Markit composite PMI registered a drop to 53.70 in the US. Markit composite PMI had registered a reading of 54.90 in the previous month. BoJ left key interest rate unchanged at -0.10%, upgraded economic outlook The BoJ maintained its benchmark interest rate at -0.10%, meeting market expectations. The BoJ kept monetary policy steady and took a more positive view of the economy, strengthening market expectations that its future policy direction could be an increase in interest rates rather than a rate cut. The central bank also warned that inflation expectations remain weak and risks to the outlook abound, ranging from developments in the Chinese and US economies to Brexit and geopolitical uncertainties. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Tuesday 3 Jan 2017 / Tehran - 06:22 / GMT - 02:52 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Technology Tue Dec 20, 2016 12:49 Samsung Claims Sleek New Laptops Are Lightest on Market, at Just 1.8lbs Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Samsung may not be keeping its PC division around too much longer—the company stopped selling PCs in Europe a few years ago, and rumors abound that it wants to sell the division to Lenovo. But, for now, the company is still making PCs, and, ahead of CES, Samsung has announced a couple with the bold claim that they're the lightest on the market. The new Notebook 9 comes in a 13.3-inch and 15-inch version, with the smaller of the two weighing just 1.8lbs. That's a full pound less than our current laptop pick, the HP Spectre x360, and it even comes in 0.2lbs less than Apple's MacBook. Indeed, even the 15-inch version, at 2.17lbs, comes in at a lower weight than these 13-inch competitors. The new Samsungs are thin, too; 14.9mm for the large screen, 13.9mm for the small one. If thin and light are what you crave above all else, Samsung's hardware is worth looking at. On the inside, the Notebook 9 uses (unspecified) Intel Kaby Lake i5 and i7 processors. We assume these are ultra low-power Y series parts. While the different-size screens offer different diagonals, they seem to be otherwise equivalent: 1920×1080, 350 nits brightness with a 500 nit "outdoor mode." Unusually, Samsung claims them to be high dynamic range screens, though the company does not specify if they support HDR-10 or some other specification. At 13.3 inches, you get a SATA SSD, up to 256GB, and up to 16GB RAM; at 15 inches, you get upgraded to an NVMe SSD and up to 256GB, though oddly the spec sheet says that this only goes up to 8GB RAM. Both include 2×2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1, a 720p webcam, and an integrated fingerprint reader with Windows Hello support. Both devices also include two USB 3.1 generation 1 ports, one USB Type-C port that's also used for charging, an HDMI port, a microSD reader, and a headset jack. The 15-inch device adds a USB 2 port into the mix. The lack of Thunderbolt 3 means they don't hit all our desired features, and the use of SATA on the 13-inch device is also a little disappointing. Given the light weight and slim size, don't be surprised to find a compromise somewhere. That's the battery. Both systems come only with a 30Wh battery, with even Samsung only estimating seven hours of battery life. Those competing systems may weigh a pound more, but they're boasting three-to-six more hours of life away from an outlet in return. As partial compensation, the Notebook 9's battery supports fast charging; a full charge can be done in 80 minutes, and more than two hours worth can be added in 20 minutes. The Notebook 9 doesn't appear too picky about its charger, either; Samsung says that even smartphone chargers that support USB Type-C will be able to charge it (though obviously at a slower rate than the 45W charger that Samsung provides). Pricing and availability haven't been revealed yet. We expect to hear more at CES.         LATEST STORIES (8) Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't Iraqi Chopper Striking ISIL Positions Near Tal Afar TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi choppers struck at ISIL gathering positions near Tal Afar, West of Mosul. [VIDEO] Saudi Arabia's Costly War on Yemen and Its Great Losses in 2016 TEHRAN (FNA)- The Saudi campaign was launched in 2015 with the aim of reinstating Yemen’s former president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, but it has been unsuccessful in achieving its goal after two years of unfair war. [VIDEO] Iraqi Special Forces Recapture Another Neighborhood in Eastern Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces achieved more victories by recapturing the Al-Intisar area in Eastern Mosul during their ongoing military operation against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Special Forces Evacuate Civilians from Danger Zone in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi special forces evacuated civilians from Al-Methaq neighborhood in Mosul to a safer location while advancing to more districts in the Eastern parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Elite Iraqi Forces in Battle with ISIL Militants in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Rapid Response Division opened its way into the Northern edge of Al-Intisar neighborhood, while the Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) advanced to the Southern side of the adjacent Al-Quds area. [VIDEO] Mosul Operations: ISIL Terrorists Scatter in Fear After Tough Offensive by Iraqi Popular Forces TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi popular Forces' tough battle power pushed ISIL back from regions West of Mosul and destroyed a number of their suicide vehicles. [VIDEO] Over 32 Killed, 61 Wounded as Blast Hits Sadr City Area of Baghdad TEHRAN (FNA)- A car bomb that went off in Baghdad’s Sadr City area left over 32 people dead and 61 wounded. Another twin car explosions also hit Baghdad neighborhood near al-Kindi and al-Chawadir hospitals in Eastern and central parts of the city. [PHOTOS] Iran Opens Line of Small Caliber Ammunition TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran launched another production Line of small caliber ammunition on Monday and Iranian Defense Minister Hossein Dehghan attended the ceremony. [PHOTOS] NIOC Approves Qualification of 29 Foreign Energy Firms for Int'l Tenders TEHRAN (FNA)- The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) approved qualification of several international exploration and production (E&P) companies for participating in oil and gas tenders. Eternal Condemnation: Marking the First Anniversary of Sheikh Nimr’s Execution by Riyadh TEHRAN (FNA)- People of good conscience from around the world are holding rallies to mark the first anniversary of the execution of prominent Shiite cleric Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr by the Riyadh regime. Turkey Mourns Victims of Istanbul Nightclub Attack TEHRAN (FNA)- Relatives carry the coffin of one of the 39 victims of the Reina night club attack during his funeral ceremony on January 1, 2017 in Istanbul. [PHOTOS] Official: Iran's Petchem Exports to Hit 20mln Tons by Yearend TEHRAN (FNA)- A senior energy official disclosed that Iran is planning to considerably boost the export of its petrochemical products before the end of the current Iranian year (will end March 20, 2017). Fabulous Fireworks Across World Greet 2017 TEHRAN (FNA)- Fireworks explode in Marina Bay during New Year celebrations in Singapore January 1, 2017. [PHOTOS] Iran Ups Steel Exports by 51 Percent in 8 Months TEHRAN (FNA)- Iran's private sector exported over 3.7 million tons of crude steel and related products in the first eight months of the current Iranian year (March 20-November 20), showing a considerable growth compared with last year's corresponding period, official data released by the government said. Damascus: Militants in One More Town Joining Peace Agreement with Syrian Gov't TEHRAN (FNA)- Militants in a key town in Western Damascus are about to end fight against the Syrian government after long talks with the reconciliation committee in the region. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,327 Reviews & Articles | 53,559 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI GeForce 1050 GAMING X 2G Video Card (Give Feedback & Win!) TRENDING NOW: New Call of Duty Vietnam game teased by Sledgehammer Home Reviews Computer Systems SFF PCs GIGABYTE BRIX BKi5A-7200 (Kaby Lake) Mini PC Review GIGABYTE's BRIX BKi5A-7200 (Intel Kaby Lake) mini PC could be the perfect little device for your Netflix 4K PC streaming. Come take a look. By: Steven Bassiri | SFF PCs in Computer Systems | Posted: Dec 19, 2016 10:29 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 91%Manufacturer: GIGABYTE Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and System] Page 3 [Teardown of the BKi5A-7200] Page 4 [BIOS] Page 5 [Test Setup and Benchmarks] Page 6 [Temperature and Power Consumption] Page 7 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     The BKi5A-7200 is possibly the first "desktop" to use the Kaby Lake microarchitecture since it utilizes a Kaby Lake-U mobile processor. The BRIX lineup of mini PCs is GIGABYTE's custom iteration of Intel's Next Unit of Computing form factor, which is basically a laptop in desktop form. I have reviewed many generations of BRIX mini PCs, and they have proven to be quite formidable desktop replacements.   With the recent proliferation of NGFF M.2 x4 PCI-E 3.0 SSDs, the bottleneck that once was storage speed has been alleviated. These days you can find thin ultrabooks that are just as snappy as powerful desktops because of newer SSD technologies, and the BRIX takes full advantage of this technology. Some of you may have heard the news that you will need to use a Kaby Lake CPU to stream Netflix in 4K on the PC, and the BKi5A-7200 has an i5-7200U Kaby Lake CPU.     So, what's in Kaby Lake that would make it a requirement for 4K Netflix Streaming? Well, there are both performance improvements as well as security improvements inside the integrated graphics processor, but the security improvements are what I think Netflix really cares about. Kaby Lake does have new dedicated fixed function media engines that are designed to significantly improve 4K (UHD) playback and but it also supports HDCP 2.2, PlayReady 3, and Widevine, which are designed to protect 4K content from pirates.     Specifications     The BKi5A-7200 uses an Intel i5-7200U, which is a little faster than the i5-6200U with a base clock of 2.5GHz (200MHz higher) and Turbo of 3.1GHz (300MHz higher). The i5-7200U has two cores and four threads, a 15W TDP, and the new Intel HD Graphics 620.   The device also supports USB 3.1 type-C and type-A, HDMI 2.0, mini DisplayPort 1.2, 1Gbit NIC, and Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 3168.     Pricing   GIGABYTE informed us that the MSRP is roughly $390. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and System] Page 3 [Teardown of the BKi5A-7200] Page 4 [BIOS] Page 5 [Test Setup and Benchmarks] Page 6 [Temperature and Power Consumption] Page 7 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You ASRock Beebox-S (Intel Core i5-6200U) Mini PC Review... ASRock DeskMini 110 Mini-STX Mini PC Review Intel Skull Canyon NUC NUC6i7KYK Mini PC Review GIGABYTE BRIX Skylake BSi7H-6500 Ultra Compact PC... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags GIGABYTE Intel BKi5A-7200 i5-7200U BRIX Mini PC Windows 10 Netflix Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Dell's new XPS 13 is a surprise 2-in-1 foldable tablet Nintendo Switch and Wii U third party partners compared Liberty City is coming to GTA V thanks to new mod CNN demonstrates Russian hacking with Fallout 3 pic Prey developer promises PC version is 'really flawless'View More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Amped Wireless Apollo Pro Long Range HD Camera Review Lost mac adress after downgrading bios from f20 to f8 z170x g7 Marvell-based PCIe SSD card (AHCI) not detected on Z77X-U5DH Asus K53SD black screen How do I print wirelessly with my wireless router + multiple computers?View More Forum Posts Press Releases Das Keyboard to demo the world's first cloud-connected keyboard at CES 2017 Samsung unveils CH711 curved quantum-dot monitor SK Hynix to construct a cutting-edge NAND flash FAB in Cheongju MSI and Phanteks launch new front USB 3.1 Type-C solutions ViewSonic reveals the VP2771 27-inch monitor with SuperClear IPS panelView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
null
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Holiday Gift Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Steam's 2016 top sellers include 'No Man's Sky' and 'Rocket League' Tesla's superfast P100D offers tech-heavy luxury for the rich Lenovo Yoga 910 review: The devil is in the details Latest in Gear Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is big on photography and VR 2h ago View You only have two weeks left to buy a Tesla with free supercharging  4h ago View 18 Tesla's superfast P100D offers tech-heavy luxury for the rich 4h ago View 25 Inside Mercedes' Silicon Valley research center 6h ago View Image credit: save Save share Apple still has 'great desktops' on the way But has it listened to users' concerns? Jon Fingas, @jonfingas 12.19.16 in Personal Computing Comments 991 Shares Share Tweet Share Save If you've been following the Mac lineup in recent years, you'd be forgiven for thinking that Apple had largely given up on desktops. The current-generation iMac is over a year old, the Mac mini hasn't been updated since 2014 and the Mac Pro hasn't been touched since it was redesigned in 2013. Does the company care about people who need more power than a laptop? Yes, if you ask Tim Cook. In an internal forum post, the CEO explains that desktops remain "really important" and that there are "great desktops in our roadmap." The reasons why won't shock you. Simply put, you can "pack a lot more performance" in a computer that isn't constrained by portability -- bigger displays, extra ports and just more raw power. Sometimes that difference is "critical" to users, Cook adds. There weren't signs that Apple was about to axe desktops, and to some extent it's at the mercy of Intel. Remember, Intel's 7th-generation Core processors won't be available in desktop form until January at the earliest -- Apple can't really update the iMac's processors until then. It doesn't have as much justification for the Mac mini or Mac Pro, but customers might not be happy if it slapped older chips into those systems at this point. Cook's statement still leaves a lot of uncertainty, though. Just which desktops still have a life left at Apple? And more importantly, will future revisions address criticisms? Mac Pro customers, for example, have complained both about neglect (a modern 5K iMac is more powerful in some respects) and a design that's at once overkill and doesn't go far enough. Pros don't always want dual processors and dual graphics cards, but they sometimes want more expansion than the current Mac Pro can offer. Although Apple may still care about desktops, there's a lingering concern it either treats them as a low priority or doesn't understand what desktop buyers really want. Source: TechCrunch Coverage: Marco.org In this article: apple, computer, desktop, gear, imac, macmini, macpro, pc, personal computing, personalcomputing, timcook 991 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 18m 18m ago Snowden document suggests NSA could have proof of Russian hack Looks like the NSA has a history of positively identifying Russian hacks. By S. Buckley,  18m ago save Save share View 1h 1h ago in AV What's on TV: 'Always Sunny,' 'Man Seeking Woman' The 74th Golden Globe Awards air Sunday night. By R. Lawler,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Mobile Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip is big on photography and VR Say hello to the mobile processor that will define 2017. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Personal Computing Steam's 2016 top sellers include 'No Man's Sky' and 'Rocket League' The game hub has also revealed the winners of its first annual awards. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 4h 4h ago You only have two weeks left to buy a Tesla with free supercharging  Starting on Janauary 15th, new Tesla owners will have to pay to charge their car. By S. Buckley,  4h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Whitepapers Search for: Home » Innovation » Cloud An insight into the cloud storage industry Case study 20 December 2016 Michael Tso, CEO and co-founder of Cloudian discusses with Information his company's role in the cloud storage industry, as well as its current state COMMENT The storage industry is a fast-paced, highly competitive and constantly developing environment. Whilst public cloud has made a major impact, not all data can be sent to the cloud Nick Ismail  What does Cloudian offer within the storage industry? Cloudian is the leader in Amazon S3-compatible object storage systems. We came to the market in 2011 with our flagship product, HyperStore, and a vision of bringing object storage to users of all sizes, built around the Amazon S3 API. Cloudian HyperStore brings cloud-compatible storage into the data centre. You can think of it as cloud storage, like Amazon S3 or Google GCP, except it’s in your data centre and behind your firewall. It shares important characteristics of cloud storage, like petabyte scalability, built-in data protection, and cost effectiveness. And it can tier data to the cloud, so it works together with public cloud for scalability and offsite data storage when needed. Cloudian recently had a funding round, how much was raised and why was this important?  We have recently raised $41 million in our Series-D funding round. This came from our existing investors, Intel Capital, Eight Roads, INCJ and Goldman Sachs. We also gained four new investors, Lenovo, City National Bank, Epsilon Venture Partners and DVP Investment. >See also: How acquisitions are transforming the storage landscape This funding round brings our total to $79 million, which is a great achievement and shows the commitment and confidence these investors have in object storage in general and Cloudian in particular. What strategy will Cloudian be implementing going forward after this funding?  In 2017, Cloudian will be focusing on growth and product development.  We are adding significantly to our team globally, with a particular emphasis on the USA and Europe. We will also be investing further in our marketing campaigns to ensure that our potential customers can build a really good understanding of what we offer and why we are ideal for their needs. Ongoing product development will also continue to be central to the strategy of the business, and we have a range of groundbreaking enhancements and announcements to bring to market throughout the year. Will Cloudian be expanding its reach across EMEA? Cloudian will be expanding its reach across EMEA and this process is already underway. We recently opened a new European demonstration facility in Amsterdam as well as introducing several more members to our European team in the UK, Benelux and DACH regions. >See also: What’s in store for cloud in 2017? We have just announced a new customer in Amsterdam, Internet Unie, which will be using Cloudian as a hybrid storage solution, tiering data with AWS. How does Cloudian’s compatibility with Amazon position you against other object storage vendors?  At the very beginning, we knew that in order for object storage to grow it was going to need a standard API that would be widely accepted by application and platform developers and we believed that this would be the Amazon S3 API. Five years on from our launch and Amazon S3 has become the de facto standard and new applications are being built with its API all the time. This puts Cloudian in the perfect position. Whilst many of our competitors must create gateways between platforms, Cloudian doesn’t need one – it is guaranteed to work with the Amazon S3 API and all S3 features, tools and applications. What are the benefits of Cloudian’s recently announced integration with Google? Google Cloud Platform offers a range of services including its Nearline and Coldline service for archival data. Data protection is an important use case for our products, and archival services are of particular interest there. Many of our customers backup data to the Cloudian storage in their data centre, and then migrate older backup data to an archival service such as Google Coldline or Amazon Glacier. >See also: When cloud gets personal: the consumerisation of the enterprise This provides a local copy of the backup data for fast data restores, while moving a copy offsite for DR purposes. It’s a great example of hybrid storage – combining on-premises and cloud storage in one application. What do you think are the driving forces behind adopting hybrid cloud storage?  Many businesses still have data that cannot be sent to the public cloud. This can be for a number of reasons, for example critical, sensitive or government regulated data. In fact, a recent survey conducted by ActualTech Media showed that 60% (from 400 UK and US organisations) of its respondents have data that must remain on-premises. These restrictions are driving the adoption of hybrid cloud storage, and interoperability and security between platforms is more important now than it ever has been. What does Cloudian’s new EU demonstration centre mean for local regions?  Opening a facility in Amsterdam, where our Director of EMEA is based, was the first step in our EMEA expansion. Prior to this centre, our demonstrations were conducted from our US facility. As demand for Cloudian and object storage in general increased, it made sense to open a centre in Europe and as Amsterdam is very central it is easy to travel to from all over Europe. Customers will be able to see the benefits and performance of HyperStore for themselves through locally performed proof-of-concept demonstrations. What do you think the current state of the storage industry is? The industry is in a very exciting phase of development. The speed of technological change is accelerating, and cloud computing has made an enormous impact in every part of the technology landscape and storage is no different. >See also: Success of AWS is turning S3 into an enterprise storage ‘must have’ With the momentum behind trends such as IoT and automation really gathering pace, there are great opportunities on the horizon for storage vendors who can deliver products and services with the performance, compatibility and value customers are looking for. How has the industry changed since Cloudian’s launch in 2011 and where do you see it heading in 2017?  The storage industry is a fast-paced, highly competitive and constantly developing environment. Whilst public cloud has made a major impact, not all data can be sent to the cloud. Customers are looking to optimise their use of storage technologies to build the best solutions for them. With this in mind we believe the storage industry is now moving toward bespoke hybrid solutions.   Related Topics Amazon S3 Cloud cloud storage cloudian Cloudian Hyperstore Google GCP Hybrid cloud storage Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Read More Latest Popular Welcome to the world of the Snooper’s Charter 7 ways driving simulators are influencing the design of new cars 5 eDiscovery takeaways for 2017 Browser-based malware: evolution and prevention 8 predictions for business networks in 2017 The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan The path to manageable data Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office Rolling into the digital age: inside Rolls-Royce’s tech transformation Turning big data into high-class insights Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska First 3rd party product support LabVIEW FPGA can replace NI RIO product now. The nuclear RIO technology of National Instruments has been broken through. NI’s monopoly position has been overthrown. The first 3rd party product of world supports LabVIEW FPGA has been released. MangoTree Digital Technology Co. Ltd from China has been broken through the key technology of NI. Their products can replace NI’s All RIO series products and support LabVIEW and LabVIEW FPGA programming. It is said that NI has informed its employees of the world about their products and admit their technology. Their newest product Atom-RIO is more powerful than NI’s RIO and it can meet all users’ application requirements. The price of Atom-RIO is 1/10 of NI’s same RIO Product. Atom-RIO can give the performance user want! The flexibility user want! And the Price user want! The majority of people may suspect the IP infringement oftheir products. It is reported that their products communicate with LabVIEW by VISA in essence, so the problem of IP infringement may do not exist. Atom-RIO can be used in Test, Measurement and Control field. The architecture of Atom-RIO is very incredible, it combines Intel CPU and Xilinx FPGA. As we know, FPGA has been widely used in measurement and control field with its ability of parallel processing, high reliability and high responsiveness. The combination of CPU and FPGA is the most powerful architecture at present. In the world, Atom-RIO has been used in the development of aero-engine, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), robot control, etc. Moreover, they claimed that their products have been purchased by more and more NI’s partners, and gained favorable reputation after usage. They have owned a huge number of customers all over the world.  From the picture on their website we can know that they have received the attention from 54 countries and regionsin the world: (MangoTree Tech website: en.mangotree.cn) Atom-RIO owns powerful features: Up to 2.58GHz Intel Dual-core Celeron Processor; 64GB SSD 、4GB DDR RAM; USB3.0、USB2.0 、Gigabit Ethernet and HDMI interface; Spartan6 LX75 FPGA(Optional LX150); Support Windows、WES7 and Pharlap RT OS; PCIe DMA Communication; Support all NI C series module. With the PCIe interface, Intel CPU can communicate with FPGA for real-time data interaction. Atom-RIO is a small and reliable system of industry control and collection. Using the reconfigurable I/O (RIO) technology, it can realize user-defined application with high-performance. With Atom-RIO, user can develop applications quickly based on LabVIEW. User can access the I/Os on Atom-RIO directly by using basic I/O function of LabVIEW FPGA. With Intel Dual-core Celeron processor, Atom-RIO can excute LabVIEW real-time program reliably. WIte Gigabit Ethernet interface, Atom-RIO can do communication on the network. The company also upload related videos on YouTube:  1. MangoTree Atom-RIO Total User Tutorial : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6cNy4g_X1Y 2. Atom RIO Super-Fast Marbles Separate: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kUFSdnqcE_I 3. 3rd Party Hardware LabVIEW Program: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noxPsilD0ak 4. Atom RIO Video Acceleration: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16NTJIN9iT8 Media Contact Company Name: MyElecFans Contact Person: GuoGU Email: hezuo@elecfans.com Phone: 010-62951833 Country: China Website: http://www.elecfans.com/ CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious THE ‘FRIEALTOR’ FUTURE OF REAL ESTATE… NEW ONLINE PLATFORM COULD PAVE THE FUTURE OF PROPERTY Next PostNext Top Auto Tools Provides Completely Unbiased Reviews on the Best Auto Tools and Car Parts Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You won’t need an expensive gaming PC to run Microsoft’s AR headsets Mark Coppock Digital TrendsDecember 20, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share microsoft announces pc specs for low cost mixed reality hmds winhec xr imageMore One of the most challenging aspects of today’s virtual reality (VR) gaming systems, such as the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive, is the relatively high PC specifications needed to run them. While the specs have been scaled back a bit in some cases, for the most part, you need a robust CPU and GPU to support today’s VR systems. Another roadblock is the high price of VR in addition to those relatively high-end PCs. Microsoft is out to challenge both, with a lower cost of entry for mixed reality — meaning VR combined with augmented reality (AR) — head-mounted displays (HMDs) that the company originally as coming from OEMs in 2017. While entry-level HMDs will start at $300, their PC requirements weren’t announced at Microsoft’s Creators Update event, and that’s apparently been rectified at Microsoft’s recent WinHEC conference, as Tom’s Hardware reports. More: Windows 10 Creators Update bundles VR and AR, partner headsets start at $300 The new HMDs jointly announced by Intel and Microsoft will offer a range of capabilities, from 1080 x 1200 resolution per eye up to 1440 x 1440 per eye, and a host of different connectivity options. That means that while pricing starts out much lower than competing VR systems for lower mixed reality capabilities, you’ll likely have to pay closer to the going rate for full-on VR gaming. Microsoft Similarly, the lower-end HMDs will require lower specs from PCs as well, further easing the cost of entry into the world of VR. On the low end, HMDs connected to notebooks will support casual games, 360-degree video, and simpler Universal Windows Apps via Windows Holographic with only an Intel Core i5 (for example, the Core i5-7200U), Intel HD 620 graphics, and 8GB of RAM driving things. Desktop PCs will have a lower minimum spec CPU, for example, a desktop Core i3 processor (for example, Core i3-6100 or higher). Microsoft Ramping up to higher-end VR games running on premium HMDs will require dedicated graphics, faster CPUs, and more RAM whether you’re running on a notebook or a desktop. Things get confusing from there, however in that Microsoft indicated these lower minimum specs are as of “Holiday ’17.” As of Creators Update, coming in spring 2017, more robust specifications similar to today’s VR systems with Nvidia or AMD dedicated graphics or higher will be required. Read More Microsoft That uncertainty aside, it’s clear that Microsoft and Intel want to make mixed reality HMDs more affordable and accessible to more people running lower-end PCs. These systems won’t replace today’s high-end VR gaming systems, but rather augment them and bring mixed reality to a much wider audience. No matter how things shake out in terms of PC specifications and pricing, it’s obvious that mixed reality will be an important PC trend in 2017. Qualcomm’s Snapdragon processors now fully support Windows 10 Netflix 4K streaming hits Windows 10 PCs — but only those with Intel ‘Kaby Lake’ CPUs Windows Holographic Shell delivers low-end VR with modest system requirements Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things BGR News Facebook launches live 360-degree video feature Yahoo Tech Obama boosted White House technology; Trump sees risks Associated Press The battle between SSD and HDD is over, and the winner is clear Digital Trends Celebrity sues Tesla, claims Model X drove itself through a wall and into his house BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360MarketUpdates Tweet   Wireless Connectivity Market Consumption and Growth Patterns 2016-2021 Wireless Connectivity Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of this market.   Wireless Connectivity Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, December 20, 2016 ) Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Wireless Connectivity market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. In depth analysis of an industry is a crucial thing for various stakeholders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others. The Wireless Connectivity industry research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the industry. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Wireless Connectivity Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10397655 Next part of the Wireless Connectivity market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect to three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Major Key Players are Analysed in the Wireless Connectivity Market Report: · Intel Corporation (U.S.) · Qualcomm Incorporated (U.S.) · NXP Semiconductor N.V. (Netherlands) · STMicroelectronics N.V. (Switzerland) · Texas Instruments Inc. (U.S.) · Atmel Corp. (U.S.) · MediaTek Inc. (Taiwan) · Cypress Semiconductor Corporation (U.S.) · EnOcean GmbH (Germany) · NEXCOM International Co. Ltd. (Taiwan). Applications of Wireless Connectivity Market: · Wearable Devices · Healthcare · Automotive & Transportation · Consumer Electronics · Other Get Sample PDF of Wireless Connectivity Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10397655 After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, production and revenue are studied. The Wireless Connectivity market consumption for major regions is given. Also, the Wireless Connectivity industry growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered such as: · United States · China · Europe · Japan Also, type wise consumption figures are given. Types of Wireless Connectivity Market: · Wi-Fi · Bluetooth · ZigBee · NFC · Cellular · Enocean Have any Query Regarding this Report? Contact us@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10397655 Further in the report, the Wireless Connectivity industry is examined for price, cost and gross value. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Wireless Connectivity market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Several important topics included in the Wireless Connectivity market research report are as follows: · Wireless Connectivity Market Overall Overview · Wireless Connectivity Market Competition by Manufacturers, Type and Application · Wireless Connectivity by Volume, Value and Sales Price · Wireless Connectivity by Manufacturers Analysis · Wireless Connectivity Technology and Development Trend Price of Report: $ 2900 (Single User Licence) Buy Wireless Connectivity Market Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10397655 In this Wireless Connectivity market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is also given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers too, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in this report. About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360MarketUpdates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition January 2, 2017 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 64° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Houston County Voter Purge List Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Tuesday, December 20, 2016 9:24 am Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses Associated Press | EUGENE, Ore. (AP) — Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state's economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recepient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county's largest recepient of property tax breaks: $65 million over ten years. "It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources," Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. "Taxpayers should expect nothing less." Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren't adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state's overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas "already have faster employment growth." Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers' combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. For example, some subsidy programs don't publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don't provide details on whether a recepient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. "Both Business Oregon and the (Oregon) Department of Revenue tend to be conservative about releasing business information," the audit states, because releasing more information "could compromise projects ... and reduce demand for the incentive and loan programs." But auditors wrote that interviews with officials in other states where more disclosure is required hadn't found that to be the case. "Transparency promotes accountability for public dollars by spelling out the cost and performance of individual projects and giving policymakers and the public information about how funds are being used," auditors wrote. The audit also highlighted some issues with what is known as the Strategic Reserve Fund, a pot of money distributed as "forgivable" loans at the governor's discretion. The fund allocates roughly $7.5 million a year. All 11 projects proposed for funding received money in 2015, even though some firms offered "low projected returns" and others had received poor grades from finance staff who had examined their histories, the audit found. While reviewing seven large forgivable loans between 2008 and 2015, auditors found that Business Oregon staff, when doing their cost-benefit analysis, neglected to include other Oregon tax breaks or incentives that the companies were also receiving. "This approach understates the cost to Oregonians and may overstate the project's benefit," auditors wrote. Business Oregon Director Chris Harder wrote that his agency "generally agrees with the audit recommendations" for remedying the issues identified. However, Harder wrote that Business Oregon staff "disagree" the value of incentives should be "measured exclusively" by how many jobs they create and how high their wages are. As to increased transparency, Harder wrote that he is committed "to exploring ways to balance the public's right to know" with businesses' right to privacy. "Businesses are often reluctant to make their financial information and tax records public, fearing that it will create a competititve disadvanatage for them," he wrote. Atkins noted that Oregon's economic development spending "is low compared to some other states, and competition for state dollars is high." "This increases the urgency of the need to be more strategic and transparent about the use of business incentives and loans," she said. ___ Information from: The Register-Guard, http://www.registerguard.com © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Zfpddc ARTICLE: Zfparx ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 10' game ARTICLE: Zfptop ARTICLE: Officials: Customs system outage causes waits at airports More about Hiring And Recruitment For Trump, the 1980s still hold relevance ARTICLE: Shreveport group to protest southern Louisiana pipeline ARTICLE: State gets grant to help track website targeting jobseekers ARTICLE: Upstate NY ice cream plant expands; 61 new jobs created ARTICLE: Halliburton to hire 200 workers in Permian Basin More about Accounting, Tax Preparation And Payroll Services Donors to Iowa governor's 2015 inaugural fund remain secret Donors to Iowa governor's 2015 inaugural fund remain secret ARTICLE: Donors to Iowa governor's 2015 inaugural fund remain secret ARTICLE: Business Highlights ARTICLE: Driver charged in crash that killed 4 Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Tuesday, December 20, 2016 9:24 am. | Tags: General News, Hiring And Recruitment, Accounting, Tax Preparation And Payroll Services, Labor Economy, Economy, International Relations, Government And Politics, Local Governments, Personnel, Business, Professional Services, Government Finance, Government Business And Finance | Location Tags: Oregon, Eugene, United States, North America Similar Stories The Latest: Trump expected to tap Lighthizer for trade rep Landing gear collapses on private jet at Scottsdale Airport Man accused of killing estranged wife 2 weeks ago captured Storms push across South, damaging buildings, cutting power Police search for 6-year-old missing since New Year's Eve Most Read Construction on new Clark Cinema 10 coming along After release from prison, former Alabama Rep. Terry Spicer lands another state job The Limited closing for good in January Peanut Drop to ring in 2017 in downtown Dothan Enterprise home engulfed in flames Videos Editor's Picks Weekend rain causes road damage, closings in Wiregrass The rain Saturday and Sunday put a dent in the drought affecting most of the Deep South but caused problems for low-lying areas a… Tight-knit Crimson Tide heads back to national championship game A broken leg prevented Eddie Jackson from playing, but he was doing plenty of celebrating with his teammates after Alabama defeat… Top Wiregrass stories of 2016 While the presidential election dominated headlines throughout much of 2016, other local stories received significant attention i… Eagle Eye Outfitters branches into online sales, sees quick success When Eagle Eye Outfitters started its first ecommerce website just before November, owner Susan Anderson was told it would take h… Crimson Tide's O.J. Howard understands about preparations for College Football Playoff ATLANTA – Top-seeded Alabama and fourth-seeded Washington arrived here for the final week of practice leading into Saturday’s Chi… In Case You Missed It < Wiregrass Transit Authority carrying out its mission The findings in the fixed route transit feasibility study completed in 2010 came as no surprise to John Sorrell. article local Wiregrass accounts for $133.7 million in new and expanding projects in 2015 Jim Stuckey said he and his business partner, Chuck Harris, started Wholesale Wood Products in 1979 with a part-time secretary, one truck driver and a article business Four Dothan teams win ARPA state soccer titles Minutes after Dothan won the 15U division of the Alabama Recreation and Parks Association state soccer tournament on Sunday at the Westgate Complex, h article recreation Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Freedom to Control – Meet the DDJ-SZ2 Controller With Dedicated Controls for New Serato DJ Features By Published: Dec 20, 2016 3:00 a.m. ET Share TORRANCE, Calif., Dec 20, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Pioneer DJ has upgraded their flagship Serato DJ controller to create the DDJ-SZ2. Use the new DDJ-SZ2 4-channel controller to get hands-on with the latest additions to Serato DJ, including key shift, key sync, pitch play and Serato Flip. The multi-colored Performance Pads give you instant feedback on pad modes and playing statuses, and thanks to the improved jog wheel latency, scratching is more responsive and precise than ever. To help you get the most out of the controller, the DDJ-SZ2 comes bundled with the latest version of Serato DJ. The Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs are also included so you can use several new features including pitch play and key sync. The DDJ-SZ2 will be available in the U.S.A. and Canada in January 2017, with a retail price of $1,999.00. Watch the DDJ-SZ2 introduction video. Learn more about the DDJ-SZ2 controller for Serato DJ. FREE SERATO VIDEO EXPANSION PACK PROMOTION We’re putting a voucher for a free Serato Video expansion pack in the boxes of the first 3,000 DDJ-SZ2 controllers that we ship worldwide. This comes along with the Serato DJ, Pitch ‘n Time DJ and Serato Flip expansion packs bundled with the controller as standard, so if you’re one of the first DJs to buy the DDJ-SZ2, you’ll have full control of audio and video performances. KEY FEATURES OF THE DDJ-SZ2 1.Layout mirrors CDJ-style set-up Mix and scratch instinctively on the controller, which looks and feels similar to a full professional CDJ + DJM set-up. Big Jogs: Scratching feels natural on the big jog wheels taken from the CDJ-2000NXS2, and the illuminating On-Jog Display gives you information about the current playback status and position for more precise performances. Jog Feeling Adjust, also from the CDJ series, lets you customize the resistance and backspin time. Multi-colored Performance Pads: Use the large, multi-colored tactile Performance Pads to trigger Hot Cues, samples and FX. Hit the pads harder to increase the volume of samples and watch their colors change as they indicate the selected pad mode and playing status. DJM-style mixer section: Stay in control at all times thanks to the simple layout of the mixer section which mirrors the design of the DJM series. 2.Dual USB port for smooth DJ changeovers Dual USB ports lets you hook up two computers at the same time and use the top-loaded A/B switch for seamless DJ transitions. 3.Native support and dedicated controls for new Serato DJ features Key shift, key sync and pitch play: Use dedicated controls to trigger the new key shift and key sync functions in Serato DJ, which let you adjust the key of tracks and sync the keys of tracks during mixes. Pitch play lets you play your Hot Cues across a range of different keys and assign them to the controller’s Performance Pads. Serato Flip: Create and save Hot Cue sequences to make custom edits of your tracks and use the dedicated Serato Flip controls to play them back at the touch of a button. Get even more creative by skipping or repeating track sections on the fly. 4.Professional performance features and FX Sound Color FX: Spice up your sets with the four popular Sound Color FX from our DJM series; Echo, Jet, Pitch and Filter. You can sync Echo with the BPM of the track that’s playing. Oscillator: Add texture and tensionto your tracks with the four oscillator sounds; Noise, Drop, Laser and Siren. Turn the oscillator parameter knob to create new tones. 5.Magvel crossfader The Magvel crossfader – taken from the club standard DJM-900NXS2 – is the ultimate to mix and scratch with. Accurate and smooth, it’s durable for more than 10 million movements and is liquid and dust resistant. 6.High-quality sound Hear your tracks loud and clear thanks to the audio circuit inherited from professional Pioneer DJ gear. Contact resistance is reduced by the AC inlet, and the high-performance D/A converter made by Cirrus Logic, Inc., and low jitter oscillator mean the DDJ-SZ2 reproduces clear and powerful sound that’s faithful to its source. 7.Other features Plug and play: Simply connect your laptop and start mixing via Serato DJ. All buttons and controls, as well as the built-in sound card, are Serato DJ-ready. Aluminium-finished top panel and jog wheels: For a quality look and feel. Slip Mode: Silently keeps a track playing during a loop, scratch or Hot Cue. Release the jog wheel and the track comes back at exactly the right place. Needle search pad: Instantly jump to a specific part of a track with a simple touch of the pad. Peak limiter: Controls clipping of the master output. P-Lock Fader Cap: Locks all fader knobs to prevent dropping.   DDJ-SZ2 SPECIFICATIONS           DDJ-SZ2 Software     Serato DJ Input ports     CD/Line x 4 (RCA) Phono x 2 (RCA) MIC x 2 (XLR & ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1, ¼-inch TRS Jack x 1) Output ports     Master Out x 2 (RCA x 1, XLR x 1), Booth Out x 1 (¼-inch Stereo Phone Jack) Headphone Monitor Out x 2 (Front ¼-inch TRS Jack, 3.5 mm Stereo Mini Jack)   Other ports     USB (Type B) x 2 Sampling Rate     44.1 kHz D/A Converter     24-bit A/D Converter     24-bit Frequency response     20Hz � 20kHz (LINE) Total Harmonic Distortion ratio     0.002% or less (USB) 0.004% or less (LINE) S/N ratio     111 dB or above (USB) Headroom     19 dB Maximum dimensions （W�H�D）     870 x 98.4 x 419.5 mm (34.3 x 3.9 x 16.5 in) Unit weight     10.7 kg (23.6 lbs)     SERATO DJ SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS   Compatible OS （Windows®）   Windows® 10, 8.1, 7 (The latest service pack) Compatible OS （Mac）   macOS Sierra 10.12, OS X 10.11, 10.10, 10.9 (Updated to the latest version) CPU (32/64 bit)   Intel® processor Core [TM] i7, i5 or above Memory   4GB or more of RAM Serato Video requires a graphics card with 384MB of dedicated video memory Display resolution   Resolution of 1280 x 720 or greater   * Serato DJ is a registered trademark of Serato Audio Research Ltd. * Windows is a registered trademark or a trademark of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and/or other countries. * Mac and Mac OS are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. * Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. * The names of companies, product names, and technology names mentioned herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. About Pioneer DJ Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. is the subsidiary of Pioneer DJ Corporation responsible for sales and marketing in North, Central, and South America. For more than 20 years, Pioneer DJ has been a market leader in the design and production of innovative DJ equipment and software. The company works closely with DJs and clubs to deliver next generation products that inspire and shape the global dance music community. Its portfolio includes brands such as Pioneer Professional Audio and Pioneer DJ Radio, rekordbox dj software, as well as social platforms KUVO and DJsounds. Pioneer DJ Corporation is a privately held company headquartered in Yokohama, Japan. Website: www.pioneerdj.com Stay up to date: www.pioneerdj.com/news Follow us on: Facebook at facebook.com/PioneerDJUSA Instagram at instagram.com/PioneerDJUSA Twitterat twitter.com/PioneerDJ YouTube at youtube.com/pioneerdjglobal Other Channels: www.rekordbox.com www.kuvo.com www.pioneerproaudio.com www.djsounds.com www.pioneerdjradio.com View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161220005366/en/ SOURCE: Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. for Pioneer DJ Americas, Inc. Vicki Colbert, 310-496-4452 Vicki@allisonpr.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. 70 Patches Of Cleaning & Bug Fixes For Mesa Written by Michael Larabel in Mesa on 20 December 2016 at 10:50 AM EST. 12 Comments It's not as exciting as seeing a massive patch series arrive for like the OpenGL shader cache or other key features, but Collabora's Timothy Arceri sent out a set of 70 patches today providing some clean-ups and bug fixes for Mesa. With these 70 patches most of them include individual fixes and clean=ups, including some code simplification, changing around some shader code, some code that will help clean up for the shader cache, and more. Most of the patches are for either core Mesa or the i965 Intel driver. More details via this patch series. Any fixes and improvements to Mesa are always welcome and sure make for a nice Christmas present for open-source Linux GPU driver users. Great to see all of the patches this year by Timothy Arceri this year, especially considering he only started Mesa development three years ago when doing crowd-funded Mesa work to start off and learn while now is employed by Collabora. 12 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Mesa News GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Mesa Saw More Than 10,000 Commits This Year From Record Number Of Contributors VC4 Gallium3D Lands Some Minor Optimizations, 2016 Was Great For This RPi 3D Driver Mesa Hit OpenGL 4.5, Received Vulkan Drivers, Improved Performance & More In 2016 Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Etnaviv Gallium3D Driver Revived, Render-Only Library Updated Too Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Computing Mobile Internet Gaming Electronics Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Gaming Rounding up the 17-inch Blade Pro reviews: Is Razer’s latest laptop a winner? Rounding up the 17-inch Blade Pro reviews: Is Razer’s latest laptop a winner? By Joel Hruska on December 20, 2016 at 10:09 am Comment Razer has been making a name for itself in the PC market the past few years, after starting life as an accessory manufacturer with products named after various types of snakes. The company has been behind some far-out proposals for next-generation hardware, worked with Intel and AMD to bring external dock support to market, and has pushed hard to position the Razer Blade (thin-and-light ultrabook) and Razer Blade Pro as high-end systems for enthusiasts who are often spoiled for choice. Reviews of the updated 2016 Razer Book Pro have dropped, so how does the hardware look? Both PCMag and Engadget have published reviews of the new system and they both agree — this is by far Razer’s strongest offering. As a 17-inch system the Razer Blade Pro is a big laptop, but it still manages to weigh in below 8 lbs (7.77lbs to be exact). It’s also much thinner than competing designs, though Razer compensates for that with some keyboard innovations (more on that shortly). The Razer Blade Pro features a 4K display with 100% Adobe RGB output. The display is based on Sharp’s IGZO (Indium Gallium Zinc Oxide) technology and features support for Nvidia’s G-Sync as well. Keyboard lighting is adjustable via Razer’s Chroma settings. The trackpad is a major point of differentiation between this laptop and other systems — we can’t recall the last time we saw a company put the pad in a place like this: Engadget is quite fond of the keyboard, which is built with Razer’s ultra-low-profile mechanical switches. Both PCMag and Engadget like the trackpad as well, though Engadget found it a little odd to use after two decades of putting the trackpad right below the keyboard. Frankly, putting it besides the keyboard does make good sense, even if it also risks making the keyboard area more cramped — there’s much less chance of resting your palm on the trackpad when typing if the trackpad itself sits to the right of the keyboard. The speakers on the Razer Blade Pro are also apparently excellent — more so than one expects from a typical laptop. Performance is excellent, courtesy of the Core i7-6700HQ, 32GB of RAM, and a GeForce GTX 1080 all packed inside the chassis, though PCMag noted that the system could get quite hot under load, and it lagged some of the other laptops they tested. Engadget, in contrast, thought performance was easily the best they’d ever seen, though they didn’t compare their Razer Blade Pro to any other systems equipped with a GTX 1080). Here’s how I’d split that difference: The Razer Blade Pro probably sacrifices some performance to hit its size target, since the laptop is just 0.88 inches thick (other laptops in the higher-end gaming categories are more like 1.6 – 1.8 inches thick). Run time, according to PC Gamer and Engadget, is just shy of four hours. That may not sound like much compared with a conventional laptop, but gaming systems often contend with sub-two-hour battery life. The one downside to the Razer Blade Pro is the eye-watering price. System configurations start at $3,700 for a machine with 512GB of SSD storage. Storage is provided by a pair of SSDs in RAID 0; a 1TB configuration costs $4,000, and a 2TB drive is $4,500. It should go without saying that $300 for an extra 512GB of storage is a poor deal these days, while $500 for a 1TB drive isn’t much better. That’s roughly 2x what such drives cost on the retail market, and you can bet Razer isn’t buying hardware off Newegg. Still, if you have a lot of cash you can afford to drop on a laptop and you want a system that balances gaming, weight, size, and battery life, the Razer Blade Pro is well-reviewed and well-liked. It’s not hard to find less expensive gaming laptops, even those equipped with a GPU like the GTX 1080, but it’s not easy to think of another system that offers nearly four-hour battery life, is less than an inch thick, and packs a GTX 1080. If you want that combo, you’re going to have to pay for it. Tagged In nvidia gaming PC gaming G-Sync razer gaming laptops Razer Blade Razer Blade Pro Chroma Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Why iPhone production isn’t coming to the United States Dec 30 Five reasons you should buy a car right now Dec 30 ET deals: Dell Inspiron 15 5000 15.6-inch laptop for $549 Dec 30 The year in space: Supernovas, gravitational waves, theoretical planets, and Hammer pants Dec 30 FBI, DHS release report on Russian hacking as administration-ordered sanctions take effect Dec 30 About ExtremeTech Advertising Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Accessibility Statement Use of this site is governed by our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Copyright 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC.PCMag Digital Group All Rights Reserved. ExtremeTech is a registered trademark of Ziff Davis, LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of Ziff Davis, LLC. is prohibited. unused
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Global Drone Transponders Industry Shares, Strategies and Forecasts Research Report 2016 to 2022 Researchmoz added Most up-to-date research on “Drone Transponders Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts Worldwide, 2016 to 2022” to its huge collection of research reports. The 2016 study has 268 pages, 92 tables and figures. Worldwide drone transponder markets are poised to achieve significant growth with the need to achieve protected airways. The simplest way to protect against mid-air collisions is to require the use of ADS-B transponders on all aircraft. Transponders can turn an uncooperative environment into a cooperative environment. Transponders provide location and positioning information about smart commercial drones. These drones have a computer inside, they are easy to fly, remotely maneuverable, have a camera, and contain sensor logic. Smart drones are evolving computer driven collision avoidance technology making the flying more reliable. Remote operation occurs in the context of a workflow and sensors. Cameras are improving dramatically to permit management of video and picture taking that is realistic and detailed. Drone actuators, drone transponders, are needed to support drone package delivery. This is a huge new market that speeds economic development, makes it easier for the middle class to both work, and purchase lifestyle items and food efficiently. Drones based on aerial robotic platform technology can be used to make deliveries to each person’s home, landing on the back doorstep, leaving packages in a locked box. The drone package delivery technology has reached a level of maturity that bodes well for market development. Drone systems are mature enough to be at the forefront of aerospace manufacturing. To Get Sample Copy of Report visit @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=738546 Dronecode is an independently funded software project that harnesses the power of collaborative development. The aim is to fuel innovation across drone industries and ecosystems. Dronecode Foundation is a nonprofit organization working on a common, shared open source platform for Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). Dronecode brings together existing and future open source UAV software projects. APM UAV software platform was developed by 3DRobotics. 1,200 developers are working on Dronecode’s six projects focused on maximizing adoption of the project’s cost-effective, reliable and technologically advanced UAV software. Micro-Avionix has an ultra-lightweight low cost ADS-B transponder for UAS. Micro-Avionix has developed an ADS-B suitable for UAVs of all sizes to improve flying safety for all. The ping™ is a family of ultralight weight, low cost, ADS-B transponders. Weights range from 1.5 to 30 grams, delivering a variety of types of performance. The ping2020™, for instance, is capable of IN on both 1090ES and 978UAT, and OUT on 978UAT. The products are fully compliant with the minimum performance standards of DO-282B Class A1S. Micro-Avionix has developed an ADS-B suitable for UAVs of all sizes to The ping™ is among the world’s first families of ultralight weight, low cost, ADS-B transponders. Transponder and sense and avoid technology sponsorship by Sagetech, L-3 Aviation Products, FreeFlight, Micro-Avionix, Google, Trig, DJI, and Intel has been effective. Development by Dronecode application ecosystem provides huge advances in drone real-time sense and avoid behavior. An open source collaboration is expected to accelerate deployable solutions for agile and reliable operation in the national airspace. The open source platform has been adopted by many organizations on the forefront of drone technology: 3DRobotics, Parrot, Qualcomm, Intel, DroneDeploy, Yuneec, Airphrame, and others. With 750,000 users and 500 active developers the open source code initiative represents a compelling community of professionals and enthusiasts is able to support active improvements in control of airspace and improvement in flying safety for all. The alliance has worked on development standardization and software module interoperability “Use of drone transponders represents a key milestone in provision of value to the airborne package delivery industry. Customized cameras are used to supplement GPS navigation, acting as eyes of the drone, permitting package delivery everywhere. Digital controls will further automate flying, making ease of use and flight stability a reality. New materials and new designs are bringing that transformation forward. By furthering transponder innovation, continued growth is assured.” The worldwide market for drone transponders is anticipated to start from nothing and reach $2.5 billion worldwide by 2022 growing in response to the need to prevent drone collisions, keep the highways in the sky safe, and manage routing of commercial drones. Multiple applications drive market growth, most of all package delivery occurs out of line of sight. Other applications for drone transponders are in consumer photography, lightweight commercial drones for real estate, the military, law enforcement, border control, homeland security, utility infrastructure surveillance, agriculture, aerial mapping, and package delivery. Companies Profiled Market Leaders – Sagetech – L-3 Aviation Products – FreeFlight – Micro-Avionix – Google – Trig Avionics – DJI – Intel Market Participants – Airogistic – Amazon – Denel Dynamics – Dronecode – Fortem – Garmin – IMSAR LLC – I-Lap Timing Systems – Knorr-Bremse Group / Bendix – MarcusUAV – MMist – Northrop Grumman – Rockwell Collins – Textron Make an Enquiry of this report @ www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=738546 About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the one stop online destination to find and buy market research reports & Industry Analysis. We fulfill all your research needs spanning across industry verticals with our huge collection of market research reports. We provide our services to all sizes of organizations and across all industry verticals and markets. Our Research Coordinators have in-depth knowledge of reports as well as publishers and will assist you in making an informed decision by giving you unbiased and deep insights on which reports will satisfy your needs at the best price. Mr. Nachiket State Tower, 90 State Street, Suite 700, Albany NY – 12207 United States Email: sales@researchmoz.us Website @ www.researchmoz.us/ Tel: 866-997-4948 (Us-Canada Toll Free) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Follow us on LinkedIn @ bit.ly/1TBmnVG This release was published on openPR. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Aprotinin Market 2016 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Wi-Fi as a Service Market 2016 Global Industry Analysis, Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Politics Sports Life Outdoors Things to Do Elections 2016 Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Politics Sports Life Outdoors Things to Do Elections 2016 Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 30 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes. Post to Facebook Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses  Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes.  Check out this story on statesmanjournal.com: http://stjr.nl/2ibFQ3v {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Audit tackles Oregon's incentive programs for businesses SAUL HUBBARD, The Register-Guard 8:30 a.m. PST December 20, 2016 The Columbia River June 15, 2006 in The Dalles, Oregon. (Photo: Craig Mitchelldyer, Getty Images) EUGENE, Ore. (AP) — Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State's office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state's economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recipient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county's largest recipient of property tax breaks: $65 million over ten years. "It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources," Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. "Taxpayers should expect nothing less." STATESMAN JOURNAL Could Oregon have made more money from pot sales? Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren't adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state's overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas "already have faster employment growth." Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers' combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. STATESMAN JOURNAL City of Salem approves $749,000 grant for Park Front LLC For example, some subsidy programs don't publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don't provide details on whether a recipient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. "Both Business Oregon and the (Oregon) Department of Revenue tend to be conservative about releasing business information," the audit states, because releasing more information "could compromise projects ... and reduce demand for the incentive and loan programs." But auditors wrote that interviews with officials in other states where more disclosure is required hadn't found that to be the case. "Transparency promotes accountability for public dollars by spelling out the cost and performance of individual projects and giving policymakers and the public information about how funds are being used," auditors wrote. The audit also highlighted some issues with what is known as the Strategic Reserve Fund, a pot of money distributed as "forgivable" loans at the governor's discretion. The fund allocates roughly $7.5 million a year. All 11 projects proposed for funding received money in 2015, even though some firms offered "low projected returns" and others had received poor grades from finance staff who had examined their histories, the audit found. While reviewing seven large forgivable loans between 2008 and 2015, auditors found that Business Oregon staff, when doing their cost-benefit analysis, neglected to include other Oregon tax breaks or incentives that the companies were also receiving. "This approach understates the cost to Oregonians and may overstate the project's benefit," auditors wrote. Business Oregon Director Chris Harder wrote that his agency "generally agrees with the audit recommendations" for remedying the issues identified. However, Harder wrote that Business Oregon staff "disagree" the value of incentives should be "measured exclusively" by how many jobs they create and how high their wages are. As to increased transparency, Harder wrote that he is committed "to exploring ways to balance the public's right to know" with businesses' right to privacy. "Businesses are often reluctant to make their financial information and tax records public, fearing that it will create a competitive disadvantage for them," he wrote. Atkins noted that Oregon's economic development spending "is low compared to some other states, and competition for state dollars is high." "This increases the urgency of the need to be more strategic and transparent about the use of business incentives and loans," she said. 30 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://stjr.nl/2ibFQ3v TOP VIDEOS Crocodile creatively cornered 0:34 Commoner by day, man lives like a king at night 1:13 Look who drops by for dinner... every night 0:29 Christmas eve train 0:12 2016 Salem snowstorm 0:50 snowpocalypse 2016: by the numbers 0:50 #TeamBaker: If you're going to get angry, get angry at God 1:20 Special delivery from Salem Police 1:04 The hottest food trends of 2017, according to Pinterest 0:49 Dreamcatchers full of meth seized by border patrol 0:45
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand The Best 13-Inch Laptop Isn't Made by Apple Christina Warren | Gizmodo MediaDec 20, 2016, 09.42 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Image Credit For years, the MacBook Pro was the weapon of choice for people willing to plunk down good money for a powerful laptop with slick design. That it's a staple of both hip coffee shops and design studios reflects just how elegantly it balances the needs of the aesthete and the power user. But when it comes to sleek, well-designed, powerful laptops, it's no longer the obvious choice. Nearly every laptop maker has a striking machine that'll bring tears to your eyes when your credit card bill arrives. But not all fancy laptops slide cleanly into the basic MacBook Pro's slot. Some, like the flexible HP x360, are half tablet. Others, like the gaming-focused Alienware 13, are all chunk and power. And Microsoft's 15-inch Surface Book is a marvel of design and engineering, but borders on large and cumbersome. We set out to find out if any computers could compete with the most basic model of the new MacBook Pro-the 13-inch, $1500 number without the new gimmicky Touch Bar. Both Dell and Razer have laptops that measure up nearly perfectly, blending speed, quality, and design just right. We pitted similarly configured models against each other to see which is best. For this comparison, our contenders (and the price of the configuration we tested) are The Razer Blade Stealth ($1250), the Dell XPS 13 ($1600), and a new Apple MacBook Pro (without Touch Bar). Our tests ranged from grueling power showdowns to practical everyday web browsing. Some of the tests were downright ridiculous. No matter what you're planning to use your fancy laptop for, we've found the machine for you. For the person who needs power and versatility Image: Nicholas Stango/Gizmodo The new MacBook Pro infuriated nerdy power users when it was revealed it had last year's processor-and perhaps more damningly, unlike the infinitely versatile Pros of the past, it had just three ports: the ubiquitous headphone port, and two Thunderbolt 3-backed USB-C ports. USB-C is a remarkably flexible port style, which is widely considered the future. It has many advantages, including high-speed charging and super-fast data transfer speeds, but the problem is that if you want to plug in your legacy monitor, a hard drive, your camera's SD card, or even your iPhone, you're going to need a dongle adapter. If you've never had to do that before, Apple's minimalism looks more like a chore than a step towards the future. In practice, the MacBook Pro's limited ports aren't so much a dealbreaker as they are a pricey inconvenience. It sucks to buy them. To mimic the additional USB-A ports on both the Blade Stealth and XPS 13, I'd need to drop another $20. Add another $10 if I want to rip my photos directly off my SD card like I can with the XPS 13. And another $10 if I want to send video to my TV via HDMI like I can with the Blade Stealth. Sadly, there's no amount of money I can drop to replicate the Dell's best port-the proprietary power port. Having to hunt for a very particular power cord is irritating, but it also means a precious USB-C port isn't being used to charge the laptop as is the case with the MacBook Pro and Blade Stealth. That's a big deal for a power hungry power user. Almost as big as actual performance. Here are the numbers, for those inclined to inspect them. We'll unpack them below. Image: Gizmodo Image: Gizmodo All three laptops have top-notch processors packed inside. The Razer Blade Stealth and the Dell XPS 13 both boast Intel's latest Kaby Lake i7 7500u processors. The MacBook Pro, meanwhile, runs on last year's higher wattage Skylake-based i5 6360u chip. This means they get through the majority of tasks at similar speeds. Unless you're really crunching numbers you won't notice a major operative difference between the three. All three machines will render GIFs, make quick videos, and process massive spreadsheets at a similar pace. Though the MacBook Pro did outperform the two Windows devices when we batch processed 20 giant RAW photos in Photoshop. It also did better on the WebXPRT benchmark, which replicates day-to-day tasks you perform in your browser, like scrolling through tons of images on Facebook, or loading an adware-heavy website. Where the MacBook Pro suffered, the XPS 13 excelled. It killed the competition on the Geekbench synthetic benchmark, and absolutely slaughtered the MacBook Pro when playing a game of Civilization VI. That's doubly impressive because the the Dell XPS 13 we tested had a higher resolution screen-3200 x 1800 versus the 2560 x 1440 found on both the MacBook Pro and Razer. Winner: Dell XPS 13 For the person who watches tons of video on the go In a constant race to differentiate themselves, Apple, Razer, and Dell seem to have settled on providing dazzling displays to run all the graphics rendered by their powerful computers. But pretty displays mean a major drain on battery life, particularly when coupled with a touchscreen such as that found in the Blade Stealth and the XPS 13 we reviewed (Dell also produces a model without a touchscreen). The Blade Stealth reviewed, with a bright 2560 x 1440 display, never made it past seven hours on a charge. The more expensive 4K variant would fare even worse owing to the additional pixels in need of power. Image: Gizmodo And other versions of the XPS 13 would actually fare better than the one we tested, provided you skip the touchscreen and go with a 1080p display instead of the vivid 3200 x 1800 display we tested. Still, our souped-up XPS 13 did stream movies for nine and a half hours when the brightness was set to just 200 nits, and an average of 10 hours when used as my daily laptop. Yet if you want to watch movies and you want to watch them all day, or on a random 11-hour overseas flight, then the MacBook Pro is the way to go. When the brightness was set to 200-nits (about three quarters of the way) the MacBook Pro lasted over two hours longer than the competition. But across three types of battery tests: streaming movies at a screen brightness of 200 nits, full brightness, and plucking away for an average work day, it was the Dell that did best. While the MacBook Pro is capable of the best battery life under optimal conditions, the Dell was the most consistent. If you dim your screen regularly get a MacBook Pro, if you never know what you're going to be up to, get a XPS 13. Winner: Dell XPS 13 For the person who needs to do work THe new MacBook Pro has a great keyboard and trackpad. A lot of noise was made about the new MacBook Pro keyboard...like, literally, it's noisy. I personally didn't notice an obnoxious click every time I pressed a finger to a key, and I've yet to be flogged by irate coworkers. But when it comes to actual pleasure and speed while typing the MacBook Pro definitely has an advantage. The MacBook Pro handily beat the XPS 13 and Blade Stealth in a typing test. Though the XPS 13 had enough key travel to make each key press feel satisfyingly meaty. The Blade Stealth was a different story. While it the customizable backlit keys are a very neat rarity for a laptop in this price range and size, the mushy feel of each key press was irritating. I was drawn to the MacBook Pro when I needed to edit my work as well. That's because the trackpad on the MacBook Pro is incredibly responsive and intuitive. There were no frustrating accidental highlights or drags across the page with the cursor. The XPS 13 and Blade Stealth were pleasant surprises on the trackpad front, operating nearly as well as the MacBook Pro, but the Razer's trackpad feels a little slick, and the rubber palmrests surrounding the Dell's can be distracting. Winner: Apple MacBook Pro The champion Dell XPS 13 Each of these computers will give you a satisfying computer experience. Nerds will nod approvingly when they see the garish green Razer logo and hipsters will jerk their chins in your general direction when they see that shiny Apple one. But the best 13-inch laptop is an unassuming Dell. The Dell is a consistent machine with great battery life, and powerful guts that deliver when you need them to. It has the ports that matter, and it doesn't ask you to juggle cords just to charge. It starts at $900, a full $100 less than the Razer and $600 less than the MacBook Pro. And it's just a damn fine laptop. When we reviewed the original XPS 13 back in 2015 we called it the Windows laptop to beat. That still stands. Winner: Dell XPS 13 Video by Nicholas Stango FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Razer Blade StealthMacBook ProDell XPS 13Battlemodo Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryUS Crops Are Disturbingly Vulnerable to Another Dust Bowl Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author iPhone Production Is Probably Never Coming to the United States Samsung's New Robot Vacuum Cleaner Looks Like Darth Vader How to Build Your Own Mini SNES Related stories Dell XPS 13 Convertible tipped for CES 2017 Dell XPS 13 Review (2015): The Windows Laptop To Beat Pissed at the new Apple MacBooks? Get the Dell XPS 13 Apple's MacBook Pro Battery Problems Are Getting Embarrassing 30 minutes with the 2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar The Cheapest Way to Buy the New MacBook Pro Personalized Recommendations Editor's Pick Lenovo Yoga 510 Review: Inconsistent Performer The Magic of George Michael: Bringing the “Faith” over a Glorious 30-Year Music Career OnePlus 3T review: Still the best damn phone for less than Rs 30,000 Nucleya Adds His Signature Bass To Papon’s Bihu in The Dewarists’ Latest Music Collaboration Confused between OnePlus 3 and OnePlus 3T? Read this Super Mario Run: My first 20 minutes! Hot Right Now Rideshare Carpooling Could Completely Eliminate the Need For Taxis in New York City SpaceX Plans to Return to Flight Next Week Tesla: Famous Korean Actor Who is Suing Us 'Threatened to Use His Celebrity Status in Korea to Hurt Tesla' A Single Text Can Disable iOS Messages Forever Protect Your Apple AirPods From Theft With This Sticker 11 Amazon Prime Benefits You Might Not Know About How Scientists Are Trying to Keep Genetic Engineering From Ruining the World Sorry, This Nearby Comet Will Not Strike the Earth and End Our Collective Nightmare Donald Trump Promises Hacking Surprise on 'Tuesday or Wednesday' Prepare Yourself for the Age of 'Superaging' Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social The next Galaxy Note may be a Galaxy S8 Plus instead, leaks suggest Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India Android 7.0 Nougat is rolling out to Moto Z Phones in India OnePlus 3T soft-gold variant goes on sale starting January 5 Overlook Paytm, PM Modi launches a new ‘BHIM’ mobile app AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Lloyd Mathias Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: Lloyd Mathias to Share His Marketing Journey on December 15 #AdAgeUnicorns: The R Balki Interview (Part 2) Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Micromax Canvas Mega 4G Q417 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 7499BUY5.5" Screen, 3GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Gold) ₹ 5300BUY5"Screen, 5MP Camera Asus Zenfone Max ZC550KL - 16GB (Black) ₹ 9199BUY5000 mAh Battery About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> GPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel Storage GPUs SSDs Motherboards CPUs NVIDIA Mobile Systems Home> GPUs ASUS ROG XG Station 2 eGFX Enclosure with Thunderbolt 3 Launched by Anton Shilov on December 20, 2016 12:01 PM EST Posted in GPUs Asus External GPU Thunderbolt 3 eGFX XG Station 25 Comments | Add A Comment 25 Comments + Add A Comment ASUS last week finally launched theROG XG Station 2 external GPU chassis, to enable Thunderbolt 3 systems to implement discrete graphics. The eGFX enclosure from ASUS integrates a 600 W PSU to ensure compatibility with power-hungry graphics adapters, and can house not only a video card but also an additional 2.5” storage device and bundles in extra USB 3.0 ports. The design of the external GPU box features signature ‘Republic of Gamers’ elements with red LEDs and Mayan-style patterning. ASUS was among the pioneers of external graphics adapters in 2007 when it first showcased its XG Station with an integrated NVIDIA GeForce 8600 GT GPU. The dock used the Express Card interface, was not upgradeable, was only compatible with select ASUS laptops and its performance was not enough for then-popular games like Crysis (which is partly why it never took off). The company did not bury the idea of external graphics for laptops completely, and at CES 2014 the company showcased its XG Station 2 with a Thunderbolt 2 interface co-developed with SilverStone. The chassis was upgradeable and could house a variety of graphics cards, but the entire platform itself had numerous limitations when it came to bandwidth, hot-plugging, driver support and some others which is why that product was not even released. In January this year, ASUS demonstrated yet another XG Station 2, this time with a proprietary physical interface that used two USB Type-C cables (albeit with 32 Gb/s maximum bandwidth) and was to be compatible with select ASUS laptops. Around that time Intel had managed to finalize its eGFX over Thunderbolt 3 specification with some external help from AMD (see XConnect), whereas Razer showcased their compatible solution up and running (and later commercialized it). The Thunderbolt 3 graphics appeared to be so robust that ASUS decided to drop its proprietary external graphics interface and go with TB3 instead. At Computex in June, the company showcased its XG Station 2 with a Thunderbolt 3 interface, which will finally hit the market in 2017, a decade after the original XG Station (and in the third iteration of its own). The ASUS ROG XG Station 2 looks exactly like the one demonstrated at Computex: the Mayan patterns serve like the openings to ensure proper cooling and the enclosure is equipped with multiple red LEDs controlled using the ROG AURA technology. The eGFX chassis from ASUS can accommodate a qualified double-wide PCIe x16 video card that is up to 12.2”/310 mm long. Due to TB3 bandwidth limitations, as with all TB3 eGFX enclosures, the GPUs are limited to PCIe 3.0 x4 bandwidth. The company does not specify the exact height of graphics adapters that the XG Station 2 can host, but for demonstrations it has used its ROG Strix boards with enlarged PCBs, hence it is safe to assume that there is plenty of vertical space inside the enclosure. To ensure that graphics cards receive enough power, ASUS integrated a 600 W PSU into the XG Station 2, a more powerful unit than in any other contemporary eGFX chassis. The enclosure has three 80-mm fans to pump up cool air into the box to guarantee proper cooling and enhance GPU overclocking potential for those who need it. ASUS ROG XG Station 2 eGFX Chassis Specifications Max Video Card Size Double-Wide, 12.2" Long (312 × 170 × 44 mm) Max Video Card Power 500 W (?) Connectivity 1 × Thunderbolt 3 (~40 Gbps via active cable) Chassis Size 6.22 × 17.95 × 10.94 inches (158 × 456 × 278 mm) Internal PSU 600 W 80 Plus Gold System Requirements Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Certified PC Thunderbolt 3 w/Active Cable (included) Windows 10 Compatible ASUS PCs ROG G701VI ROG GL502VM ROG GL702VM Transformer T303UA Transformer T305CA Official List Compatible Graphics Cads AMD Radeon RX-series and later NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10-series and later Shipping Date Early 2017 Price Not cheap at all The ROG XG Station 2 is not just an eGFX enclosure, but also rather an expansion dock for laptops that adds Gigabit Ethernet, four USB 3.0 ports as well as one 2.5” bay for a SATA hard drive or an SSD. It is noteworthy that the four USB ports are not involved in the TB3 connection and do not use PCIe bandwidth, but have to be connected using a USB 3.0 Type-B cable (which means that the XGS2 needs three cables: TB3, USB and power). From connectivity and expandability standpoint, the ASUS ROG XG Station 2 is on par with PowerColor’s Devil Box, but leaves the competitor behind it when it comes to the wattage of internal PSU. When it comes to compatibility, the ASUS ROG XG Station 2 should work with all systems that feature Thunderbolt 3 and support of eGFX through BIOS and TB3 firmware. ASUS lists its computers that can work with its external GPU enclosure on its website, but also lists systems from other makers. Nonetheless, it should not be a problem for the ROG XG Station 2 to work with appropriate non-ASUS PCs (e.g., with Razer’s Blade Stealth) with TB3 and appropriate BIOS/FW. Comparison of Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Chassis     ASUS ROG XG Station 2 AKiTiO Node BizonTech BizonBox 3 PowerColor Devil Box Razer Core Chassis Dimensions Length 45.6 cm 17.95 in 42.8 cm 16.85 in 36 cm 14.17 in 40 cm 15.748 in 34 cm 13.38 in Height 27.8 cm 10.94 in 22.7 cm 8.94 in 20.5 cm 8.07 in 24.2 cm 9.52 in 21.84 cm 8.6 in Width 15.8 cm 6.22 in 14.5 cm 5.71 in 8 cm 3.5 in 17.2 cm 6.77 in 10.5 cm 4.13 in Max Dimension of Compatible Graphics Card Length 31.2 cm 12.2 in Height (PCB+Cables) over 14 cm over 5.51" 17 cm 6.7 in over 14 cm over 5.51" 14 cm 5.51 in 15.2 cm 5.98 in Width 4.4 cm 1.73 in 5 1.96 in 4.4 cm 1.73 in Maximum GPU Power 500 W (?) 300 W (?) 375 W PSU Wattage 600 W 400 W 200W/400W 500 W Form-Factor internal proprietary SFX external internal proprietary Cooling Fans (mm) 3 × 80 120 2 × 60 unknown 3 × 80 Connectivity Thunderbolt 1 × TB3 1 × TB3 2 × TB3 1 × TB3 Ethernet 1 × GbE - 1 × GbE USB 4 × USB 3.0 1 × USB-B - 4 × USB 3.0 SATA 1×SATA 6Gb/s - 1×SATA 6Gb/s - DisplayPort - - 1 × DP 1.2 - Availability 1/2017 12/2016 10/2016 4/2016 Price $? $299 $649 $379 $499 ASUS plans to start sales of the ROG XG Station 2 in early 2017. The company yet has to disclose the final pricing, but given all the advantages that the product has, we expect it will cost more than an average eGFX box. Gallery: ASUS ROG XG Station 2 eGFX Enclosure with Thunderbolt 3 Launched Related Reading: AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 PowerColor Announces Devil Box: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Enclosure Razer Core Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Chassis: $499/$399, AMD & NVIDIA, Shipping In April More on AMD’s XConnect Tech: Thunderbolt 3 for External Radeons Source: ASUS Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 25 Comments View All Comments Shadowmaster625 - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Let's see, should I buy a $400 eGPU enclosure so my $1000 notebook can actual do something useful, or should I just buy a used T3500 off ebay for less money and actually get more FPS from my GPU and not have to worry about docking or dealing with a bunch of cheesy connections that may or may not decide to work? Gee, tough choice. Reply xchaotic - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link I think a proper gaming PC is going to be cheaper than this. With Cloud save games on Steam, uPlay etc, it's probably easier to sync that way, rather than plug a very expensive GPU enclosure. Reply Flunk - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Bingo. I currently own BOTH a high-end laptop and gaming PC. This would be more convenient and save me some money the next time around. Reply MisterAlexEsquire - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Why the clunky, weird case design? I'd much prefer something in a rectangular prism form factor. Rounded edges and such are fine, but this thing looks just hideous. I'd love something I can plug my XPS 13 into for games when I get home, but not if it costs as much as building a second machine, anyway. Reply Flunk - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Then buy one of the other ones. The AKiTiO Node for example sounds like it would fit your requirements. Reply iranterres - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link 300$ for an enclosure? Come on... Reply ddriver - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link Direct your gratitude at intel Reply xype - Thursday, December 22, 2016 - link It comes with a power supply and needs to be developed, tested and certified. Add to that that neither of these will sell in huge numbers, and $300 is actually cheap. You can always just build your own, though. Reply Cygni - Tuesday, December 20, 2016 - link These eGPU enclosures that cost more than a complete gaming computer continue to miss the point. Reply xype - Thursday, December 22, 2016 - link Small market, people who actually _need_ or _want_ them will pay the price. People on a budget will build their own thigamajigs. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News GIGABYTE's New Console: The 'Gaming GT' PC Launched with Core i7-K, GTX1080, TB3 ZOTAC Announces GeForce GTX 1080 for Mini-ITX PCs Oculus VR Acquires The Eye Tribe, Developer of Eye Tracking Technologies Thermaltake Adds RGB Lighting to Toughpower Grand Gold PSUs PNY Launches CS2030 SSDs: Phison PS5007-E7, MLC NAND, 2.8 GB/s Sharkoon Launches Rapid-Case USB 3.1 Type-C Storage Device DIY Kit South Korea Fines Qualcomm $865 Million for Anti-Trust Violations Kaby Lake Systems With Intel Optane SSDs Coming Soon Lenovo Updates The ThinkPad Lineup: New Models, Welcome Changes Lenovo Launches New ThinkPad Accessories: Docking And Displays Dell Readies New XPS 15: 4K, Quad-Core Kaby Lake, GeForce GTX 1050 Plextor to Demo Mainstream M8Se NVMe and 3D NAND-Based SSDs at CES TWEETS IanCutress: Trump logic: say you know something, announce a press conference, cancel it, never talk again. He's done it several times. IanCutress: @Dresdenboy @anandtech But meeting CEOs. Always fun to give a card that says 'Dr' IanCutress: Wat @JohnLegere, please fix https://t.co/n8SN1Afgrk ganeshts: @chippy Use JDownloader (free and open source) in a VM. Also gives full control over what one needs from a YouTube link ganeshts: @cablematters What is the best crimper / punchdown tool to use with your shielded Cat6a 1K ft. cable/24-port patch panel/keystone jacks? IanCutress: #CES2017 I'm 85% sure I packed business cards. Otherwise I have 3 for the week. IanCutress: @British_Airways The Android app has had this issue for over a year. https://t.co/6zfAUR5ZtN ganeshts: @DTheSleepless @BrettHowse What is the real rate you are getting? Even with 4x4, I have not been able to get past 800 Mbps TCP throughput. ganeshts: @FPiednoel Given the 2 grace months, extra billing in near future not likely. But, for sure, need to get rid of data caps for wired plans RyanSmithAT: AMD's GCN macro-architecture & Radeon HD 7970 turn 5 years old today. Man, how the time flies. https://t.co/ZYqd9D57Pk RyanSmithAT: @fivemack No, because then only paying customers would have been able to leave reviews RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Save them.That way you can remember what they looked like in the past RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte Though at this point it's the OS (Windows) that concerns me more than the hardware RyanSmithAT: @reneritchie @DanMatte It'll be one of the first. We definitely won't have the luxury of being *too* picky until later in 2018 ganeshts: @SreekrishnanV @krishashok Netgear Orbi. But, for Indian houses with concrete/brick walls - hybrid sys (router + powerline Wi-Fi extenders) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 - Key Vendors are IPSoft, Rocket Fuel & Qlik Technologies - Research and Markets By Published: Dec 20, 2016 1:35 p.m. ET Share DUBLIN, Dec 20, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 - 2022)" report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: IPSoft Rocket Fuel Inc. Qlik Technologies Inc. Microstrategy Inc. Brighterion Inc. Microsoft Corporation Google Inc. IBM Corporation 24/7 Customer Inc. Next IT Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Technology 4. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Application 5. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market - By Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/mff8r4/asiapacific View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161220005882/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Artificial Intelligence Copyright Business Wire 2016 Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
No Ads Monday | January 2, 2017 Trending Trump returns to NYC following New Year's bash 01/01/17 06:30 PM Pence's key to jobs, innovation may hinge on subsidies 01/02/17 12:01 AM Spicer: Will Clinton be 'punished' for election tactics? 01/01/17 03:57 PM Bolton trashes Obama UN move and urges resistance 01/01/17 06:10 PM Gloomy Europeans hated 2016, pessimistic about 2017 01/01/17 02:45 PM Van Jones: 'The Clinton days are over' 01/01/17 11:13 AM Absent US export subsidies, US exporters turn to the private sector 01/02/17 08:49 AM Ex-Bush aide: Trump bullies the press but craves it too 01/01/17 03:46 PM Former Chicago top cop: Black Lives Matter killing blacks 01/01/17 01:55 PM 2017 to be year of massive change in Washington 01/01/17 11:54 AM Trump kicks author of critical biography off his golf course 01/01/17 12:25 PM PEOTUS Report Card: Trump takes control, challenges Obama 12/31/16 07:20 AM Obama: I won't leave on Jan 20 12/31/16 06:00 AM Memo to the young DC job seeker 01/01/17 05:00 PM Should Washington give the states money for healthcare? 01/02/17 12:04 AM Obama, born to run, not to govern 01/02/17 12:01 AM Byron York: On Russia hacks, it's jump-to-conclusions vs. wait-and-see 01/02/17 08:29 AM Gallup: Dems won't give Trump benefit of doubt 01/02/17 11:37 AM Trump should know Americans want restraint and smarts in their foreign policy 12/31/16 07:00 PM The art of getting to know Trump 01/01/17 12:01 AM Obama unleashes 3,853 regs, 18 for every law, record 97,110 pages of red tape 12/30/16 09:28 AM California Democrats legalize child prostitution 12/29/16 01:58 PM Schiff: Russia 'weaponized' computer hacking 01/01/17 02:40 PM Judge blocks Obama's transgender mandate 12/31/16 05:45 PM On Democrats and media finally recognizing Russia as a threat: Welcome to the party, pal 12/31/16 06:13 PM The drone president 01/02/17 12:03 AM Trump beats Obama engagement with Congress, say friend and foe 01/02/17 11:00 AM New Years' Eve injunction blocks the federal redefinition of the word 'sex' 01/02/17 08:00 AM Drug approvals lowest in six years 01/02/17 11:01 AM Health groups urge caution on repealing Obamacare 01/02/17 12:30 PM Turkey detains 8 over nightclub attack, reports say 01/02/17 07:48 AM 5 things Obama did right (from a conservative perspective) 01/02/17 02:00 PM Obama to deliver farewell address Jan. 10 in Chicago 01/02/17 11:33 AM Jill Stein serves Trump 'humble pie' for his New Year's Eve tweet 12/31/16 04:56 PM Sean Spicer: 'Zero evidence' Russia influenced election 01/02/17 01:08 PM Brazile credits Trump's 'make America great again' slogan 01/01/17 10:14 AM Congress can act to help coal miners survive a regulatory onslaught 12/28/16 12:04 AM 'Will history only record your silence?' 01/02/17 11:12 AM Spicer warns media: 'Business as usual is over!' 12/30/16 10:29 AM Cotton: Obama 'undermined' efforts to get tough on Putin 01/01/17 10:17 AM An ominous announcement for Chinese Catholics 12/31/16 03:58 PM Trump to reveal new information about hacking of Democrats 01/01/17 08:46 AM 9 times the media attacked Trump supporters 12/31/16 02:00 PM Trump adviser to businesses: Don't leave, good things to come 01/01/17 10:56 AM Wrong time for liberals to criticize curbs on executive abuses 01/02/17 01:18 PM Dems attack, demand Sessions recusal 12/31/16 12:08 PM Trump must tackle the crime wave afflicting black Americans 01/01/17 12:01 AM Dems: GOP cowardly to repeal Obamacare 01/02/17 02:59 PM Katie Couric, ethics-free filmmaker, to return briefly to NBC to co-anchor the news. 12/21/16 03:27 PM DHS: 94% of deportations are illegals, terror threats, gangbangers 12/30/16 03:01 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us The Islamic State is taking responsibility for the terrorist attack in Berlin on Monday. (Photo: Lucas Theis) Islamic State takes responsibility for Berlin terrorist attack By Joel Gehrke (@Joelmentum) • 12/20/16 2:26 PM •Updated: 12/20/16 2:45 PM Joel Gehrke Foreign Affairs Reporter The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/Gehrke-3.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack on the Berlin Christmas market. The Berlin attacker was dubbed a "soldier of the Islamic State" in the Amaq News Agency, an Islamic State propaganda outlet, according to SITE Intel Group. The claim comes just hours after German law enforcement released the Pakistani national they initially arrested in connection to the attack, which killed a dozen people and injured almost 50 more on Monday. The Islamic State statement adds that the attack was done in "response to appeals to target nationals of the international coalition," according to a translation from the New York Times' Rukmini Callimachi. "This is boilerplate ISIS," she added. The attack targeted a major cultural icon in Germany, which sees open air Christmas markets spring up around the country in December. It put additional political pressure on German Chancellor Angela Merkel, whose political party has been under pressure for admitting hundreds of thousands of Syrian refugees into the country. Subscribe today to get intelligence and analysis on defense and national security issues in your Inbox each weekday morning from veteran journalists Jamie McIntyre and Jacqueline Klimas. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for the Daily on Defense newsletter. You should receive your first issue soon! "I know that it would be particularly difficult for all of us to bear if it is confirmed that this deed was carried out by a person who sought protection and asylum in Germany," Merkel said. Through it's 'Amaq News Agency, #ISIS claimed that the vehicular attacker in #Berlin #German is a "soldier of the Islamic State" pic.twitter.com/LZ7aJij3aG— SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) December 20, 2016 3) #Berlin #Germany attack marks 3rd vehicular attack claimed by #ISIS Amaq in recent months (others: #OhioState in Nove & #Nice in July)— Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 4) This is 1st 'Amaq claim for a attacker while still alive; attackers in #France #Russia #America #Germany, etc. all killed prior to claim— Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 Top Story House Republicans vote to defang outside ethics panel Changes needed because lawmakers have been subjected to probes provoked by outside groups, Goodlatte says. By Susan Ferrechio • 01/02/17 9:03 PM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Joel Gehrke | National Security Subscribe to Alerts + News + Joel Gehrke + National Security Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-12-20 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/islamic-state-takes-responsibility-for-berlin-terrorist-attack/article/2610095 2016-12-20T14:26 2016-12-20T14:51 Islamic State takes responsibility for Berlin terrorist attack ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack on the Berlin Christmas market. The Berlin attacker was dubbed a soldier of the Islamic State in the Amaq News Agency, an Islamic State propaganda outlet, according to SITE Intel Group. The claim comes just hours after German law enforcement released the Pakistani national they initially arrested in connection to the attack, which killed a dozen people and injured almost 50 more on Monday. The Islamic State statement adds that the attack was done in response to appeals to target nationals of the international coalition, according to a translation from the New York Times' Rukmini Callimachi. This is boilerplate ISIS, she added. Politics,News,Joel Gehrke,National Security,Minusextra http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-5dfb68383aa151752d84e1adcf79992f.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-5dfb68383aa151752d84e1adcf79992f.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 20, 2016December 20, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market to Grow 46% by 2022 – Key Vendors are IPSoft, Rocket Fuel & Qlik Technologies – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the “Asia-Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market (2016 – 2022)” report to their offering. The Asia Pacific artificial intelligence market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 46.9% from 2016 to 2022. Today, big data, that is generated exponentially every hour, becomes a treasurable asset to many organizations. To be competitive in a dynamic data-driven and Web-centric market, most of the high-tech companies such as Google, Apple, Intel, IBM, Microsoft, etc. employ big data analytics (BDA) to mine insights within their big data to drive productivity, effectiveness, and efficiency. On the other hand, artificial intelligence (AI) has grown rapidly from a nascent stage to intermediate one in the last decade. AI is a youthful field in Computer Science in building an autonomous machine that intends to replace humans with daily activities. Robots mimic human behavior and frequently perform dangerous tasks. AI scientists seek to create autonomous machines such as humanoid robots that have the capability of reasoning as human common sense. The report highlights the adoption of Artificial Intelligence market in Asia Pacific region. Based on the Technology, the Artificial Intelligence Market is segmented into Machine learning, Natural language processing, Image processing and Speech recognition market. On the basis of Application, the market is bifurcated into Government & Defense, BFSI, Consumer Goods & Retail, IT & Telecom, Healthcare, Energy & Utilities, Manufacturing, Education, Transportation and Others segment. The market is further geographically segmented into China, Japan, India, South Korea, Singapore, Malaysia and Rest of Asia Pacific market. Companies Mentioned: IPSoft Rocket Fuel Inc. Qlik Technologies Inc. Microstrategy Inc. Brighterion Inc. Microsoft Corporation Google Inc. IBM Corporation 24/7 Customer Inc. Next IT Corporation Key Topics Covered: 1. Market Scope & Methodology 2. Market Overview 3. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market – By Technology 4. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market – By Application 5. Asia Pacific Artificial Intelligence Market – By Country 6. Company Profiles For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/mff8r4/asiapacific CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Disposable Undergarment Market 2016-2020 – Lack of Awareness is Limiting Growth – Research and Markets Next PostNext FDA Extends Review of Application for OCREVUS™ (Ocrelizumab) Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 香港大都會人壽於《指標》財富管理大獎 2016 勇奪8項殊榮 January 3, 2017 Samsung Electronics Unveils Family Hub 2.0 and Smart Built-in Appliances at CES 2017 January 3, 2017 Coast Guard assists disabled vessel in Morris Cove, Conn. January 3, 2017 MetLife Hong Kong Wins Eight Awards at BENCHMARK Wealth Management Awards 2016 January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Men, No Viagra Needed If You Do This Once Daily - Fixes ED Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | ISIS/Islamic State | Syria | War on Terrorism | Berlin | truck | attack Report: ISIS Claims Responsibility for Berlin Attack (AP Photo) By Todd Beamon   |   Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The Islamic State  claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. ISIS made its declaration — saying the driver was a "soldier of the Islamic State" — through its AMAQ News Agency, which was confirmed via several Twitter posts by the SITE Intelligence Group: Through it's 'Amaq News Agency, #ISIS claimed that the vehicular attacker in #Berlin #German is a "soldier of the Islamic State" pic.twitter.com/LZ7aJij3aG — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) December 20, 2016 2)Predictably, Amaq cites "security source" in calling #Berlin attacker #ISIS "soldier" responding to ISIS' call to attack coalition nations pic.twitter.com/seaS9chahk — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 3) #Berlin #Germany attack marks 3rd vehicular attack claimed by #ISIS Amaq in recent months (others: #OhioState in Nove & #Nice in July) — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 4) This is 1st 'Amaq claim for a attacker while still alive; attackers in #France #Russia #America #Germany, etc. all killed prior to claim — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 "The person who carried out the truck run over attack in Berlin is a soldier of the Islamic State and carried out the attack in response to calls for targeting citizens of the crusader coalition," the terrorist group said in its statement. But State Department spokesman John Kirby told CNN that "we don't have enough information to back up the claims by ISIS that they inspired or directed or were in any way involved in this. "We think it's prudent for the Germans to treat this as a plausible terrorist attack," Kirby told Jake Tapper. "That makes sense. There is no direct evidence." German police are continued hunting for the driver of the truck, which slammed into the downtown Christmas market late Monday. The Berlin attack marks the third assault by a vehicle the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for this year. The others include last month's attack at Ohio State University, and another in Nice, France, in July. At OSU, a Somali immigrant drove a car into a crowd — then jumped out and began stabbing people — before he was fatally shot by police. Thirteen people were hospitalized. In the French attack, 86 people died and 434 were injured when a 19-ton cargo truck was driven into crowds celebrating Bastille Day. Kirby told Tapper that the Berlin assault "bears the hallmarks of what happened in Nice in July. "We think it's prudent, obviously, to go forward with that, at least being one plausible explanation," he added. "We don't have any more information." Germany is not involved in anti-ISIS combat operations. However, it does have Tornado jets and a refueling plane stationed in Turkey to support the coalition fighting militants in Syria, as well as a frigate protecting a French aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. The assault led other European countries to step up security efforts. Italy said it would tighten surveillance for Christmas events, including Pope Francis' appearance at St. Peter's Square, The Washington Post reports. In the Czech Republic, officials promised "massive" security at public events on Christmas and as the New Year approaches. French officials, reflecting on the July tragedy, said that security at Christmas markets were immediately reinforced. Earlier Tuesday, German authorities released a 23-year-old Pakistani asylum-seeker who was suspected of driving the truck in the Berlin attack because they lacked sufficient evidence. The truck smashed into wooden huts serving mulled wine and sausages Monday evening at the foot of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, one of Berlin's most famous landmarks. Thirty of the 50 people hurt sustained severe injuries, police said. The truck belonged to a Polish freight company — and its rightful driver was found shot dead in the vehicle, authorities said. The Polish truck driver had arrived hours earlier in Berlin and had spoken to his wife about 3 p.m., according to his cousin. In Germany, the Chief Federal Prosecutor's Office said in a statement it had been unable to prove the Pakistani suspect had been in the cabin of the truck at the time of the attack and said he had denied any involvement. Earlier, Die Welt newspaper quoted an unnamed police chief as saying: "We have the wrong man. And, therefore, a new situation. "The true perpetrator is still armed, at large and can cause fresh damage," the chief said. Commenting on the suspect's release Tuesday evening, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told ZDF television: "That's why it is true that one cannot rule out that the perpetrator is still at large." De Maiziere said there was still no doubt the Berlin incident had been an attack but the motive remained unclear. He added it was not yet known how many foreigners were among the victims of the attack, adding no children had been among the dead. News of the arrest of the Pakistani had led politicians in Germany and beyond to demand a crackdown on immigration, but Chancellor Angela Merkel urged caution. "There is much we still do not know with sufficient certainty but we must, as things stand now, assume it was a terrorist attack," she told reporters Tuesday. "I know it would be especially hard for us all to bear if it were confirmed that the person who committed this act was someone who sought protection and asylum," she added. In the United States, President-elect Donald Trump condemned the attack Tuesday — as well as the brazen shooting of Russia's ambassador to Turkey at an art exhibit earlier Monday — and Trump vowed to eradicate terrorism and its many worldwide networks. Trump called the assassination of the diplomat, Andrei Karlov, "a violation of all rules of civilized order," saying he had been killed by a "radical Islamic terrorist." The president-elect said on Twitter: Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 19, 2016 Turkish authorities identified the gunman as Mevlut Mert Altintas, a member of Ankara's riot police squad, and said he was later killed in a shootout with police. Altintas shouted in Turkish about the Syrian city of Aleppo and also yelled "Allahu akbar," Arabic for "God is great." In addition, President Barack Obama telephoned Merkel on Monday — and "the president reiterated the U.S. offer of assistance and underscored that no attack could sway our determination, and that of our German allies, to defeat terrorism in all of its forms," White House deputy press secretary Eric Schultz said. "The president expressed his appreciation for Chancellor Merkel's steadfast leadership in our shared efforts to root out the scourge of terrorism and defend our way of life," he said, according to Breitbart News. Schultz also described the assault as a "horrific apparent terrorist attack." The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report. Related Stories: Michelle Malkin: Left Will 'Marginalize' Terror Tie in Ambassador's Death Angus King: Trump Looking for 'Simple Answers' to Hard Questions   © 2016 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront The Islamic State claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. Berlin, truck, attack, radical islamic terrorism 1136 Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM 2016-43-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Texas Judge Halts Federal Transgender Protections in Obamacare Monday, 02 Jan 2017 21:20 PM A federal judge in Texas on Saturday ordered a halt to another Obama administration effort to strengthen transgender rig . . . Disney May Receive $50M Insurance Payout After Carrie Fisher's Death Monday, 02 Jan 2017 20:44 PM Disney could be the recipient of a $50 million insurance payout because of actress Carrie Fisher's recent death. . . . Investigators Question Israel's Netanyahu Over Alleged Receipt of Gifts Monday, 02 Jan 2017 18:08 PM Police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for three hours under caution at his official residence in Jerusalem . . . More Most Commented Official: US Expels 35 Russian Diplomats, Closes Two Compounds Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 | 1035 comments Can't wait for this idiot to get out.... WashPost: White House Searching for Ways to Punish Russian Hackers Tuesday, 27 Dec 2016 | 829 comments There is no smoking gun on this "hack" accusation. The only political... Kerry Warns Israel: Two-State Solution is the 'Only Way' Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 619 comments There can be no two-state solution since the Palestinian Arabs refuse to... Trump Faces Challenges From GOP Over Border Wall, Deportation Friday, 30 Dec 2016 | 634 comments Time for all RINOs to change their ways or be on the outside looking in.... Obama Could Attempt Hail Mary to Put Garland on Supreme Court Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 546 comments This should read ' Obama tries to circumvent the Constitution YET again'... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
CuteGeek.com Home Reviews News Geeks Deals Bargains Gift Guides Local About Contact Themes Teal Pink Blossom Stubble Satin Dots Tile HWBOT Invite Extreme and Ambient Overclockers to Learn and Compete in the First Ever West Coast U.S. World Tour Event by Nina Pena on December 20th, 2016 Announced today, HWBOT confirms plans to host the first ever HWBOT Would Tour event on the West Coast of North America. The HWBOT World Tour Las Vegas event will be held at the GIGABYTE Suites on January 5th and 6th during the CES 2017 trade show. The event will start with a ‘Performance Matters’ launch event (with demos, speeches and a full blown party) followed by two days of overclocking workshops and contests, including the first Overclocking World Championship Qualifier. The Overclocking World Championship Qualifier will be sponsored by GIGABYTE, Intel and Seasonic and is open to all Overclockers. Day one will feature a qualification round where Overclockers battle it out across three benchmarks in just three hours. The round will involve three benchmarks with Overclockers given processors from Intel’s latest product portfolio plus the latest motherboards from GIGABYTE. The top four will be invited to return for the Semi-Finals and Finals which will be based on the same 1v1 structure used in previous World Tour events. Tickets are available from Eventbrite using the link below. Note: Attending Overclocker are asked to pledge $100 USD to book a seat in the HWBOT World Championship Qualifier. This will be reimbursed after attendance at the event. https://www.eventbrite.com/e/hwbot-world-tour-2017-las-vegas-tickets-30040853000?aff=HWTsite Good Luck to all those attending the HWBOT World Tour during CES 2017! Source and Direct Quotes from HWBOT.org   Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on PinIt (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related No Comments #CES2017 CES GIGABYTE HWBOT World Championship HWBOT Would Tour intel Las Vegas OverClockers Seasonic Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Facebook MySpace Twitter Flickr Youtube RSS Featured Post HWBOT Invite Extreme and Ambient Overclockers to Learn and Compete in the First Ever West Coast U.S. World Tour Event Announced today, HWBOT confirms plans to host the first ever HWBOT Would Tour event on the West Coast of North America. The HWBOT World Tour Las Vegas event will be held at the GIGABYTE Suites on January 5th and 6th during the CES 2017 trade show. The event will start with a ‘Performance Matters’ launch […] Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on PinIt (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Latest Videos Farewell to Cutegeek’s Mascot R… November 16th, 2016 DabKick App and Statistics of What May H… November 8th, 2016 IMAX® with Laser is Coming to Austin… September 20th, 2016 Logitech K780 Multi-Device: One Keyboard… September 14th, 2016 New York Fashion Week Live Stream September 12th, 2016 ATX Classic Game Fest 2016 August 1st, 2016 Sprint Unveils Second TV Ad Starring Pau… July 25th, 2016 Press Release: JULY DLC ANNOUNCED FOR RO… July 5th, 2016 E3 2016- My Recap June 24th, 2016 Space Foundation Accepting Nominations f… May 17th, 2016   Search Local Help & Info What:   Where:   Browse by state  » All Local Guides  » Alabama  » Alaska  » Arizona  » Arkansas  » California  » Colorado  » Connecticut  » DC  » Delaware  » Florida  » Georgia  » Hawaii  » Idaho  » Illinois  » Indiana  » Iowa  » Kansas  » Kentucky  » Louisiana  » Maine  » Maryland  » Massachusetts  » Michigan  » Minnesota  » Mississippi  » Missouri  » Montana  » Nebraska  » Nevada  » New Hampshire  » New Jersey  » New Mexico  » New York  » North Carolina  » North Dakota  » Ohio  » Oklahoma  » Oregon  » Pennsylvania  » Rhode Island  » South Carolina  » South Dakota  » Tennessee  » Texas  » Utah  » Vermont  » Virginia  » Washington  » West Virginia  » Wisconsin  » Wyoming Pages Activate Activity Groups Home Members Post Register The Geeks Contact Us Follow us About Us Advertise with us Licensing Newsletter Awards The Geeks Privacy Policy Archives December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 Categories Bargains (60) Contest (21) Featured (71) Finance (13) Gaming (34) General (747) Gift Guides (27) News (327) Podcasts (19) Reviews (222) Videos (59) Copyright 2010 © CuteGeek.com, All Rights Reserved. All trademarks mentioned on this page are the property of their respective owners. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Infinite Loop / The Apple Ecosystem Report: Apple’s Mac team gets a lot less attention than before Divided efforts and an iOS emphasis could explain the Mac’s diminished profile. by Andrew Cunningham - Dec 20, 2016 9:35 pm UTC Login to bookmark 312 Enlarge / Organizational changes within Apple could explain why we see new Macs like the Retina MacBook less frequently and regularly than we used to. Andrew Cunningham In an internal memo circulated yesterday, Apple CEO Tim Cook reaffirmed the company's commitment to the Mac in general and the Mac desktop in particular. Apple's desktops haven't been updated for years, and the Mac Mini and Mac Pro haven't been refreshed even longer. The lack of updates has prompted speculation and scrutiny among the press and the wider Apple enthusiast community. Though that memo was circulated to the press, its intended audience was Apple's employees. Cook specifically tries to address doubts among Apple's teams about the Mac's importance: If there’s any doubt about that with our teams, let me be very clear: we have great desktops in our roadmap. Nobody should worry about that. Those lines are especially interesting in light of a long report from Bloomberg today that indicates the Mac is "getting far less attention than it once did" inside the company. There are some rational explanations for this, as we've written before: Intel releases new chips less frequently than it once did, and when it does launch new products, they tend to bring only incremental improvements over their predecessors. The Mac also represents less of Apple's revenue than it did even five or six years ago—it usually generates somewhere between 10 and 12 percent of Apple's revenue, compared to 60 percent or more for the iPhone. But persons "familiar with the matter" detail to Bloomberg a few organizational changes that have negatively impacted the Mac and delayed some products past their originally planned ship dates. Meetings between Mac engineers and Jony Ive's design team, once a weekly occurrence, have reportedly become less frequent since Ive delegated some of his day-to-day tasks to other employees last year. When developing new designs, the modern-day Apple is also apparently more willing to develop and test multiple ideas at the same time. This divides engineers' efforts and slows things down. The 12-inch MacBook, for instance, was originally slated to ship in 2014 instead of 2015, but the team had to divide its efforts to develop both the current thin, light model and a "less ambitious" and slightly heavier version of the same concept. A problem with the redesigned batteries for the new MacBook Pros meant that they needed to be replaced, and engineering attention was diverted from other Macs to fix the issue. The problem with the redesigned batteries could account for the mediocre battery life that some users are reporting in the new models; the original batteries would have been molded to fill every nook and cranny inside the MacBook Pro's chassis à la the 12-inch MacBook, potentially increasing overall battery capacity. Finally, the report says there is no longer a dedicated team working on macOS—just one big team developing both macOS and iOS. The software that ships on the more profitable devices usually gets most of the attention. This could also explain why the iPad only seems to get specific consideration in fits and starts; it got major new features like Split View in iOS 9 last year but few exclusive improvements in iOS 10 this year. All of these problems have allegedly led to the departure of Mac engineers to other teams within Apple and at other companies. Though the Mac isn't as important to Apple's bottom line as it once was, the computers are still foundational to Apple's ecosystem. The Google Play app store has caught up to Apple's in many ways, but it's still common for high-profile apps and games like Super Mario Run to either come to iOS first or be iOS-exclusive. That development still needs to happen on Macs. Efforts like iOS 10's Swift Playgrounds app suggest that Apple is working on developer tools like Xcode for the iPad, but nothing has been officially announced or released yet. It's in Apple's best interests to keep those developers and other professional audiences happy with consistent refreshes and with high-end, high-performance desktops like the Mac Pro. Internal problems or no, Apple is still working on new Macs for next year. iMacs with USB-C ports (which are likely to be Thunderbolt 3 ports, as well) and new AMD GPUs based on the Polaris architecture are reportedly in the pipeline, as are refreshed versions of the MacBook and MacBook Pro with Intel's next-generation "Kaby Lake" processors. Apple is "exploring" options for a Touch Bar-enabled desktop keyboard. But there are no specific predictions about the Mac Mini or Mac Pro. Whether those computers will be refreshed, soldier on as they are, or be discontinued entirely is anybody's guess. Expand full story Reader comments 312 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Andrew Cunningham / Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Live View of the 5th Ave Entrance to Trump Tower in NYC Heavy Fog Covers the Empire State Building in NYC Live Look at Capitol Building in Washington D.C. RADAR: Heavy Rain & Thunderstorms Moving East Live Look at a Bald Eagle Nest Cam in Fort Myers, Florida Live Look: Stargazer Ranch Alpaca Cam Live Look at the Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Far Right Seeks to Exploit Christmas Market Attack, but Impact on Angela Merkel May Be Limited By Michael Edison Hayden Close Follow on Twitter More from Michael Dec 20, 2016, 4:24 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlaySean Gallup/Getty Images WATCH German Chancellor Merkel Lays Flowers at Site of Berlin Attack 0 Shares Email The attack on a Christmas market in a public square in Berlin, which killed at least 12 people, comes at a time when German Chancellor Angela Merkel faces increasing criticism from far-right groups for refusing to adopt a hard-line position on immigration. "This is a difficult day. I am, like millions of people during these hours, horrified and shocked by what happened at the Breitscheidplatz in Berlin," said Merkel, who is vying for her fourth consecutive term as chancellor. Not everyone in the country sided with Merkel's leadership in the hours after the attack. Most notable among them was Marcus Pretzell, a member of the European Parliament for the Alternative for Germany (AFG), a hard-right, anti-immigration party. He referred to the victims of the tragedy as "Merkel's dead" in a post on Twitter, implying that refugees and immigrants welcomed into the country by Merkel were responsible for the deaths. Martin Meissner/AP Photo German chancellor Angela Merkel votes at the general party conference of the Christian Democratic Union, CDU, in Essen, Germany, Dec. 7, 2016. Earlier today, a Pakistani man initially detained in connection with the attack was released from custody because of insufficient evidence, the country's federal prosecutor said, increasing the likelihood that other suspects are still at large. The man, who has not been publicly named, had a pending asylum case. He first entered Germany on Dec. 31, 2015, and arrived in Berlin in February, the country's interior minister said earlier today. He was not on any terrorist watch list and quickly denied involvement in the attack, according to Berlin police. The terrorist group ISIS has claimed responsibility for the attack, according to the SITE Intel Group, which provides extremist monitoring services to governments, corporations and individuals, according to its website. The lack of known suspects did not stop Pretzell and other European far-right leaders, such as Geert Wilders, an anti-immigration politician from the Netherlands, from attempting to exploit the tragedy for political gain. Wilders had posted a doctored image on Twitter of Merkel with blood smeared across her hands. Nationalist, anti-immigration sentiment has been rising throughout the West in recent years, as highlighted by the success of President-elect Donald Trump and the Brexit vote in the U.K. this June. Merkel has changed her tune on the refugee crisis, adopting a more conservative voice on immigration issues after a wave of terrorist attacks in the summer led to backlash. Quentin Peel, an associate fellow with the Europe program at Chatham House, a London think tank, spoke to ABC News about the aftermath of the attacks. According to him, a far-right sentiment has been rising throughout the West, but it was unlikely to affect Merkel's election chances in 2017. "I would expect an incident like this attack to lead to a great coming together of the country for Germany," he said in a phone interview. "Merkel is seen as Germany's steady hand and is mostly regarded a calming influence." Peel noted that Merkel's support among conservatives has been shaken by groups like the AFG, which he said are strongest in areas of eastern Germany, where economic issues are prominent and immigration has been limited. He said German leaders were less vulnerable to far-right challengers than other European nations because of the country's comparative economic strength. Referring to the rising popularity in France of the National Front, led by Marine Le Pen, who is known for her staunch anti-immigration views, he said the AFG is considerably weaker and poses less of a threat to Merkel's power. "Merkel has shown the German people a willingness to face immigration issues," Peel said, citing to her move to the right in recent months. "But she will do it in a tolerant and nonextremist way." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Far Right Seeks to Exploit Christmas Market Attack, but Impact on Merkel May Be Limited " Trump Is No 'Email Person' but 'Knows Things About Hacking' US-Led Coalition Service Member Dies in Iraq " 4 Dead from Suspected Pesticide Poisoning at Texas Home " Family Sues Apple, Claims FaceTime Distracted Driver in Fatal Crash Democrats Extol Health Care Law in Bid to Derail GOP Repeal 10-Month-Old Revived Twice After Being Exposed to Fentanyl " Retired Marine With Double Arm Transplant Wiggles Fingers " Year-Long Digital Detox Left Woman Feeling 'Grateful of Every Moment' " Last Dog Adopted During Shelter Clear-Out Gets Sweet Sendoff " Parents Outraged Over Alleged Hatchimal Toy Fails " Dylann Roof Faces Sentencing in Federal Death Penalty Case Pope to Bishops: Maintain 'Zero Tolerance' for Child Abuse " For Trump, the 1980s Still Hold Relevance Federal Prosecutor Tackles Heroin Scourge That Claimed Son 3 Released in Dakota Access Pipeline Stadium Protest Israeli Police Question Netanyahu Over Corruption Allegation " Queen Elizabeth II Misses Church Again, Raising Health Concerns " Dick Clark Productions Rejects Mariah Carey's Sabotage Claim " What Happened During Mariah Carey's New Year's Performance " Lauren Conrad Is Pregnant Kremlin Visit for Children of Diplomats Expelled by US " Time Lapse of Rolling Smog Gives Glimpse of Beijing's Pollution Problem " 'Bachelor' 'Definitely Remembers' One-Night Stand With Contestant " Injured Dog Stranded on Train Tracks Is Protected by Furry Friend " How Celebrities Rang in 2017
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS BlackBerry Becomes Software Services Company, Targets Secure Autonomous Cars By Rob Enderle December 20, 2016 2016 will be a year BlackBerry will be glad to look back on. It will likely do so with some pride because this was the year that BlackBerry completed its transition and finally became the software and services company it has been transitioning into.   Currently reporting growth in this new segment of 30 percent and Gross Margins in the 70 percent range, this is the kind of transition Sun Microsystems had hoped, but failed, to achieve and the one that HP, now HPE, attempted and failed with— showcasing that this is anything but easy.  Let’s talk about the autonomous car opportunity and why it is just a small piece of a much larger emerging market of increasingly smart tools.  Autonomous Cars Currently, this technology is in test all over the world with each of the major car makers, Uber, and technology companies like NVIDIA and Intel working in this space.  The reason the car companies are in this is clear because this feature represents a change in line with the development of the internal combustion engine in terms of its capability to massively change the car market.  For instance, Uber’s very aggressive plan is to use its service and automated cars to remove the incentives surrounding car ownership.  In Uber’s planned future we don’t own cars, we have a car service that picks us up and drops us off wherever we want to go.  Cars are then kept in holding areas charging for when they may be needed, and the experience is more like that in an elevator in terms of automation, safety and overall experience than in a car.   To give you an idea of what that car might look like, Harmon and Rinspeed created the Oasis, and it is a strong representation of what a future autonomous car from Uber might look like, but without a steering wheel.  But it’s not just cars that are getting this technology; in rural areas they are working on people-carrying drones, which are under test in Nevada. These could eventually make expanding roads unnecessary and make traffic, as we now know it, a thing of the past.  This just showcases how fast this technology is moving; we don’t even have autonomous cars on the road outside of tests and already we are into testing for autonomous planes, which would likely use the same flying infrastructure currently being created for delivery drones, some of which are very large.  Those drones will require similar autonomy and intelligence.   Even DHL is in the hunt for this new delivery method and is testing automated trucks that can deploy hybrid drones automatically in what appears to be a far more advanced solution than Amazon currently has.  But Once You Get Cars And Planes… Once you have solved the problem of navigating on roads and in the air, navigating in the home and in companies becomes far easier. This would allow this same technology to be adapted to robotics and, while the drone market is massive, the robotics market has the potential to match the cell phone market in size, providing robotic assistants to people in developed countries all over the world.   Some of these things have yet to cross over from being really creepy, but once machines can think, see, and make determinations autonomously, they’ll likely be much better.  Applications are as diverse as our imaginations and, unlike people, they can be specifically designed to perform certain tasks.   In short, once you have an intelligence platform, the total available market for it is almost unbelievably large.    BlackBerry’s Edge We have a lot of companies in the chase for this illusive market opportunity, each with unique capabilities and skills.  What BlackBerry brings to the table is security, and this may actually become the killer aspect of its offering.  If these robotic devices become compromised they could do a lot of damage. We’ve recently seen how humans turned trucks into weapons, and if enough autonomous cars, trucks, and planes were compromised at once they could do an unprecedented amount of damage. Thus, ensuring this can’t happen will likely become a defining competitive advantage for BlackBerry’s offering. Wrapping Up: BlackBerry’s transition is impressive; moving from hardware to software and services is anything but easy, and most companies that have tried this have failed.  BlackBerry is the exception and, now that they have largely completed the transition, it is pivoting to technology that could be used in autonomous cars, planes, and eventually robotics, providing a solid future for the company.  Its competitive edge is security and, given the risk of these things becoming weaponized, that competitive edge could well define them as a leader in this segment.   Apparently, the new BlackBerry is less about smartphones and more about smart everything else.  Go figure…   Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Rob Enderle President and Principal Analyst, Enderle Group Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles The Myths and Legends of Artificial Intelligence By: Special Guest    12/27/2016 Artificial intelligence, or AI, is the hot and trending topic everyone's been talking about these days. Industries like healthcare, manufacturing, tra… Read More Autonomous Vehicles Gain Powerful Ally: The US Government By: Lindsey Patterson    12/27/2016 Safety and lack of federal regulations seem to have a monopoly on the hampering growth of self-driving cars. The safety of self-driving vehicles has r… Read More The Massive Changes of 2016 By: Rob Enderle    12/26/2016 Granted, it is hard to top the result of the U.S. Presidential Election where we ended up with the first true political outsider as a President in my … Read More Online Games Shifting From Your Desktop to Your Pocket By: Special Guest    12/21/2016 Pokemon Go, and its incredible popularity, touched on something that may be the future of mobile gaming, and entertainment in general, namely interact… Read More Satellite-filled Sky for New Apps & Broadband in 2017 and Beyond By: Doug Mohney    12/21/2016 Once an exotic tool for governments and the Fortune 500, satellites are now beaming back increasing amounts of information for the Internet of Things … Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT The Myths and Legends of Artificial Intelligence Autonomous Vehicles Gain Powerful Ally: The US Government The Massive Changes of 2016 FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Rob Enderle Latest Article: The Massive Changes of 2016 Doug Mohney Latest Article: Satellite-filled Sky for New Apps & Broadband in 2017 and Beyond Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS High Availability DNS Reduces Downtime Risk and Improves End-User Experience DOWNLOAD NOW Delivering the Promise and Value Through Outsourcing DOWNLOAD NOW High-Performance Data Architectures for the IoT: A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper DOWNLOAD NOW Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW Four Futurists Give Insight into What It Means to be a Social Business DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES The Myths and Legends of Artificial Intelligence Autonomous Vehicles Gain Powerful Ally: The US Government The Massive Changes of 2016 Online Games Shifting From Your Desktop to Your Pocket Satellite-filled Sky for New Apps & Broadband in 2017 and Beyond Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Men, No Viagra Needed If You Do This Once Daily - Fixes ED Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | ISIS/Islamic State | Syria | War on Terrorism | Berlin | truck | attack Report: ISIS Claims Responsibility for Berlin Attack (AP Photo) By Todd Beamon   |   Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The Islamic State  claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. ISIS made its declaration — saying the driver was a "soldier of the Islamic State" — through its AMAQ News Agency, which was confirmed via several Twitter posts by the SITE Intelligence Group: Through it's 'Amaq News Agency, #ISIS claimed that the vehicular attacker in #Berlin #German is a "soldier of the Islamic State" pic.twitter.com/LZ7aJij3aG — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) December 20, 2016 2)Predictably, Amaq cites "security source" in calling #Berlin attacker #ISIS "soldier" responding to ISIS' call to attack coalition nations pic.twitter.com/seaS9chahk — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 3) #Berlin #Germany attack marks 3rd vehicular attack claimed by #ISIS Amaq in recent months (others: #OhioState in Nove & #Nice in July) — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 4) This is 1st 'Amaq claim for a attacker while still alive; attackers in #France #Russia #America #Germany, etc. all killed prior to claim — Rita Katz (@Rita_Katz) December 20, 2016 "The person who carried out the truck run over attack in Berlin is a soldier of the Islamic State and carried out the attack in response to calls for targeting citizens of the crusader coalition," the terrorist group said in its statement. But State Department spokesman John Kirby told CNN that "we don't have enough information to back up the claims by ISIS that they inspired or directed or were in any way involved in this. "We think it's prudent for the Germans to treat this as a plausible terrorist attack," Kirby told Jake Tapper. "That makes sense. There is no direct evidence." German police are continued hunting for the driver of the truck, which slammed into the downtown Christmas market late Monday. The Berlin attack marks the third assault by a vehicle the Islamic State has claimed responsibility for this year. The others include last month's attack at Ohio State University, and another in Nice, France, in July. At OSU, a Somali immigrant drove a car into a crowd — then jumped out and began stabbing people — before he was fatally shot by police. Thirteen people were hospitalized. In the French attack, 86 people died and 434 were injured when a 19-ton cargo truck was driven into crowds celebrating Bastille Day. Kirby told Tapper that the Berlin assault "bears the hallmarks of what happened in Nice in July. "We think it's prudent, obviously, to go forward with that, at least being one plausible explanation," he added. "We don't have any more information." Germany is not involved in anti-ISIS combat operations. However, it does have Tornado jets and a refueling plane stationed in Turkey to support the coalition fighting militants in Syria, as well as a frigate protecting a French aircraft carrier in the Mediterranean. The assault led other European countries to step up security efforts. Italy said it would tighten surveillance for Christmas events, including Pope Francis' appearance at St. Peter's Square, The Washington Post reports. In the Czech Republic, officials promised "massive" security at public events on Christmas and as the New Year approaches. French officials, reflecting on the July tragedy, said that security at Christmas markets were immediately reinforced. Earlier Tuesday, German authorities released a 23-year-old Pakistani asylum-seeker who was suspected of driving the truck in the Berlin attack because they lacked sufficient evidence. The truck smashed into wooden huts serving mulled wine and sausages Monday evening at the foot of the Kaiser Wilhelm Memorial Church, one of Berlin's most famous landmarks. Thirty of the 50 people hurt sustained severe injuries, police said. The truck belonged to a Polish freight company — and its rightful driver was found shot dead in the vehicle, authorities said. The Polish truck driver had arrived hours earlier in Berlin and had spoken to his wife about 3 p.m., according to his cousin. In Germany, the Chief Federal Prosecutor's Office said in a statement it had been unable to prove the Pakistani suspect had been in the cabin of the truck at the time of the attack and said he had denied any involvement. Earlier, Die Welt newspaper quoted an unnamed police chief as saying: "We have the wrong man. And, therefore, a new situation. "The true perpetrator is still armed, at large and can cause fresh damage," the chief said. Commenting on the suspect's release Tuesday evening, German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere told ZDF television: "That's why it is true that one cannot rule out that the perpetrator is still at large." De Maiziere said there was still no doubt the Berlin incident had been an attack but the motive remained unclear. He added it was not yet known how many foreigners were among the victims of the attack, adding no children had been among the dead. News of the arrest of the Pakistani had led politicians in Germany and beyond to demand a crackdown on immigration, but Chancellor Angela Merkel urged caution. "There is much we still do not know with sufficient certainty but we must, as things stand now, assume it was a terrorist attack," she told reporters Tuesday. "I know it would be especially hard for us all to bear if it were confirmed that the person who committed this act was someone who sought protection and asylum," she added. In the United States, President-elect Donald Trump condemned the attack Tuesday — as well as the brazen shooting of Russia's ambassador to Turkey at an art exhibit earlier Monday — and Trump vowed to eradicate terrorism and its many worldwide networks. Trump called the assassination of the diplomat, Andrei Karlov, "a violation of all rules of civilized order," saying he had been killed by a "radical Islamic terrorist." The president-elect said on Twitter: Today there were terror attacks in Turkey, Switzerland and Germany - and it is only getting worse. The civilized world must change thinking! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 19, 2016 Turkish authorities identified the gunman as Mevlut Mert Altintas, a member of Ankara's riot police squad, and said he was later killed in a shootout with police. Altintas shouted in Turkish about the Syrian city of Aleppo and also yelled "Allahu akbar," Arabic for "God is great." In addition, President Barack Obama telephoned Merkel on Monday — and "the president reiterated the U.S. offer of assistance and underscored that no attack could sway our determination, and that of our German allies, to defeat terrorism in all of its forms," White House deputy press secretary Eric Schultz said. "The president expressed his appreciation for Chancellor Merkel's steadfast leadership in our shared efforts to root out the scourge of terrorism and defend our way of life," he said, according to Breitbart News. Schultz also described the assault as a "horrific apparent terrorist attack." The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report. Related Stories: Michelle Malkin: Left Will 'Marginalize' Terror Tie in Ambassador's Death Angus King: Trump Looking for 'Simple Answers' to Hard Questions   © 2016 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront The Islamic State claimed responsibility Tuesday for the Berlin attack Monday that killed 12 people and injured 50 others when a truck plowed through a Christmas market. Berlin, truck, attack, radical islamic terrorism 1136 Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 02:43 PM 2016-43-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Texas Judge Halts Federal Transgender Protections in Obamacare Monday, 02 Jan 2017 21:20 PM A federal judge in Texas on Saturday ordered a halt to another Obama administration effort to strengthen transgender rig . . . Disney May Receive $50M Insurance Payout After Carrie Fisher's Death Monday, 02 Jan 2017 20:44 PM Disney could be the recipient of a $50 million insurance payout because of actress Carrie Fisher's recent death. . . . Investigators Question Israel's Netanyahu Over Alleged Receipt of Gifts Monday, 02 Jan 2017 18:08 PM Police questioned Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for three hours under caution at his official residence in Jerusalem . . . More Most Commented Official: US Expels 35 Russian Diplomats, Closes Two Compounds Thursday, 29 Dec 2016 | 1035 comments Can't wait for this idiot to get out.... WashPost: White House Searching for Ways to Punish Russian Hackers Tuesday, 27 Dec 2016 | 829 comments There is no smoking gun on this "hack" accusation. The only political... Kerry Warns Israel: Two-State Solution is the 'Only Way' Wednesday, 28 Dec 2016 | 619 comments There can be no two-state solution since the Palestinian Arabs refuse to... Trump Faces Challenges From GOP Over Border Wall, Deportation Friday, 30 Dec 2016 | 634 comments Time for all RINOs to change their ways or be on the outside looking in.... Obama Could Attempt Hail Mary to Put Garland on Supreme Court Monday, 02 Jan 2017 | 546 comments This should read ' Obama tries to circumvent the Constitution YET again'... To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker MainStreet Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity | Technology Conflicting Signals Abound for Apple's $22 Billion Mac Business By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Dec 20, 2016 | 5:57 PM EST Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: amd, aapl, intc It has been an odd couple of months for Apple's (AAPL)  Mac business, which still accounts for over 10% of the company's sales. Apple has refreshed one important Mac product line to decent reviews, and just affirmed its commitment to another part of the business. Yet questions about the Mac line's strategic direction, and which parts of the PC market it plans to target going forward, have grown larger than ever. In a post on an internal Apple message board that answered a series of employee questions, Tim Cook responded to a question about whether Mac desktops remain "strategic" to his company by insisting it's very much due to the performance/feature advantages desktops can provide relative to notebooks, and promising Apple has "great desktops on our roadmap." The remarks arrive about two months after Apple overhauled its MacBook Pro high-end notebook line by launching systems sporting faster CPUs, GPUs and flash storage, along with an OLED touch strip (known as the Touch Bar) that provides different controls and input options from one app to the next. No desktops were revealed at the event, and together with the fact Apple's iMac, Mac Mini and Mac Pro desktop lines haven't respectively been refreshed since 2015, 2014 and 2013, this had stoked fears Apple was putting Mac desktops on the back burner. But Cook said nothing in his post about refreshing the MacBook Air, Apple's cheapest product line for a notebook market whose size now easily dwarfs that of the desktop market, and from all signs a big part of its consumer Mac business in recent years. The Air line, which starts at $999, was last updated in early 2015. Apple is a holding in Jim Cramer's Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio. Want to be alerted before Cramer buys or sells AAPL? Learn more now. Since then, Intel (INTC) has twice refreshed its processor lineup -- first with its Skylake architecture in 2015, and then in recent months with its Kaby Lake architecture -- something that has made the Air's internals look outdated relative to rival thin-and-light notebooks. Outside of the Air line, Apple's cheapest notebook is the 12-inch retina MacBook, which starts at $1,299 and was refreshed with Skylake processors this spring. Meanwhile, a Tuesday Bloomberg report from the well-connected Mark Gurman states "the Mac is getting far less attention [within Apple] than it once did." The Mac team has reportedly "lost clout" with Jony Ive's industrial design team, and workers talk of "a lack of clear direction from senior management, departures of key people working on Mac hardware and technical challenges" that have led to product delays. Gurman adds Apple has restructured its software engineering division so that there's no longer a dedicated MacOS team -- there's now just a single OS team that tends to prioritize iOS -- and is prepping only "modest updates" to its Mac line for 2017. New iMacs will reportedly feature high-speed USB-C ports and AMD  (AMD) GPUs -- one has to think new Intel CPUs will also arrive -- and the MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook will receive "minor bumps in processing power." And as questions mount about the extent of Apple's Mac commitment, the company has dialed up its efforts to market the iPad Pro -- offered via 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch models that respectively start at $599 and $799 -- as a computer, rather than just a powerful tablet. Apple has also been steadily adding to iOS' multitasking abilities and baking more enterprise-friendly features into the OS. In addition, new iPad Pro models sporting 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch screens are reportedly due in 2017, and an iPad with a flexible OLED display is rumored to be in the pipeline for 2018. All the same, convincing MacOS and Windows users to ditch their notebooks in favor of a device lacking USB or mouse support often won't be easy. And while PC sales are certainly slumping, tablet sales (iPad or otherwise) haven't been booming either during the last few years. Strong iPad Pro sales allowed Apple to register positive annual iPad revenue growth for the first time in years during its June quarter (revenue was flat in the September quarter). But Apple's total iPad revenue only amounted to $4.3 billion last quarter, less than Mac revenue of $5.7 billion in spite of a 17% annual sales drop for the latter ahead of the MacBook Pro refresh. It should be noted Apple has a history of making controversial technology bets that in time end up looking brilliant or at least ahead of the curve. The company's decision not to support Adobe Flash on iOS fits the bill, as does doing away with DVD drives and removable batteries on MacBooks and aggressively embracing flash storage within iPods. And of course, there's the iPhone, which in several ways rewrote the rules on what a smartphone should look like and in doing so spawned the world's most profitable consumer electronics business. Thus, if Apple has decided to steer cost-sensitive notebook buyers towards the iPad Pro, and more broadly pay less attention to its Mac operations relative to its mobile hardware and software, it deserves the benefit of the doubt. Still, until either Mac or iPad sales pick up meaningfully, concerns about where a 32-year-old business doing over $22 billion in annual sales is headed will understandably remain. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa Apple Has a Lot to Lose if its Favorable Chinese Manufacturing Deals Unravel Holiday Phone Activations Bode Well for Apple's iPhone 7-Plus Sales 5 Tech Predictions That Didn't Come True in 2016, and What to Learn from Them Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. Tags: Equities | technology | hardware | Consumer Durables BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and Director of Research Jack Mohr reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 David Peltier uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Dividend Stock Advisor David Peltier identifies the best of breed dividend stocks that will pay a reliable AND significant income stream. Product Features: Biweekly dividend newsletter Diversifed model portfolio of dividend stocks Intraday trade alerts Growth Seeker Chris Versace and Lenore Elle Hawkins, using sophisticated stock screening and fundamental research, identify high potential growth small and mid-cap stocks. Product Features: Model portfolio Small-cap and mid-cap focus Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Texts The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic 3 Big Things Home   >  AP   >  Pennsylvania Canada calls for release for kidnapped couple in Afghanistan FILE - This undated militant file image from video posted online in August 2016, which has not been independently verified by The Associated Press, provided by SITE Intel Group, shows Canadian Joshua Boyle and American Caitlan Coleman, who were kidnapped in Afghanistan in 2012. Officials in Canada are calling for the unconditional release of Boyle and his wife following the release of another video on Monday, Dec. 19, 2016, that appears to show them begging for their governments to intervene with their Afghan captors on their behalf. (SITE Intel Group via AP, File)     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile @KRMGTulsa Trending News Oldest known orca considered dead U.S. Customs and Border Protection system down nationwide, sources say Good Samaritan pulls woman from burning car Utah dad shares video of 2-year-old saving twin brother from fallen dresser Florida teacher 'lucky to be alive' after being hit by stray bullet New Year's   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - Conservative News About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains By The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. - Vardhman seeks shareholders' nod to raise up to Rs 500 cr Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Dec 20, 2016, 10.09 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major US indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled US investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. "Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?," said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. "That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues." The S&P technology index rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. US stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 percent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street US markets Dow Jones industrial average S&P 500 Nasdaq Composite Alphabet Microsoft Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Support for Bank Nifty at 17700; buy India Cements: Prakash Gaba Bull's Eye: Buy Tata Motors, Ashok Leyland, Ceat, HCC, IRB Infra Resistance for Nifty at 8228-8319: Prakash Gaba Anshu Jain joins New York firm Cantor Fitzgerald as President Bajaj Hindusthan to seek shareholders' nod to sell power biz Germany's Merkel to skip Davos on eve of Trump presidency BHIM downloaded 3 mn times, top app in India: Kant Road ahead not easy, Infosys CEO Sikka tells employees SC order victory for democratic, secular foundations: CPI(M) See all Video of the day See Nifty range at 7900-8000; bank index to sway mkt: Atul Suri Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Monday, January 2, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help News Local   State Government Audit highlights problems with Oregon’s tax and cash incentive programs for businesses     By Saul Hubbard The Register-Guard Dec 20, 2016   Today’s Local stories Eugene Airport completes major terminal renovations Dedicated customer buys popular Eugene coffee shop Snow, freezing temperatures in forecast for Willamette Valley this week Board responds to appeal from Eugene neighbors who oppose housing project for ex-criminals Chip Kelly fired after one season as San Francisco 49ers’ coach More Local »   Oregon should work to ensure better return on investment and transparency in the $340 million a year in tax breaks and cash incentives it provides to businesses, a new audit from the Secretary of State’s office concludes. The audit, released Monday, examines Business Oregon, the state’s economic development agency, and the incentives it provides directly to private companies. Those sweeteners — including forgivable and low-interest loans, tax credits, and direct cash assistance — total $72.5 million a year. But the review also examined property tax waivers granted by local governments through state-approved enterprise zones and the Strategic Investment Program. Those add up to $267.5 million a year in waived property taxes throughout Oregon. Technology firm Intel is the biggest recepient with $162.5 million a year in tax breaks from Washington and Multnomah counties. Lane County currently has several enterprise zones, which provide property tax waivers to a wide range of companies. Hynix, which shut its West Eugene plant in 2008, was the county’s largest recepient of property tax breaks: $65 million over ten years. “It is critical that Business Oregon and other state agencies regularly evaluate and improve their business subsidy programs to make the best use of limited public resources,” Secretary of State Jeanne Atkins said, in a prepared statement. “Taxpayers should expect nothing less.” Generally, the audit found that economic development officials, when they give a business an incentive, aren’t adequately monitoring and reporting the number of jobs the company creates or retains, the wages of those jobs, and the state’s overall return on investment. For example, analyzing 231 direct Business Oregon incentives between 2011 and 2012, the audit found that most went to firms where wages were lower, on average, than those in the surrounding county as a whole. The audit also found that only 30 percent of Business Oregon incentives between 2006 and 2015 went to firms in rural areas, even though urban areas “already have faster employment growth.” Regarding the enterprise zones created by local governments, the audit found that the standard zones appear to be working better than the long-term rural zones, which provide a longer tax break. In 2015, each new job in a long-term rural enterprise zone cost $55,000 in waived property taxes, versus $4,200 per job in standard zones. Data storage centers, which tech giants like Apple, Facebook, and Google have built in Oregon in recent years, have been particularly costly in terms of job creation, the audit found. Data centers’ combination of high investment in equipment — meaning potentially high property taxes — and few workers needed to maintain them, meant that each job they created cost $87,000 to nearly $800,000 in lost property taxes in 2015. The audit also concludes that, despite some recent improvements, there is still a lack of transparency in the different tax breaks and other incentives that the state and local governments provide. For example, some subsidy programs don’t publicly disclose what requirements — like a set number of created jobs or investment in a facility — businesses must comply with in order to receive their incentive. Others don’t provide details on whether a recepient ultimately complied with those requirements or not. “Both Business Oregon and the (Oregon) Department of Revenue tend to be conservative about releasing business information,” the audit states, because releasing more information “could compromise projects ... and reduce demand for the incentive and loan programs.” But auditors wrote that interviews with officials in other states where more disclosure is required hadn’t found that to be the case. “Transparency promotes accountability for public dollars by spelling out the cost and performance of individual projects and giving policymakers and the public information about how funds are being used,” auditors wrote. The audit also highlighted some issues with what is known as the Strategic Reserve Fund, a pot of money distributed as “forgivable” loans at the governor’s discretion. The fund allocates roughly $7.5 million a year. All 11 projects proposed for funding received money in 2015, even though some firms offered “low projected returns” and others had received poor grades from finance staff who had examined their histories, the audit found. While reviewing seven large forgivable loans between 2008 and 2015, auditors found that Business Oregon staff, when doing their cost-benefit analysis, neglected to include other Oregon tax breaks or incentives that the companies were also receiving. “This approach understates the cost to Oregonians and may overstate the project’s benefit,” auditors wrote. Business Oregon Director Chris Harder wrote that his agency “generally agrees with the audit recommendations” for remedying the issues identified. However, Harder wrote that Business Oregon staff “disagree” the value of incentives should be “measured exclusively” by how many jobs they create and how high their wages are. As to increased transparency, Harder wrote that he is committed “to exploring ways to balance the public’s right to know” with businesses’ right to privacy. “Businesses are often reluctant to make their financial information and tax records public, fearing that it will create a competititve disadvanatage for them,” he wrote. Atkins noted that Oregon’s economic development spending “is low compared to some other states, and competition for state dollars is high.” “This increases the urgency of the need to be more strategic and transparent about the use of business incentives and loans,” she said. Follow Saul on Twitter @SaulAHubbard . Email saul.hubbard@registerguard.com . More State Government articles »     SOS Business Incentive Audit (PDF) SOS Business Incentive Audit (Text)     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Local stories 5:06 p.m. Eugene Sheldon Pool reopens to public Monday after five-week renovation Transportation Eugene Airport completes major terminal renovations Business Dedicated customer buys popular Eugene coffee shop Weather Snow, freezing temperatures in forecast for Willamette Valley this week 2:38 p.m. Local News Cottage Grove Historical Museum to use grant to improve Titanic exhibit Crime Eugene-Springfield police make 21 DUII arrests so far on holiday weekend Eugene Runners double up with Eugene’s First Run Local News Board responds to appeal from Eugene neighbors who oppose housing project for ex-criminals NFL Chip Kelly fired after one season as San Francisco 49ers’ coach Oregon Girlfriend arrested in man’s fatal shooting, Klamath County’s 3rd homicide in 6 days Oregon 3 injured after driver hits crowd in Salem parking lot Eugene City of Eugene restarts leaf collection following delay brought by ice storm Holidays Gym regulars enjoy quiet day before the expected crush of New Year’s resolution-motivated exercisers Lane County Circuit Court Man sues Eugene pharmacy, alleging bad medicine Oregon Gray whales move south off Oregon from Alaska Fires Large fire destroys industrial shop in Creswell Local News New Year’s Holiday Schedule Local News Calendar Local News Community     Sports Oregon Women's Basketball Oregon Ducks women’s basketball team falls 75-59 to Washington State Cougars Three weeks ago the Ducks were ranked and rolling. Sabrina Ionescu recorded the second triple-double of her promising career during then-No. 25 Oregon’s 87-59 romp at Clemson. But since the prize freshman guard broke her … Oregon Ducks basketball looks to add depth to line-up Chip Kelly fired after one season as San Francisco 49ers’ coach Shaky Seattle has to rally to beat reeling San Francisco More Sports » Healthy Families Family Matters Senior living: Get an early start on how you want to live late in life Local experts recommend planning in advance for any needs or wants that may occur as you or your family members get older What will happen to your parents as they age, or to you if you’re the older generation? Will you be able to stay at home or need to move? What will your care needs be? … Dietary supplements remain wildly popular despite few, if any, actual benefits Events this week: Try out free fitness classes; learn how to nurture good mental health Should you stay in touch with your ex’s family? More Healthy Families » Weekend Entertaining Staying home New Year’s Eve? Festive drinks suit all tastes Local mixologists share easy recipes featuring fresh flavors The key to a delicious, festive New Year’s Eve cocktail actually may not be found in a bottle. It’s the flavors that surround your favorite spirit that can make the drink an exceptional end to … Related Party like you mean to stick to the budget | Weekend Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, Dec. 31-Jan. 1 New looks, ideas for 2017 kitchens Want to raise chickens? Learn before doing More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > Reviews Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review: Good but just not good enough #Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe Price ₹49999 Tech2 Rating 7.5 10 Your Rating 8 Compare Item 0 Product Review Specifications By Sheldon Pinto /  20 Dec 2016 , 08:30 Asus seemed to have turned a new leaf when the company showcased a barrage of new smartphones, at Computex 2016 in Taiwan back in June. Since then we have seen more premium looking devices come from Asus featuring metal construction (instead of plastic bits) and Qualcomm chipsets (from Intel chips). Asus basically moved from the budget segment into the mid-range and the premium smartphone market in India. After smartphones like the Zenfone 3 and the Zenfone 3 Max Asus finally announced the phablet-sized Zenfone 3 Ultra and the Zenfone 3 Deluxe, its first flagship smartphone. Asus’ hardware and software choices in the past may have not been the best, but in the flagship space things get pretty competitive and even the smallest drawbacks can and will make buyers look at another brand. Things can only get worse when you’re under the radar for being a new entrant in a segment flooded with established brands. So does Asus’ first flagship smartphone cut it? At Rs 49,999 (for the Snapdragon 820 model) how does it compete with premium offerings from LG, Sony, HTC and Samsung? Let’s find out! Build and Design: 7.5/10 I am impressed by the fit, finish and the precision of the build quality of the Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe. I liked how Asus managed to conceal the antenna bands as well resulting in a rather clean layout that makes one wonder whether the rear cover is made of plastic or metal? Well, it’s metal and it surely feels premium when holding it. The company calls this Asus PureMetal technology and for now, no other manufacturer out there offers the anything close to it. However, with the ‘Deluxe’ tag, I expected something more than impressive, and this flagship Zenfone is anything but that. Look at it from the front and it looks similar to the Zenfone 3, minus the 2.5D glass. Flip it over and the back looks similar to every other new Asus handset including the Zenfone 3 Laser. My problem with the design is that it’s not something that anyone around me in the office tagged as premium or different, something that stands out. There’s no curved edge display and those bezels aren’t exactly razor thin either when you consider the thick black border that sits between the display and the frame. This flagship smartphone is not water and dust resistant either and this is a concern when you keep the competition in mind. In fact, I can easily say that the Asus logo on the back is off by 2-3 millimetres and not perfectly straight by just glancing at the smartphone’s back. In short, it’s not exactly what one would expect when you pay Rs 49,999 for a flagship. Customers expect flagships to look different (if not attractive). In fact, I found the Zenfone 3’s design a lot better looking and pleasing even though the bezels at the top and bottom where thicker. Single Page Pages: 1 2 3 Tags: Asus, Asus India, ASUS Zenfone, Asus ZenFone 3 Deluxe, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe design, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe display, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe hardware, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe performance, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe price, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review, Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe software Also read Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Find More Products Select Category Select Category Audio Systems Blu-ray Players Bluetooth Headsets Camcorders Car CD Player Cases CPU Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Photo Frames Digital Projectors DVD Players External Hard Drives Games GPS Navigators Graphic Cards HD Media Player Headsets Home Theaters Internal Hard Drives Internet Security & Antivirus iPod Dock Keyboards Laptops Mice Mobile Phones Monitors Motherboards MP3 Players Multi Functional Devices Netbooks Pen Drives Printers (Inkjet) Printers (Laser) RAM Routers Scanners Speakers Tablet/Slate PCs Televisions TV Tuner Cards UPS Wearables Webcams Select Brand Select Brand Select Product Select Product Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review: Good but just not good enough Rate This Product 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 X LATEST Reviews Rating : 7 / 10 Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling Rating : 7 / 10 Lenovo K6 Power review: A budget smartphone that could do with a bit more power Rating : 8 / 10 AKG K52 Headphones review: Good sound, excellent comfort, makes these headphones a compelling buy Rating : 7.5 / 10 Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe review: Good but just not good enough Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
← → 0 Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums View Full Site Ars Technica Ars Technica UK Dark on light Light on dark Log in Register Forgot your password? Resend activation e-mail Gear & Gadgets / Product News & Reviews Samsung claims sleek new laptops are lightest on market, at just 1.8lbs Thin and light they may be, but you’ll pay a price when it comes to battery life. by Peter Bright - Dec 20, 2016 1:25 am UTC Login to bookmark 124 Samsung Samsung may not be keeping its PC division around too much longer—the company stopped selling PCs in Europe a few years ago, and rumors abound that it wants to sell the division to Lenovo. But, for now, the company is still making PCs, and, ahead of CES, Samsung has announced a couple with the bold claim that they're the lightest on the market. The new Notebook 9 comes in a 13.3-inch and 15-inch version, with the smaller of the two weighing just 1.8lbs. That's a full pound less than our current laptop pick, the HP Spectre x360, and it even comes in 0.2lbs less than Apple's MacBook. Indeed, even the 15-inch version, at 2.17lbs, comes in at a lower weight than these 13-inch competitors. The new Samsungs are thin, too; 14.9mm for the large screen, 13.9mm for the small one. If thin and light are what you crave above all else, Samsung's hardware is worth looking at. On the inside, the Notebook 9 uses (unspecified) Intel Kaby Lake i5 and i7 processors. We assume these are ultra low-power Y-series parts. While the different size screens offer different diagonals, they seem to be otherwise equivalent: 1920×1080, 350 nits brightness with a 500 nit "outdoor mode." Unusually, Samsung claims them to be high dynamic range screens, though the company does not specify if they support HDR-10 or some other specification. At 13.3 inches, you get a SATA SSD, up to 256GB, and up to 16GB RAM; at 15 inches, you get upgraded to an NVMe SSD and up to 256GB, though oddly the spec sheet says that this only goes up to 8GB RAM. Both include 2×2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.1, a 720p webcam, and an integrated fingerprint reader with Windows Hello support. Both devices also include two USB 3.1 generation 1 ports, one USB Type-C port that's also used for charging, an HDMI port, a microSD reader, and a headset jack. The 15-inch device adds a USB 2 port into the mix. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung   Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. Samsung Samsung Notebook 9. The lack of Thunderbolt 3 means they don't hit all our desired features, and the use of SATA on the 13-inch device is also a little disappointing. Given the light weight and slim size, don't be surprised to find a compromise somewhere. That's the battery. Both systems come with only a 30Wh battery, with even Samsung only estimating seven hours of battery life. Those competing systems may weigh a pound more, but they're boasting three-to-six more hours of life away from an outlet in return. As partial compensation, the Notebook 9's battery supports fast charging; a full charge can be done in 80 minutes, and more than two hours' worth can be added in 20 minutes. The Notebook 9 doesn't appear too picky about its charger, either; Samsung says that even smartphone chargers that support USB Type-C will be able to charge it (though obviously at a slower rate than the 45W charger that Samsung provides). Pricing and availability haven't been revealed yet. We expect to hear more at CES. Expand full story Reader comments 124 You must login or create an account to comment. Share - Tweet Email Google - Reddit - Peter Bright / Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY.  ← Older Story Newer Story →  You May Also Like WIRED Media: Ars Technica and WIRED © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012) Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
USEUROPEAFRICAASIA 中文双语Français HOME CHINA WORLD BUSINESS LIFESTYLE CULTURE TRAVEL SPORTS OPINION REGIONAL FORUM NEWSPAPER China Daily PDF China Daily E-paper MOBILE China News Society Innovation HK/Taiwan/Macao Cover Story Photos Environment Health Military Home / China / Innovation Cybersecurity may be slipping through our fingers By Cheng Yingqi | chinadaily.com.cn | Updated: 2016-12-20 07:29 Lin Yuhui checks some of the sketches he has drawn of people in public places. [Photo provided to China Daily] Rather than providing a safeguard, new voice-and fingerprint-recognition systems may actually help hackers to raid people's bank accounts. Cheng Yingqi reports. Before online payment systems brought so much convenience to our lives－allowing us to book taxis, go shopping or eat at a restaurant without carrying a wallet－the most famous online adage was: "On the internet, no one knows you're a dog". The lack of identity confirmation wasn't a problem for most people because the "old" web was a place where our online identities could remain separate from our real lives. However, new technologies that can link bank accounts with the internet are now bringing threats into our daily lives that once only existed in virtual spaces. For many experts, one of the most worrying examples is that facial features may offer hackers the opportunity to unlock people's safe boxes. Researchers with the McAfee Labs Mobile Research Team－the threat-research division of Intel Security－recently discovered a new variant of a well-known Android banking Trojan, a form of malicious computer program also known as "malware", that can hack into personal computers by misleading users about its true content. In addition to requesting financial information, the Trojan can also request a self-portrait with your identity document, which is useful for cybercriminals because it not only confirms a person's identity, but also allows outsiders to access their bank account. Easy to counterfeit "Biometric technologies, including facial recognition, fingerprint identification and voice recognition, are not suitable for remote authentication, because they are easy to counterfeit," said Mei Lin, director of the Cyber Physical System R&D Center at the Ministry of Public Security's Third Research Institute, in an exclusive interview with China Daily. "For example, if you use your fingerprint to verify your identity in front of a bank employee, you can't wear fake fingerprint film because it can be discovered too easily. However, if you are using your fingerprint as a means of authentication for online payment with no one watching, it's both easy and cheap to cheat," he said. At least one well-known Chinese online retail platform allows customers to purchase a DIY fake fingerprint kit for just 23 yuan ($3.34). The kit contains enough silica gel to produce 20 fake fingerprint films. Once payment has been received, the vender offers video courses that teach customers how to use the gel to manufacture false fingerprints that will allow a third party to "imitate" them and fool security systems. According to clients' comments, the film can deceive fingerprint punch-card machines and screen locks on several brands of cellphone. In addition, people also face the threat posed by "backdoors"－loopholes in the program that could give hackers the opportunity to steal a person's fingerprint information. In March, computer scientists from Germany and the United States unveiled new face-capture technology that can map a user's facial expressions in real-time onto the face of a celebrity and then generate realistic video showing the celebrity "saying" anything the user chooses. Meanwhile, last month, the Chinese voice-recognition software manufacturer iFLYTEK Co launched an app that can flawlessly imitate a person's voice, pronunciation and intonation. "From a technological point of view, this means it is possible to cheat facial- and voice-recognition-based identity authentication systems with remote logins," Mei said. "In physical space, biological features such as your facial features and fingerprints are the only solid proof of your identity. On the internet, they are just digitized information that can be easily duplicated and reused." Previous Page 1 2 Next Page Previous Page 1 2 Next Page Related Stories New hacking tactics and cyber thefts revealed Cyber dialogue playing 'important role' China, US to do more on cyber crime Cyber security threats up 10 times Crackdown targets cyber black market Codebreaking center reinvented as cyber education college Photo Smog chokes capital as AQI readings spike It's snow carnival time in Beijing Hardships and hope: Life of Beijing drifters China's big lakes welcome winter migrants Workers behind Beijing's tallest building Heart-warming railway track offers free rides to passengers Latest Construction starts on second, high-tech icebreaker Reforms aim for more sustainable, greener farming Acting governor appointed in northwestern province AVIC developing ultrafast tilt-rotor aircraft Medical waste turned into tableware, toys State Council News General public have their say on government Medical insurance to be linked nationwide by end of 2016 Exclusive Year in review: China moves up the world rankings Hardships and hope: Life of Beijing drifters Year in review: Global events held in China Editor's picks The silk road in the sky Steelmakers suspected in smog Ten photos you don't wanna miss Ten photos from around China: Dec 9-15 Special Battle against poverty Sixth plenum of 18th CPC Central Committee BACK TO THE TOP HOME CHINA WORLD BUSINESS LIFESTYLE CULTURE TRAVEL SPORTS OPINION REGIONAL FORUM NEWSPAPER China Daily PDF China Daily E-paper MOBILE Copyright 1995 - . All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily Information Co (CDIC). Without written authorization from CDIC, such content shall not be republished or used in any form. Note: Browsers with 1024*768 or higher resolution are suggested for this site. License for publishing multimedia online 0108263 Registration Number: 130349 About China Daily Advertise on Site Contact Us Job Offer Expat Employment FOLLOW US  
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Monday, Jan 02, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Wall St. extends rally REUTERS Published on Dec. 19, 2016 | Updated 4:55 p. m. U.S. stocks rallied, but finished short of highs earlier today in all three indexes. ASSOCIATED PRESS THE BLADE Buy This Image Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Wall Street extended a recent rally today but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major U.S. indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image RELATED: Searchable stock index That rattled U.S. investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. “Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?,” said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. “That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues.” The S&P technology index rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. “The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to “outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 percent after its “Rogue One: A Star Wars Story” movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.  Related Items: U.S. stocks ,Wall St. Click to comment Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2016 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor To Top Fetching stories…
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, January 03, 2017 10:51 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains Tuesday December 20, 2016 08:32 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: ‘Sherlock’ season opener pulls 8.1 million The Edit: Volvo overtaken in Sweden Klopp left frustrated after Liverpool drops precious points at Sunderland As costs rise, Penang’s hardcore poor forced out of school Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange December 16, 2016. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Dec 20 — Wall Street extended a recent rally yesterday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major US indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled US investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. “Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?” said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. “That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues.” The S&P technology index rose 0.61 per cent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. US stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than one per cent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. “The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities,” said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 per cent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 per cent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 per cent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 per cent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 per cent, Intel climbed 1.60 per cent and Apple climbed 0.58 per cent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 per cent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to “outperform” and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 per cent after its Rogue One: A Star Wars Story movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Singapore Q4 GDP beats forecasts as manufacturing rebounds ANZ to sell stake in Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank for A$1.8b Twitter China head Kathy Chen leaves company Oil prices rise as markets eye production cuts Brazil logs record trade surplus despite troubles Bank Negara takes action against firm over ringgit trade World’s highest-paid expats toil in land of fondue and watches Ringgit to stay under pressure on US interest rate rise Chinese firms ordered to pay Disney, Pixar US$194,000 for copying ‘Cars’ Bursa Malaysia ends higher Most Watched Now Week MMOTV: SKYACTIV Technologies — reason for renewed Mazda popularity Reuters Video: Israel's Netanyahu dismisses media reports of gifts investigation Reuters Video: Around 60 killed in Brazil prison riot HD video of earth from space will make your heart ache Reuters Video: Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds remembered in LA Reuters Video: Nunes stuns challenger Rousey with first-round title win Related Articles Asia stocks see subdued start to 2017, dollar resumes climb Wall St set to end 2016 with a whimper Wall St thinks stocks will rise in 2017 ― What could go wrong? US stocks little changed after jobs data, utility shares gain Asia stocks slip, dollar underpinned by yield premium Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities By Published: Dec 19, 2016 6:25 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Dec. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details The latest report from business intelligence provider visiongain offers comprehensive analysis of the top 20 cyber security companies revealing their revenues and market share derived from the $80.7bn cyber security market. Now: The latest announcement that the cyber security pact between the US and China agreed to in September has not prevented Chinese hackers from continuing their efforts to steal intellectual property from US companies, has led visiongain to publish this unique report, which is crucial to your companies. This is an example of the business critical headline that you need to know about - and more importantly, you need to read visiongain's objective analysis of how this will impact your company and the industry more broadly. How are you and your company responding to this news? Are you sufficiently informed? How this report will benefit you Read on to discover how you can exploit the future business opportunities emerging in this sector. Visiongain's new study tells you and tells you NOW. In this brand new report you will receive 472 in-depth tables, charts and graphs PLUS 4 EXCLUSIVE interviews with experts from Kaspersky Lab, Honeywell International, IBM and Dell – all unavailable elsewhere. The 421 page report provides clear detailed insight of the top 20 companies in the cyber security market. It reveals the key activities and performance of these companies in cyber security as well as detailed insight into how current threats to cyber security and requirements for solutions are shaping individual business strategy. By ordering and reading our brand new report today you will be better informed and ready to act. Report Scope - Detailed profiles of the top 20 cyber security companies revealing their cyber security revenues, market share and top 20 ranking - BAE Systems plc - Check Point Software Technologies Ltd - Cisco Systems Inc - Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Ltd (DTTL) - EMC Corporation - Ernst & Young Global Ltd (EY) - Fortinet Inc - General Dynamics Corporation - Hewlett Packard Company - International Business Machines (IBM) Corporation - Intel Corporation - Kaspersky Lab - L-3 Communications Corporation - Leidos Inc - Lockheed Martin Corporation - Northrop Grumman Corporation - PWC - Raytheon Company - Symantec Corporation - Trend Micro Inc - Each profile contains tables and charts detailing key financial performance indicators - Detailed tables for a total of 113 cyber security contracts - Each profile contains contract, services, product and M&A information - Detailed analysis of company performance and activities, identifying how cyber security threats and protection requirements are influencing business strategy - Analysis of the key factors, threats and security solutions that are driving the cyber security market - 472 detailed tables, charts and figures - 4 Interviews with key opinion leaders informing and underpinning the analysis: - Alexander Erofeev, Chief Marketing Officer, Kaspersky Lab - Jeff Zindel, Global Cyber Security Business Leader, and Erick Knapp, Director of Cyber Security Solutions and Technology, Honeywell International Inc - John Burnham, Director of Strategic Communications, IBM Security Systems - Julia Pope, Analyst Relations Lead, Dell Inc Who should read this report? - Anyone within the cyber security industry - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Technologists - Suppliers - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors How will you benefit from this report? - This report will keep your cyber security knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind - This report will reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data - You will learn how to exploit new technological trends - You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market through competitive landscape analysis - You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships with leading companies in cyber security Visiongain's study is intended for anyone requiring commercial analyses for the leading companies in the cyber security market. You will find data, financial performance, contracts and analyses of these companies. Buy our report today Top 20 Cyber Security Companies 2015: Analysis of Leading Players, Competitive Positioning & Future Market Opportunities. Avoid missing out by staying informed – order our report now. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3421852/About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah SmithResearch Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.comTel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/top-20-cyber-security-companies-2015-analysis-of-leading-players-competitive-positioning--future-market-opportunities-300381584.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 80,156 Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve 59,674 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' 27,411 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings 23,645 Mark Zuckerberg reveals he's no longer an atheist 21,630 Mark Hamill writes emotional goodbye letter to Carrie Fisher 19,573 Ex-wife of energy tycoon is sued for asking chef to cook 'black people food' Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Opinion editorial Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Obama blinks at China’s piracy, Trump’s ‘clean it up’ Cabinet, and other notable commentary By Post Editorial Board View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) December 19, 2016 | 6:23pm Modal Trigger President Obama Getty Images Activist: China Provokes, Obama Wilts China’s willingness to return a US Navy underwater drone it seized in the South China Sea “should not be the end of the saga,” writes Gordon Chang in The Daily Beast. “Washington must impose costs on Beijing for what constituted an act of piracy — and an act of war.” In fact, he says, the seizure “is only the latest act in a course of belligerent conduct spanning this century” by China against the US. Yet President Obama “cannot even talk about Chinese aggression.” So “Beijing now thinks it can, with impunity, do whatever it wants wherever it wants.” Conservative take: Trump Cabinet Must Fight Agencies Much is being made of the fact that many of Trump’s Cabinet picks “have key philosophical differences with the missions of the agencies they have been tapped to run,” notes David French at National Review, the fear being that “they don’t want to lead their agencies so much as [to] ‘dismantle’ them.” Says French: “Many on the left think this is a terrible thing. I think it’s fabulous.” That’s because the critics “are wrongly equating the agency’s very mission with the progressive policies they favor.” But “the Obama administration didn’t have the popular support to pass its agenda through Congress, so it went around Congress on a massive scale, including through executive actions and regulatory rulemakings.” Now that’s all “subject to repeal.” From the right: Obama’s Hypocrisy on Intel Briefings Marc Thiessen in The Washington Post takes Obama to task for his “chutzpah” in criticizing his successor for skipping his daily intelligence briefings: “This coming from the same person who skipped more than half of his daily intelligence briefings in his first term.” Indeed, “not only did Obama commit the same malpractice,” he “used the same excuses as Donald Trump to justify it”: that he was regularly briefed by his national-security team. Asks Thiessen: “So Obama could rely on other national security briefings, but Trump cannot?” As for ridicule of Trump for saying he’s “a smart person,” Obama’s NSC spokesman said his boss didn’t need briefings because he’s “among the most sophisticated consumers of intelligence on the planet.” As it happens, says Thiessen, they’re both wrong: “They do need briefers.” Professor: I Was Punished for Singing Beach Boys Tune Buck Ryan of the University of Kentucky’s First Amendment Center writes in the Lexington Herald Leader that he recently was disciplined for “sexual misconduct.” His crime? “Singing a Beach Boys tune covered by Alvin and the Chipmunks.” The tune was the classic “California Girls,” which the university’s Title IX coordinator ruled “included ‘language of a sexual nature’ and was somehow offensive.” Ryan sang the song for students at a Chinese university, using local places instead of the original American ones. “UK’s three-month investigation of my case revealed no student complaints,” but his punishment “bans me from receiving international travel funds and strips me of a prestigious award worth thousands of dollars.” And “when I inquired about my due process rights, I was told by the provost that I didn’t have any.” Business writer: Who Checks the Fact-Checkers? Leonid Bershidsky at Bloomberg is unimpressed with Facebook’s announced plan for combatting “fake news.” The site will “effectively outsource the fact-checking of news stories flagged by users as possibly fake to third-party groups” that sign “a code developed at the Poynter Institute.” But that undermines Facebook’s “own impartiality and may open the way for censorship on social networks.” For one thing, “Facebook’s choice of partner immediately cuts off a large swath of conservative readers. Poynter’s International Fact-Checking Network, home to the code of principles, is funded, among other donors, by George Soros’s Open Society Foundations,” raising the issue of “partisan bias.” And many of the groups “sometimes disagree about the veracity of the same statement” — because “truth is sometimes complicated and multilayered.” — Compiled by Eric Fettmann Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under barack obama ,  beach boys ,  china ,  editorial ,  fake news ,  intelligence ,  the trump transition ,  Title IX Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next New York's never-ending asbestos racket Read Next New York's never-ending asbestos racket Most Popular This Week 1 Science says these are the men who will make you orgasm 2 Mariah Carey closes 2016 with disastrous NYE performance 3 Massive 'anomaly' lurks beneath ice in Antarctica 4 How this home intruder got what he deserved 5 Obama’s ugly bid to snub voters and tie Trump’s hands 6 Debbie Reynolds rushed to the hospital Share Selection Columnists Johnny Oleksinski Social media users have hijacked celebrity deaths for self-glorification Adam Brodsky Count on these predictions not to come true in 2017 Benny Avni Obama's hypocrisy when it comes to interference in our politics SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Editorials DC Court of Appeals' global warming decision threatens First Amendment Grading de Blasio's pivotal year Looks like it’ll be another year of campus insanity Yule Log Click here for The Post's HD Yule Log from now until the end of the year! Today's Cover Browse covers archive Trending Now on NYPost.com 81,769 Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve 58,161 A woman live-tweeted a hellish date involving a man who 'doesn't do menus' 26,802 Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings More Stories pagesix Mariah's team says NYE performance was 'sabotaged' for ratings Now On Decider The 10 Sexiest Hidden Gems on Netflix nypost Thieves steal $6M in jewels while ball drops on New Year's Eve New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports FA Playbook Trader Talk ETF Strategist Modern Medicine Future Opportunities Marketing.Media.Money Advisor Insight Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Cybersecurity Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Companies beef up security against next smart home hack Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Monday, 19 Dec 2016 | 6:20 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters How Sigfox is tackling online security    Monday, 19 Dec 2016 | 12:00 PM ET | 03:03 After a hack attack blindsided major websites around the world this year, companies are exploring ways to better protect valuable data from connected devices. Data transmitted by your smart thermostat may seem harmless — but a cooler temperature could signal a house that's empty and ripe for robbery, Allen Proithis, president of Sigfox North America, told CNBC's "Squawk Alley" on Monday. "I think there's a will to exploit any opening," Proithis said. "So the trick is to engineer what you're doing, assuming the worst. But the other fact of the matter is, you're willing to pay a lot more for that sort of security when it's the vice president's pacemaker versus an agricultural sensor. And the trick is to match security to the threat, throughout the ecosystem." David Woolfall | Getty Images Sigfox, a secure platform for connecting so-called "internet-of-things" (IoT) devices, works sort of like a wireless carrier for everyday items. Sigfox, backed by companies like Intel and Salesforce, recently completed a funding round and has expanded rapidly worldwide over the past year, powering projects in places like Finland and Hong Kong. "This is a technology that enables the masses — the unserved market — that want to participate in the benefits of IoT, but really haven't been able to play because of the limits of technology," Proithis said. Sigfox's expansion comes after countless web cams and smart home devices, powered by Dyn, were hijacked and used to bring down major websites including Amazon, Twitter, Spotify and CNBC.com in the fall. Proithis said that many smart devices come pre-programmed with passwords like "admin" and are set to always stay connected, making them vulnerable to attacks. "The way our network works is, to get this really long battery life, 99.9 percent of the time, they're not even connected," Proithis said. "They're only really connected when they have something to say and then they go back to sleep." As it becomes more affordable, the internet of things can be incredibly useful for industries like agriculture or shipping, by finding the best time to water a plant or by tracking pallets that are lost in transit, Proithis said. Even Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is exploring the advantages of a smart home. But attackers are constantly finding more ways to monetize stolen data and stay anonymous, said Scott Harrell, vice president of product management and enterprise networking at Cisco Systems, which blocks millions of cyberattacks. Harrell says connected devices like a Smart TV or MRI machine pose more of a challenge, since they may not have a traditional operating system with software security updates the way an iPhone or PC does. Cisco bought OpenDNS last year, a company that's very similar to IoT hacking victim Dyn. Domain names and IP addresses, like those used by Dyn and OpenDNS, can be used to monitor threats to connected homes, Harrell said. Despite the huge amount of threat intelligence to be gained by inspecting internet of things connections, Harrell said there's no silver bullet. "We know it's going to become a problem," Harrell said. "There is money to be made out of it. You should expect them to do it, and they will replicate it again and again." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CSCO --- CRM --- INTC --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous    To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
null
About Us | Newsletter Sign Up Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Events Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: 'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? NEWS & ANALYSIS: Nokia Hits Apple With Patent Suits NEWS & ANALYSIS: Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles NEWS & ANALYSIS: SK Hynix to Build Wafer Fab in South Korea NEWS & ANALYSIS: Korea Fines Q'comm Nearly $1B NEWS & ANALYSIS: IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017 News & Analysis Chinas Memory Drama: Must-See in 2017 Junko Yoshida 12/19/2016 04:00 PM EST 3 comments NO RATINGS 2 saves Login to Rate Tweet PARIS — China’s growing presence in M&A negotiations for U.S. chip companies is this year’s one of the biggest untold business stories, and probably 2017, too. China’s voracious appetite for the access to memory technologies (and her plans to locally produce memory chips) has yet to be satisfied. China’s memory chip production plans, although still sketchy, became evident to close industry observers in 2016. What they’ll be watching for next is who — among global suppliers like Micron, Intel, Samsung and others — will make the first move in devising and negotiating technology licensing agreements or joint ventures with China. One factor in this suspense drama are several industry players eager to minimize Samsung’s market dominance in the memory field, a few industry analysts suggested to EE Times. China, which doesn’t necessarily want to see Koreans continuing to win either, can help their cause. Rob Lineback, a senior market research analyst with IC Insights, told EE Times, “With DRAM and NAND flash being significant IC markets in China (for PCs, data center servers, tablets, and smartphones, plus a wide range of other applications), it makes sense that memory would be in the crosshairs of Chinese initiatives.” Indeed, in its 13th five-year plan, China is explicitly seeking to develop an entire semiconductor industry that includes logic, memory, analog, FPGA, power management ICs, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, CAD, and EDA tools. When DRAM, NAND Flash, NOR and other memories are thrown in together, memory occupies 25  27 percent of IC purchases in China. (Source: IC Insights) Conundrum Its memory ambitions, however, crystalize China’s dilemma. Dieter Ernst, East-West Center senior fellow, notes that the market potential for memory is huge for IoT and AI applications in transportation, health and the environment. The conundrum for China lies in “how fast and at what cost can Chinese entities gain access to core tangible [memory] technology?” EE Times sees a set of questions arising. Will China be able to design and manufacture memory chips on its own? If not, will China be able to buy out global chip companies with memory technologies? If CFIUS (the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States) won’t allow such M&A’s, from whom will China license cutting-edge memory technologies? Ernst raised the most crucial question: When all is said and done, “Can China bring together a pool of experienced and highly skilled engineers and technicians good enough to pull off this advanced memory invasion?” On the other hand, China isn’t facing this conundrum alone. Non-Chinese memory chip vendors are also asking themselves whether they can afford not to play ball with China. The issue isn’t just market access to China, but the immense and growing capital expenditure now so critical to memory development and production. One semiconductor company executive based in Silicon Valley, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, cautioned, “I believe companies like Micron and Toshiba are vulnerable” if they don’t find a way to work with China. Risk for overcapacity Another dimension to the memory story is this: If China delivers on its promises, the industry could face an overcapacity of flash memory in the next few years. Brian Matas, vice president responsible for market research at IC insights, cautioned in the firm’s recent report, "Overall, the flash memory segment is forecast to register the largest increase in capital spending in 2016 with a very strong 43% surge.  However, historical precedent shows that too much spending usually leads to overcapacity and pricing weakness." Next page: Yangtze River Storage Technology Email This Print Comment Page 1 / 4 Next > More Related Links Latch-Based RAMs and the Hidden Capacitor Micron's Successful Quarter Reflects 3D NAND Progress Memory Drives Chip Growth New Consortium Drives Micron's Xccela Bus Semiconductor Market Recovery Gathers Steam Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] User Rank Author Re: 1.background: ubm112211   12/21/2016 5:44:22 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate 5. solve this equation depends on several factors. 1) how many investment the top 3 will spend in china, how many jobs will be created. 2) if this number is much smaller than the engs in the market. 3) they will team up with xmc etc and try to build up their own bussiness. that is exactly what happened around 2000 when smics started.  4) if enough job created by top3 in china it will take away the limited eng resources from xmc. xmc will lose it's steam and wane.     Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author Re: 1.background: ubm112211   12/21/2016 2:18:32 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate 4. memory is not so ... difficult.   if you know how a cell build up the rest is easy. many availiable informations around. just buy a piece of nand and do some x-section, xray, efa, plus some vendors are more than willing to share some tricks with you. Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board User Rank Author 1.background: ubm112211   12/21/2016 1:56:08 AM NO RATINGS Login to Rate 1.background: 1) overcapacity in china's steel, construction, auto etc sectors. 2) millions of college grads need to find a job. 3) hundreds (if not thousands) of chinese engineers working at samsung etc and want to change enviorment get better package etc.   2. if investment from the top 3 memory company in china can't fix 1.2, 1.3 they will find a way to meet their need.   3.  XMC is powered by some ex-samsung engs who got promoted to mgmt role and a few cypress engs who need some extra cash.   Reply   Post Message   Messages List   Start a Board Most Recent Comments                 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 2:15:49 AM GeniusEE You guys need to refuse coverage of any gonadless chip announcement that does not include 1K budgetary pricing. With $10,000 FPGA chips at Digikey, not sure if I should care about... 1/3/2017 1:58:25 AM GeniusEE "That's an easy one...just shy of 11 bits" 1/3/2017 12:28:30 AM Bert22306 It could be that people idolize, or want to emulate, or wish they could be, whatever they can understand. If you talk to the average "person on the street," it is surprising what... 1/2/2017 9:28:58 PM David Ashton @Crusty...happy new year....if you're looking at new scopes then do bear in mind the experiences of the late Glen Chenier (bless his cotton socks...wish he was still with us): http://www.edn.com/electronics-blogs/test-voices/4435528/The-scope-from-Hell- He... 1/2/2017 9:02:06 PM Kevin Neilson I'd say a supermodel is one who can earn a large income well past normal earning years based on recognition and not on inherent "value".  Gisele Bündchen earned around... 1/2/2017 7:13:24 PM realjjj Supermodel might be a Victoria Secret marketing term at this point in time but not quite sure as i'm not even mildly familiar with that circus. This summer ahead of the Olympics,... 1/2/2017 6:44:36 PM perl_geek Assuming we're dealing with quadcopters here, (Predators being a different proposition altogether), I would expect they're going to be astonishingly noisy in RF. 4 cheap electric... 1/2/2017 6:09:18 PM RadioGraybeard A drone can be anything from an under $500 RC hobby toy to a military UAV with the wingspan of a Boeing 757.  I think the problems of looking for them vary with the size... 1/2/2017 6:07:04 PM Crusty1 Hi David; I am on the look out for an new DSO, my OWON 25MHz DSO is still good, but with the clock speeds that I am using, evan as an amateur, it looks like 100MHz is the order... Navigate to Related Links Latch-Based RAMs and the Hidden Capacitor Micron's Successful Quarter Reflects 3D NAND Progress Memory Drives Chip Growth New Consortium Drives Micron's Xccela Bus Semiconductor Market Recovery Gathers Steam Datasheets.com Parts Search 185 million searchable parts (please enter a part number or hit search to begin) Cartoon Contest January 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Rosy Resolutions" "Your caption here!" 1 Comment All Cartoons November 2016 Cartoon Caption Contest: Pulvis et umbra sumus It was a seamless transition from Senior Principal Engineer to Museum Curator. 94 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  47   What Are the Coolest Engineering Gifts?  46   Half-Ton Megaprocessor is Finally Finished  44   Trump Win Roils Technology Sector  36   I Got an Uber-Cool Badge and a Mega-Cool ...  34   Dual-Port 2A USB Chargers Only $1.95  31   Could Engineers be Accused of Killing Jobs?  29   Rad-Tolerant Lockstep Quad Core 8051 Uses ...  29   Deep Thoughts Regarding the Bodacious Brain  28   Replacing Tantalum Bypass Capacitors with ...  28   The Time Has Come to Build My Own ...  5   Korea Fines Qcomm Nearly $1B  4   What I Learned as a "Wrapper"  4   Drone Detection: An Interesting RF Challenge  3   Get a Signal's Details  3   TSMC Says 10nm on Track, Countering Reports  3   We're Following the Wrong Celebrities  2   IoT: A New Twist on an Old Idea  1   IoT Ready to Light Up in 2017  1   Thinnest Nanowire Self-assembles  1   'Open Source' Robo-Car in '17? Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" Sign up for EE Times newsletter GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia EE Times China EE Times Europe EE Times India EE Times Japan EE Times Korea EE Times Taiwan EDN Asia EDN China EDN Japan ESC Brazil Communities EE Times | EDN | EBN | DataSheets.com | Embedded | TechOnline | Planet Analog Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement ARM Techcon DesignCon Designers of Things ESC EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains | Reuters - Firstpost DidYouKnow Newsroom diaries 2016: How we covered the year's big stories Firstpost. Tuesday, January 3, 2017 |Latest E-book|Switch to हिन्दी DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics BCCI vs Lodha panel: AAP welcomes Supreme Court verdict of removing Anurag Thakur BJP moves poll panel, says Asaduddin Owaisi's budget remark 'inflammatory' Madras HC 'closes' suit filed by Sasikala Pushpa against appointment of Sasikala Natarajan as AIADMK chief Pari'war' in Samajwadi Party: Mulayam reaches EC as opposing camps spar over 'cycle' symbol UP Election 2017: Narendra Modi in Lucknow does an Indira to highlight his standing Rose Valley chit fund scam: BJP's Babul Supriyo to file defamation case against TMC's Tapas Pal Sports Premier League: Sunderland's Jermain Defoe punishes Liverpool, Manchester City bounce back PBL 2017: Awadhe Warriors overcome Saina Nehwal's loss to Carolina Marin to crush Hyderabad Hunters Vijay Goel refuses to comment on BCCI president Anurag Thakur's removal by SC Chennai Open 2017: Hyeon Chung upsets Borna Coric, newcomer Daniil Medvedev advances South Africa vs Sri Lanka: Dean Elgar, Quinton de Kock lead Proteas' fightback on day one Pro Wrestling League 2017: Haryana Hammers kick start campaign with win over Mumbai Maharathis India Service charges waiver is not enough; it should not be billed in the first place at all Court allows use of 'secondary evidence' in Malegaon blasts trial Narendra Modi to inaugurate Indian Science Congress in Tirupati on Tuesday GST council to meet officials from 6 key sectors today SBI hopes rate cuts will help boost sagging loan market Supremem Court holds repromulgation of ordinance "impermissible", terms it "fraud" on the Constitution World Maintain 'zero tolerance' for child abuse: Pope Francis exhorts Catholic bishops Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre | Reuters Israeli police question Netanyahu over alleged gifts - media | Reuters Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, briefly cuts road to Mosul | Reuters Syrian suspected of planning truck attack in Germany arrested - prosecutors | Reuters 60 killed in Brazil prison as fighting breaks out between rival gangs Business Service charges waiver is not enough; it should not be billed in the first place at all GST council to meet officials from 6 key sectors today Infosys Vishal Sikka warns staff: Road ahead not easy; tech disruption bigger than Trump, note ban SBI hopes rate cuts will help boost sagging loan market Decision to make service charge optional will affect 8.5 million associated with food service industry: NRAI ICICI Bank joins SBI, others with 0.7% cut in lending rates Life Watch: These three Mumbai schoolkids want to 'recruit' Barack Obama to be their teacher Gwalior Fort: In this 360 degree video, we take you on a walk through this magnificent monument Insight 2017: After hate and bigotry got a shot in the arm in 2016; here’s how to have a better year Insight 2017: The rise of spoken-word poetry should continue for good Insight 2017: This year, will we look rather than just see? Insight 2017: Make this a year of awkward silences Entertainment Kareena Kapoor’s income tax account hacker arrested by Mumbai cops; accused wanted her number Autohead review: Paranoia, violence and memorable performances make for great mockumentary Bairaava, VIP 2, Mariyappan: First day of 2017 saw many Tamil film trailers, posters and songs Koffee with Karan Season 5: Will Siddharth, Jacqueline be as candid as Shahid, Mira? Dick Clark Productions rejects Mariah Carey's sabotage claim as 'absurd' George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz blames hacker for suicide tweets Photos Videos Year Ender Tech2 Faking News हिंदी You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Wall Street extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains | Reuters Dec 20, 2016 03:45 IST #Argentina   #Entertainment   #India   #Middle East   #Turkey   #United Kingdom   By Reuters By Noel Randewich Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany.All three major U.S. indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others.That rattled U.S. investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara."Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?," said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. "That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues."The S&P technology index .SPLRCT rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close.U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy.The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices.The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 .SPX ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44.Microsoft (MSFT.O) rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com (AMZN.O) gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple (AAPL.O) climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500.United Technologies (UTX.N) rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney (DIS.N) rose 1.34 percent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history.Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers.The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows.About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Dec 20, 2016 03:45 IST Related News Carlos Tevez's home burgled during striker's wedding celebrations Australian Open 2017: Juan Martin Del Potro bows out due to fitness concerns Football historian Jonathan Wilson talks about tactics, formations, origins of national styles, & more Explosion at Christian group building in Canberra, staff unhurt - media | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE South Africa Vs Sri Lanka Live Score SA vs SL | Jan 2nd, 2017 Live Coverage SA 297 6 90.0 RUNS WKTS OVERS LIVE Australia Vs Pakistan Live Score AUS vs PAK | Jan 3rd, 2017 Live Coverage AUS 159 1 34.4 RUNS WKTS OVERS Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS Vs PAK Live Now Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA Vs SL Live Now Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 ODI Series, 2016 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 ODI Series, 2016 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 67 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 ODI Series, 2016 NZ Vs BAN New Zealand beat Bangladesh by 77 runs Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by an innings and 18 runs Afghanistan in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2016 UAE Vs AFG Afghanistan beat United Arab Emirates by 44 runs Afghanistan in United Arab Emirates, 3 T20 International Series, 2016 UAE Vs AFG Afghanistan beat United Arab Emirates by 5 wickets England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India beat England by an innings and 75 runs Pakistan in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 AUS Vs PAK Australia beat Pakistan by 39 runs Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 3rd, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 6th, 2017, 07:30 AM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 3 T20I Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 8th, 2017, 07:30 AM IST Bangladesh in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jan 12th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Sri Lanka in South Africa, 3 Test Series, 2016/17 SA vs SL - Jan 12th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 13th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 HK vs SCO - Jan 14th, 2017, 03:30 PM IST Desert T20 Challenge, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Jan 14th, 2017, 08:30 PM IST Pakistan in Australia, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AUS vs PAK - Jan 15th, 2017, 08:50 AM IST England in India, 3 ODI Series, 2016/17 IND vs ENG - Jan 15th, 2017, 01:30 PM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters Around 60 killed as drug gangs clash in Brazil prison massacre | Reuters Israeli police question Netanyahu over alleged gifts - media | Reuters Islamic State kills 24 with Baghdad car bomb, briefly cuts road to Mosul | Reuters European shares hit highs as PMI data comes as New Year's gift | Reuters Syrian suspected of planning truck attack in Germany arrested - prosecutors | Reuters View more site index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्टAbout FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for Kids Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street extends rally as Germany truck attack rattles market News TV Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street extends rally as Germany truck attack rattles market Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. Posted 20 Dec 2016 05:44 Updated 20 Dec 2016 05:50 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE). (Spencer Platt/Getty Images/AFP) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday (Dec 19) but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major US indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled US investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. "Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?," said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. "That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues." The S&P technology index rose 0.61 per cent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. US stocks have been on a tear since the Nov 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly six per cent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than one per cent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 per cent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 4.46 points or 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 20.28 points or 0.37 per cent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 per cent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 per cent, Intel climbed 1.60 per cent and Apple climbed 0.58 per cent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 per cent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 per cent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.  - Reuters/de Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 14 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Starbright Holidays brings drones to Disney World On November 16, the Disney World resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel. Post to Facebook Starbright Holidays brings drones to Disney World On November 16, the Disney World resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2i2Jdhq {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Starbright Holidays brings drones to Disney World None On November 16, the Disney World resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel. Intel Corporation None Incorporating a fleet of 300 drones, Starbright Holidays marks the first show of such scale in the USA. Intel's Shooting Star drones are made of Styrofoam and plastic and weigh a little more than half a pound. They are outfitted with LED lights that are capable of over 4 billion color combinations. Intel Corporation None The presentation begins with a few bars of "When You Wish Upon a Star" followed by the appearance of twinkling lights above you in the night sky.Holiday favorites such as "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and "O Christmas Tree" play as the drones reform and light, a few at a time, into the unmistakable shape of a Christmas tree. Matt Stroshane, Disney None For Starbright Holidays' finale, the drones form a dove. With the music swelling, the sequence packs an emotional punch. David Roark, Disney None Alfredo Ayala, principal lead, research and development for Walt Disney Imagineering and one of the show's designers,says that his team originally animated the word, "peace," but later removed it. The dove, the Imagineers figured, transcends language and culture. "We have the symbol of peace," notes Ayala. "What better way to show it than from the stars themselves – from the universe?" Matt Stroshane, Disney None The Starbright show is among a number of holiday offerings at the recently expanded Disney Springs. Todd Anderson, Disney None Holiday-themed entertainment, including a dance party, carolers, and snowflake stilt walkers, is available throughout the sprawling complex. Kent Phillips, Disney None A cute Christmas Tree Trail features over a dozen bedecked trees sporting themes such as Disney villains, "Beauty and the Beast," and (of course) "Frozen." Todd Anderson, Disney Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 8 2 of 8 3 of 8 4 of 8 5 of 8 6 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 8 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide None On November 16, the Disney World resort introduced Starbright Holidays in collaboration with Intel. The drone show is being presented twice nightly at 7 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. through January 8 over the lagoon between Disney Springs (previously known as Downtown Disney) and Disney's Saratoga Springs hotel. Intel Corporation
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Username Password Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 07:52 - - - - print email Distributors ACA Pacific Alloys Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Dynamic Supplies Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology Samsung Communications Synnex Topstar Computer International Wholesale IT XiT Distribution Comments Samsung has upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals expected to announce new PCs at CES. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3- and 15-inch screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at January's CES. Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and also have better graphics. PC makers are measuring a performance improvement of about 5 percent to 15 percent improvement in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-inch model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-inch model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-inch model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-inch model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. Leader Computers and Ubiquiti partner to bring real wireless innovation to the Australian channel More from Leader Computers Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International MSI Cubi Mini-PC Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Annual ITSP Benchmarking Study Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients How to Sell Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ​Hemisphere Technologies - A next-generation approach to distribution   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:15AM ​Smartphone battleground shifts as virtual personal assistants accelerate 05:00AM Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' 03:18AM Millennials push for public cloud, innovation Dec 30 ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? More News Top 50 defining moments of the Australian channel in 2016 ​2016: The year that was for Aussie end-users 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains US STOCKS-Wall St extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains Source : Last Updated: Tue, Dec 20, 2016 03:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Markets cut gains after truck plows into market in Germany * Shooting death of Russian ambassador to Turkey weighs * Dow remains less than 1 percent away from 20,000 * Indexes up: Dow 0.20 pct, S&P 0.20 pct, Nasdaq 0.37 pct (Updates to close) By Noel Randewich Dec 19 (Reuters) - Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major U.S. indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled U.S. investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. "Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?," said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. "That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues." The S&P technology index rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 percent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish) SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St extends rally but Germany truck deaths reduce gains By Reuters Published: 16:23 EST, 19 December 2016 | Updated: 16:23 EST, 19 December 2016 e-mail By Noel Randewich Dec 19 (Reuters) - Wall Street extended a recent rally on Monday but finished the session short of earlier highs after several people were killed by a truck driven into a Christmas market in Germany. All three major U.S. indexes ended higher but lost some steam after German police said a truck ran into a crowded Christmas market in Berlin, killing nine people and injuring up to 50 others. That rattled U.S. investors already eyeing potential global troubles after the Russian ambassador to Turkey was shot dead in Ankara. "Markets want to be sure whether this is an isolated incident. Will this disrupt economic activity in just this area or will it be a wider area and for how long?," said John Canally, chief economic strategist for LPL Financial. "That's the playbook by which markets have come to address these types of issues." The S&P technology index rose 0.61 percent, with Microsoft, Intel, Apple and Amazon.com lifting the Nasdaq Composite to within a hair of last Tuesday's record high close. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the Nov. 8 presidential election, with the S&P rising nearly 6 percent on bets that President-elect Donald Trump's plans for deregulation and infrastructure spending will boost the economy. The Dow Jones industrial average is less than 1 percent away from 20,000, a level it has never breached. "The Trump rally is still with us. Every time something's down for two days, people jump on it. People are looking for buying opportunities," said Jake Dollarhide, chief executive officer of Longbow Asset Management in Tulsa, Oklahoma. However, some investors warn that uncertainty around Trump's policies and the uncertainty of whether they are approved by Congress pose major risks to current stock prices. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 39.65 points or 0.20 percent to end at 19,883.06. The S&P 500 ended up 0.20 percent at 2,262.53 after trading as high as 2,167.47. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.37 percent to end at 5,457.44. Microsoft rose 2.12 percent, Amazon.com gained 1.09 percent, Intel climbed 1.60 percent and Apple climbed 0.58 percent. All four provided the biggest boost to the Nasdaq and the S&P 500. United Technologies rose 2.12 percent, helping lift the Dow, after Credit Suisse upgraded the stock to "outperform" and increased its price target. Walt Disney rose 1.34 percent after its "Rogue One: A Star Wars Story" movie scored the second-largest December opening in history. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.66-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.34-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 13 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 157 new highs and 38 new lows. About 6.1 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 7.5 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal in Bengaluru and Rodrigo Campos in New York; Editing by James Dalgleish) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Jack Branning is left devastated on EastEnders after discovering wife Ronnie has drowned... as fans are left in tears by the Mitchell sisters' death  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie takes sweet twins Vivienne and Knox and daughter Shiloh for ice cream during Colorado ski trip... without Brad Susanna Reid, 46, is flooded with compliments as she bravely posts barefaced 'blemishes, lines and flaws' selfie next to filtered make-up snap Are you wheel-y sure you want to do that, Wiggo? Bradley Wiggins signs up for The Jump... days after retiring from professional cycling Hope he's insured Daisy Lowe looks scorching in a pale pink cutaway bikini as she flaunts her Strictly weight loss on Miami beach Looks stunning Daisy Lowe shows off her kooky sense of style on holiday as she pairs a skimpy white bikini with trainers She seemed in particularly high spirits 'I lost half a stone in two weeks eating M&S ready meals!' We challenged two women to try what might be the easiest diet EVER! SPONSORED Bella Thorne flaunts pert derriere in a tiny bikini on holiday in the Bahamas... and even covers herself in body glitter Absolutely stunning 'Losing a child never leaves you': Kym Marsh admits Corrie stillbirth was 'heartbreaking' eight years after losing own baby - as she poses with daughter Polly, five 'He's not bothered': Michelle Keegan insists husband Mark Wright is unfazed by steamy sex scenes... after admitting they 'talk through' her roles Can Mel and Sue keep Ant and Dec from 16th TV Presenter of the Year gong? Departing Bake Off favourites leave on a high as they lead National Television Awards nominations PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie hits the slopes with her kids during Colorado ski trip... as she enjoys NYE getaway in wake of Brad Pitt split  Doutzen Kroes displays model figure in cropped top and tiny shorts while hitting beach in Miami with family Looking ssssexy! TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her eye-popping assets in snakeskin swimsuit as she continues to wow during Dubai break 'The hard grafting has paid off'! MIC's Louise Thompson poses in a nude bikini... before being launched into the air by her burly beau Ryan in the Maldives PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wild thing Daisy Lowe wears her leopard-print bra to the beach as she cosies up to handsome mystery man on the beach in Miami Weed belong together: Mariah Carey spotted heading into a marijuana dispensary on Christmas Eve, just one week before her Times Square meltdown  Trouble in paradise? Nicole Kidman and Keith Urban 'had a red carpet argument' at her Lion premiere in Sydney just days before dancing up a storm on stage on NYE Rich Kids of Instagram's Lana Scolaro loses her bikini top on sunshine break in St Barts... after shooting to fame with THAT Robin Thicke snap EastEnders star Samantha Womack sparks Twitter frenzy as she tweets about enjoying a swim... just hours after her character drowned  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Shirtless former Strictly pro Gleb Savchenko displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with wife Elena on Miami beach 'I'm gonna smash it!' Lauren Goodger slips into lingerie for pre-weight loss selfie before filming derriere during workout... as she vows to regain her 'big butt' in 2017 Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick put on a united front in Aspen as they pose on their private jet They split up in summer 2015 'Need a decorator's number?' Little Mix's Jesy Nelson is inundated with interior advice from fans after they're left shocked by her Instagram snap Wat-son your screen, Dr? Sherlock viewers left scratching their heads by epic blunder... as series return draws in best audience of New Year's Day Full of 1940s intrigue and sex, Halcyon is Downton if the butler had an evil streak! As ITV unveils its wartime blockbuster, our critic CHRISTOPHER STEVENS is gripped Downton Abbey in a hotel - with jazz, Nazis, and a less handsome Night Manager who stuck to his day job... The Halcyon was not a place you'd want to stay, by JIM SHELLEY X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson 'graciously accepts' invitation to sing at  inauguration of Donald Trump... if she can perform track protesting against racism The pathologist's corpses were more lifelike than this twaddle: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Always looks like she's on her way to an awards Fit couple! Mark Wahlberg shows off sculpted body while wife Rhea Durham is red hot in bikini on holiday in Barbados Super buff Still on! Jennifer Lawrence, 26, enjoys romantic New Year's Eve stroll with boyfriend Darren Aronofsky, 47 Looked like a picture-perfect couple Lizzie Cundy, 46, negotiates risqué red swimsuit while throwing herself enthusiastically into beachside ball games during Maldives getaway Star in stripes: Natalie Portman keeps it comfortable in patterned top and hoodie while on morning walk in LA Appeared quite far along as she stepped out Strictly's Janette Manrara flaunts taut physique in skimpy pink bikini as she joins co-star fiancé Alja korjanec and his ex-dance partner Daisy Lowe on Miami beach Burr-illiant! Vlogger Tanya debuts new bob and shows off enviable curves in animal print swimsuit during idyllic holiday in the Maldives Lucky woman 'It was definitely the most traumatic year of my life': Charlotte Crosby reveals she is glad 2016 is over... after ectopic pregnancy and split from Gaz Beadle Calum Best touches down in London ahead of rumoured Celebrity Big Brother stint... where he is set to reunite with former flame Bianca Gascoigne The look of love! Margot Robbie beams as she arrives back in LA with new husband Tom Ackerley... after tying the knot in secret ceremony in Australia Newly-engaged Serena Williams flashes her ring as she steps out with her Reddit co-founder fiance Alexis Ohanian in New Zealand Proposed last week All tied up! TOWIE;s Kate Wright sizzles in plunging bondage inspired khaki bikini as she soaks up the sun in Dubai  On a girls' break  Avert your eyes! Braless Lisa Appleton, 48, leaves NOTHING to the imagination in raunchy lace dress during wild night out in Manchester Nicola McLean, Spencer Pratt and Stevi Ritchie arrive at their hotel as they prepare to make their Celebrity Big Brother return for all star series Izabel Goulart flaunts her supermodel figure in TINY crochet bikini as she frolics on the beach in St Barts  Every inch the Brazilian bombshell  Bonding time! Nicola Peltz rocks a black bikini as she hugs her brother Will on family holiday together In an idyllic Instagram photo Margot Robbie stuns in a leopard print one piece as she cosies up to new husband Tom Ackerley at the beach with friends... after secretly tying the knot Newly-single Katie Waissel hits Miami beach with another male pal in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Keeping her on her toes! Chrissy Teigen shows off legs in LBD as she does impressive plié while carrying baby Luna Impressive skills Pregnant Rochelle Humes flaunts her blossoming baby bump in chic black swimsuit in the Maldives before sharing a bath with daughter Alaia-Mai 'Time to start a new year being happy, healthy and ambitious': Katie Price praises husband Keiran Hayler and kids as she vows to give up alcohol Love's young dream: Elle Fanning enjoys giggly lunch date with boyfriend Dylan Beck The 18-year-old couldn't control her laughter while in a black jumpsuit MIC's Frankie Gaff shares racy belfie as she and Jamie Laing pack on the PDA during break in Dubai... leaving their relationship woes firmly behind them 'Private pool suits me just fine!' Ashley Graham shows off her hourglass curves in racy white swimsuit as she takes a dip in the Seychelles Susan Sarandon's daughter Eva Amurri Martino reveals baby son suffered a cracked skull after a night nurse dropped him Now battling depression New year, new nails! Tobey Maguire's ex Jennifer Meyer makes manicure her priority at start of 2017 She dressed in ripped jeans Billie Lourd breaks her silence with moving tribute to mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds The 24-year-old actress posted a picture Sara Sampaio flaunts her trim figure and pert posterior in pretty print swimsuit as she enjoys a sunbathing session on Mexican holiday Positively heaven sent  Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell suffer ANOTHER grisly fate in alternate ending for EastEnders New Year episode... after fans praise the duo's exit  Stella McCartney covers up in a floaty kaftan as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with husband Alasdhair Willis in St Barts Festive family trip  Fifi Box's ex Grant Kenny 'devastated' after the actress 'spends the night' with her Neighbours co-star and new love Damien Richardson  Reunited! Julianne Hough goes makeup free in an adorable family selfie with fiancé Brooks Laich and their fur babies Lexi and Harley Bianca Gascoigne shows off her ample assets in orange sequin bikini as she hits the water in sunny Mexico ahead of her Celebrity Big Brother debut Rebecca Romijn flaunts rock hard abs at 44 while on holiday with husband Jerry O'Connell and twin daughters Rebecca Romijn had no problems showing it off 'He said I was a lousy lay': A victim of Tony Curtis's vile gossip, in her own words, how screen legend DEBBIE REYNOLDS was abused in Hollywood   Happy New Rear! Danielle Lloyd showcases her toned curves in a red-hot swimsuit as she soaks up some winter sun in Dubai Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson flaunts her legs in red playsuit as fellow EOTB newbie Zara Jackson gets racy in lace on a night out in Manchester She's red hot! Gwen Stefani unveiled as new face of Revlon  Her trademark bright red lipstick was in evidence as she was named brand ambassador Gemma Oaten displays her taut abs in steamy New Year's underwear selfie as she puts dramatic romance with presenter Nick Knowles behind her Two weeks to go! Sasha and Malia return from Hawaii with their parents after their last family vacation aboard Air Force One Saw his grandad's grave Taking a gamble on love? Jennifer Lopez and Drake hit high-roller tables in Vegas together after she supports him at NYE gig At MGM Grand casino Celebrity Big Brother tipped to be the 'sexiest yet' as show bosses make smaller beds to 'encourage intimacy' between housemates Starts this week Down she goes! Josie Gibson winces in pain as she takes a tumble on her skis during practice session for new series of injury-stricken show The Jump Pregnant Ciara posts cute photos of her baby bump as she rings in 2017 with her growing family Expecting her second child  Coffee date! Vanessa Hudgens rocks cropped sweater and extremely tight trousers during outing with boyfriend Austin Butler Both in Studio City  'He really wanted to be in the movie': Robin Williams was turned down for iconic Hagrid role in Harry Potter franchise because he wasn't British Unlikely pals Tallia Storm, 18, and Chris Evans, 50, enjoy beach day as they see in the New Year with their families in Barbados Firm friendship Patrick Schwarzenegger hits pool as he takes girlfriend Abby Champion on family holiday in Mexico with Maria Shriver Dick Clark Productions slams Mariah Carey's accusations of sabotage as 'frankly absurd' after diva's epic lip syncing meltdown she blamed on faulty earpiece  'The loneliness became desperate': Kate Bush describes 'cruel' bullying during her teenage years at Catholic girls' school in newly resurfaced essay Hilary Duff parades her toned pins in skimpy bikini bottoms as she tries her hand at surfing during New Year's break to Hawaii Surf's up New year, old pals! Jonah Hill and Michael Cera enjoy low-key Superbad reunion ten years on  Enjoyed a stroll in SoHo district of Manhattan Bernie Ecclestone, 86, and wife Fabiana Flosi, 38, explore Gstaad as they ring in the New Year with the family in Switzerland Winter wonderland  Frances Bean Cobain's battle to get ex to return her late father Kurt Cobain's priceless guitar is heading for a multi-million dollar court case Just another day in paradise! MIC's Louise Thompson and Ryan Libbey show off toned beach bodies as they enjoy a snorkel trip in the Maldives 'I'm heartbroken': Fans devastated by Sherlock episode as Amanda Abbington takes a bullet after her real-life split from on-screen husband Martin Freeman Conor McGregor looks sharp in suit at sister Aoife's wedding in Ireland... as the UFC superstar continues to enjoy his break from the octagon Nude ambition! Kady McDermott goes underwear-free in slinky salmon dress as she attends Love Island party with leggy Rachel Fenton Billie Piper goes incognito in oversized denim jacket during casual stroll in London... as ex-husband Laurence Fox talks first Christmas alone Newly-single Katie Waissel cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... weeks after splitting from second husband Brian Moote Marriage lasted a year 'Jumping into 2017 like': Karlie Kloss bares flat midriff in bikini as she leaps into the Caribbean In the celebrity haven on St Barths Feeling fruity! Lucy Watson shows off her Barbados tan in a mismatched bikini as she kicks back on inflatable pineapple with shirtless beau James Lauren Goodger parties with jailbird boyfriend's sister for New Year's Eve as she vows to quit booze for a month Getting close to 'in-laws' In the swim! Naomi Watts enjoys the warm waters off Cancun with sons during New Year's family getaway The actress, 48, donned a turquoise swimsuit 'Guess you f****d my missus!' Jeremy McConnell accused of sleeping with a fan's girlfriend... as pregnant ex Stephanie Davis prepares for due date That's what girlfriends are for! Katie Salmon helps new squeeze Dani avoid an embarrassing nip slip as they put on a loved-up display in Manchester Georgia May Jagger rocks wild leopard print lingerie and sparkling bling as she writhes around in bed for LOVE's Video Advent A walk on the wild side  Hilary Duff shows off her toned torso in a bikini as she larks around with son Luca in the Hawaii surf The tot held his famous mother's hand CHRISTOPHER STEVENS: Sherlock's now so clever-clever, it's stupid  The Mail's critic pans the New Year's Day special and awards it one star 'It's not a set thing': Ben Affleck won't direct his Batman standalone if it doesn't come together to his liking The 44-year-old actor is picky about his projects Glowing Holly Willoughby looks sun-kissed as she enjoys romantic beach stroll with shirtless husband Dan Baldwin in Barbados She sings! Gisele Bundchen performs sweet track while strumming the guitar by pool in new video Clearly a woman of many talents  Ex On The Beach's Jemma Lucy flashes her pert derriere in skimpy purple T-shirt... after going totally NAKED in saucy sunbed selfie Making resolutions! Rob Kardashian works up a sweat on a two-hour trek with Blac Chyna... days after health scare left him hospitalised George Michael's lover Fadi Fawaz reveals the singer died alone after he slept in his car and denies posting tweets saying star had tried to kill himself many times  Newly single Bella Thorne enjoys NYE smooch with model pal Kyra Santoro as she rings in 2017 with her girlfriends in the Bahamas Lea Michele lays her naked ambition bare as she poses for racy New Year snap Completely nude except for an animated frond pasted over her derrière Now that's one way to RING in the New Year! Ashley Greene flaunts her engagement bling as she celebrates 2017 in Sydney with new fiancé Paul Khoury Lisa Snowdon, 44, showcases her ample assets as she slips into a plunging blue bikini in saucy throwback snap from Down Under Bikini babe  'Get your happy a**es home!': Kim Zolciak misses daughter Brielle Biermann and beau Michael Kopech as they enjoy getaway in Niagara Falls Shameless actress Tina Malone calls in police after abuse from Twitter trolls body-shaming her for weight loss Shameless star 'upset' 'The best way to start 2017': Jessica Alba soaks up the sun in a bikini as she and her daughters celebrate the New Year on Hawaiian beach Meghan the budding star: Actress poses for series of publicity photos after landing a role in daytime TV show 13 years before she met Prince Harry  'Stand strong and move forward!' Nicole Scherzinger flaunts her phenomenal bikini body as she shares her New Year's resolve from Hawaii 'Men think they are there for pleasure': Alicia Douvall says her bum implants have ruined her sex life... and is undecided about ditching leaking lifts Jeremy Clarkson's VERY racy party girls: Grand Tour star is pictured with a host of society's most eligible women at New Year's Eve party  Lizzie Cundy, 46, shows off her tanned and toned figure in sizzling cut-out monokini as she hits the beach during idyllic Maldives getaway Mariah Carey kisses Bryan Tanaka in preview clip of reality show after he pops out of cake and gives lap dance Preview of her new show Ashley James flaunts her enviably toned abs in series of sizzling skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sun during exotic break in Gambia Iconic duo Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell meet 'sad but beautiful' end on EastEnders as they drown in New Year's Day special Fans praised acting Tired of the beach? Covered up Ashley Olsen, 30, caresses shirtless beau Richard Sachs, 58, during trail hike in St. Barts This is the life 'Boy crazy!' Ellen Pompeo cradles her newborn son Eli as she dances around her kitchen Became a mum for the third time in December Steps girls Claire Richards, Faye Tozer and Lisa Scott Lee amp up the glamour in glittering ensembles as the band reunite for NYE gig at London's G-A-Y 'Happiest New Year!' Bella Hadid shares selfie blowing on party horn as she rings in 2017 with Kendall Jenner and Jordyn Woods 'Sad when bae leaves': Ariel Winter, 18, pouts over absent Levi Meaden,29... after ringing in New Year with a kiss Sulky Snapchat  Would you dare to wear a FIDDLER CAP? Bella Hadid signals that the formerly naff accessory is making an unlikely comeback for 2017  'Counting my blessings': Karlie Kloss winks as she shows off her famous figure in black bikini in St Barts Showing off her model body Rogue One takes $64M over New Year weekend to become the US's second highest grossing film of 2016... as Disney sweeps year-end top three Chip off the old block! Brooklyn Beckham theatrically dives from boat as holiday break in Maldives continues He's got skills! 'Bodies of every size': Lena Dunham bares cleavage in lingerie for New Year's Day photo-shoot Sending a message with racy shot 'Partner in life!' Rachel Zoe and Rodger Berman share NYE kiss as they celebrate 25 years together Midnight smooch They tied the knot! UnREAL cco-stars Johanna Braddy and Freddie Stroma start 2017 as newlyweds They had been dating since meeting in 2015 'Nose problems': Marco Pierre White Jr shares second horrifying nosebleed in days on Snapchat... after hinting they were caused by drug use If you've got it... Chloe Ferry flashes her derriere as she joins the scantily-clad Geordie Shore girls for raucous NYE pool party at Charlotte Crosby's lavish mansion Hard day's twerk! Bella Thorne dances on the back of a truck in the Bahamas Spent a bit of New Year's Day twerking on a stationary truck  'I love my man!' Jessica Simpson shares sultry couple shot with husband Eric Johnson New Year, same handsome beau Bod Jovi! Shirtless Jon Bon Jovi, 54, shows off his impressive physique as he goes for a dip in St Barths It seems he has looked good, always '1st selfie of the new year!' Ciara shares a picture of her growing bump as she supports her man at NFL game Nw baby on the way in 2017 Andrew Garfield cheers on the Los Angeles Lakers courtside as awards season looms for Hacksaw Ridge star Sports fan Victoria's Secret stunner Bridget Malcolm flashes underboob as she poses TOPLESS on a disco ball to celebrate 2017 in sexy Playboy shoot 'I wish everyone this kind of love!' Kelly Clarkson plants a kiss on son Remington for New Year's greeting Gave birth on April 12, 2016 'They're perky!': Cynthia Bailey takes RHOA castmates to her breast exam... and lets them squeeze her implants Could never be accused of being shy  Check out My Lean physique! Busty Myleene Klass flaunts her famed bikini body in TINY two-piece during festive family Sri Lanka trip She looked incredible Trying to impress? Ansel Elgort enjoys a shirtless workout... as girlfriend Violetta Komyshan looks on Enjoyed a productive New Year's Day Party time! Kendall Jenner steps out in black negligee while Hailey Baldwin stuns in white mini dress as the pals celebrate New Year's Eve in Hollywood Revealed: Jennifer Lopez quietly turned up to support her new beau Drake at his NYE show in Las Vegas The 47-year-old showed her support Living it up! Jamie Foxx welcomes the new year with a boy's night in Miami Hit 1 Hotel in the South Beach neighbourhood  'This isn't a baby, it's just food': Newly-slim Scarlett Moffatt says friends asked if she was PREGNANT at her heaviest... as she admits she couldn't bare to look at herself naked Jeremy McConnell kisses mystery blonde in steamy NYE clinch... days before anniversary of CBB romance with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Norman Cook returns home from NYE gig in Italy after a lonely Christmas following split from Zoe Ball... while she celebrates six months of sobriety Louis Tomlinson's ex Briana Jungwirth coos over their giggling son Freddie in old family videos... as she reveals that their baby has taken his first steps Make-up free Chloe Khan shows off natural beauty as well as her famously enhanced assets in racy swimsuit selfie at luxurious London spa Kordell Stewart sends ex Porsha Williams a cease and desist letter after nude video of him is leaked on internet The former NFL star has threatened legal action 'It was like when we first got together': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington admits it was 'weird' revisiting parenting onscreen with now ex Martin Freeman James Corden's wife Julia Carey showcases her incredible physique in chic scalloped swimsuit as they enjoy Barbados sun on festive family jaunt Men only! Geordie Shore's Ricci has BANNED GIRLS from his Instagam account to avoid 'celeb hungry' dates Good luck stalking him! Well, one has to start somewhere! Crown star Claire Foy is seen starring in BBC soap Doctors in her first TV role Got a bit part in 2008 A dip in the (Car)pool! Doting daddy James Corden larks around with son Max on Barbados shore during idyllic New Year getaway A sweet display 'Sun always shines on the righteous': Ring-free Katie Waissel takes thinly-veiled swipe at 'second ex-husband Brian after split' as she turns to CBB co-star Renee Graziano in Miami 'I want my body back!' Vicky Pattison shares titillating swimsuit selfie as she vows to kick 10lbs and cut back on alcohol in the new year Looked smoking hot MTV bad girl Jemma Lucy continues to stun as she goes totally NAKED in sunbed selfie... after simulating sex act in shock Snapchat clip Ex On The Beach star Naomi Campbell, 46, shows off her incredibly ageless physique in barely-there bikini as she rings in 2017 with blissful beach break Still absolutely stunning  'If I'm feeling unsafe, I won't go out': Corrie's Kevin Kennedy reveals the resonating restraints of his alcoholism after 18 years sober 'Do you know what, just pee on the floor':  Rita Ora claims she 'lost thousands on investment into festival urinating device'... as probe into £2.3million fraud swindle rages on Back to cause Big Bother? Divisive Spencer Pratt appears to confirm rumoured CBB return with wife Heidi as he documents boozy arrival in UK 'How we started 2017!' Proud David Beckham shares sweet snap of his family from glamorous beach party in the Maldives... as the stars ring in 2017 'I've felt better': Louis Tomlinson welcomes 2017 with a hungover selfie as he prepares for a new year after his mother's tragic passing Looked worse for wear 'You'd have to be thick to think you'd pose with your dead nan': Geordie Shore fans leap to the defence of grieving Chloe Ferry after she deletes picture with her ailing grandmother  Spice up your NYE! Victoria Beckham joins Mel C on stage to sing their hit tune 2 Become 1 during Maldives celebrations...after snubbing recent band reunion Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly shows off endless legs beneath slashed jumpsuit as they join his Love Island star twin Scott to ring in 2017 'Mariah's meltdown: Diva botches NYE lip-sync performance and STORMS OFF Times Square stage while crying into mic: 'I wanted a holiday too. Can't I just have one?'  Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor pack on the PDA during blissful break in South Africa...as the bikini-clad beauty displays some painful looking sunburn on her pert posterior Oh no, normal people! Robbie Williams is caught on camera applying hand sanitiser after singing Auld Lang Syne - and looking suitably disgusted  She's got that Super Bass! Katie Price channels rapper Nicki Minaj for NYE bash in buxom bodysuit and hot pink bikini...as she toasts to last night drinking for a year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Holly Willoughby flashes her fabulous figure in powder blue kaftan during family beach day with husband Daniel Baldwin in Barbados Oozing star quality! Alexa Chung is the belle of the ball in intricate head piece as she toasts the New Year at NYC masquerade ball Fancy dress This is the life! Lauryn Goodman shows off her curves in racy striped bikini as she soaks up the sunshine in Mykonos Lazy sunbathing session Jake Gyllenhaal maintains his toned physique with a New Year's Eve run while on holiday in St. Barts  He surely deserved a vacation Such a cheeky boy! Usher posts photo of 'bonita' wife Grace's bottom as they welcome the New Year in a hot tub Gerard Depardieu displays his portly frame as he strips off his shirt during a hot and sweaty rehearsal for his stage show in Buenos Aires Seas the day! Lizzie Cundy, 46, flaunts her taut stomach and ample cleavage in plunging bikini as she celebrates the New Year in the Maldives Abbey Clancy displays her peachy posterior and lean limbs in a racy high-waist swimsuit as she poses for sun-soaked photoshoot Hitting the beach 'Bad and boujee!' Larsa Pippen showcases her enviable figure in revealing bikini aboard river cruise  Was the display for the benefit of Scottie? Family meal-a! Mila Kunis stocks up on food with hubby Ashton Kutcher and newborn son Dimitri ahead of NYE Rosie O'Donnell calls Trump 'mentally unstable' on Twitter and warns America that there are 'less than three weeks to stop him' Make-up free Nicole Scherzinger displays her sensational beach body in a sun-soaked Hawaiian selfie Shared a stunning bikini-clad selfie from a beach  Well that's one way to worship the sun! Lady Victoria Hervey looks radiant in a vibrant floral maxi dress as she offers her palms to the sky in Barbados Ashley Graham whips off her bikini to pose topless while enjoying sunshine holiday She marked the first day of 2017 with a topless selfie in The Seychelles  Transgender model Hari Nef sizzles in slinky purple gown as she sings sultry cover of Blue Velvet for Love's video advent Single and ready to mingle! Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson mends broken heart with girls' NYE night out with bodysuit clad pal Chloe Ferry Daring look  Fans outraged as fake Cheryl Twitter account 'confirms' pregnancy...after the singer shares heartfelt New Year's Instagram selfie 'She made disgusting and explicit propositions to my boyfriend': Woman slams Katie Price as she claims her infamous Christmas party flirtations almost caused relationship split  'Hello 2017': Ed Sheeran promises new music in five days' time... as he appears on social media for the first time in 57 weeks Put paid to speculation  The Angels have arrived! Victoria's Secret models Jasmine Tookes, Romee Strijd and Lais Ribeiro sizzle in tiny bikinis while on holiday in Brazil Frankie Essex shows off her toned and tanned figure in racy halter-neck swimsuit and tiny denim shorts as she celebrates two stone weight loss with New Years break Twice as nice! Models Doutzen Kroes and Joan Smalls put on a bikini display as they meet up on Miami Beach Nice view 'The 4 things that I love the most': Madonna spends New Year with son Rocco Ritchie and his siblings as they ring in 2017 together with family ski trip after strained 2016 Kelly Brook flaunts her ample cleavage and toned stomach in a pink printed bikini for sizzling shoot Phenomenal figure 'My life changed forever!' Coco Austin shares snap of the moment she met Ice-T 16 years ago as they celebrate wedding anniversary at New Year's Eve bash Justin Bieber rings in 2017 with medley of hits during poolside performance at historic Fontainebleau Miami Beach He did it in styke '2017 here we go!' Joanna Krupa gets cheeky with a pretty pal as they ring in the New Year in their bikinis Beach babes Fifty Shades Darker teases more steamy sex scenes with new TV ad The 32-second clip features the film's stars in unseen footage. Chloe Khan puts on a VERY busty display as she slips into a sexy bunny costume for eye-popping selfie  Saucy Pregnant Rochelle Humes shows off her blossoming baby bump in a little black dress as she celebrates NYE in the Maldives  Seven months pregnant  Cheeky in Chelsea! Louise Thompson posts racy topless snap before flaunting her enviable abs in a sizzling red bikini from the sun-soaked Maldives Chloe Green suns herself in Miami as her dad Sir Shifty is hoping for time away from BHS pension scandal  Hasn't missed out on topping up her tan Rise and shine! Bikini girl Hilary Duff embraces the new year with surf lesson in Hawaii While many around the world were nursing a hangover A plum start to 2017! Princess Mary rings in the new year dressed in a gold gown and deep purple cape as she joins Prince Frederik for annual banquet She's still got it! Jessica Hart admits she's 'blessed' and 'lucky' to still be modelling swimwear at 30 as she returns to Seafolly after five years Beautiful front and back! Ashley Graham posts rear view topless bikini pic as she enjoys tropical getaway Spending the New Year in The Seychelles SPOILER ALERT: Is Zak Dingle next to be killed in Emmerdale? Lisa Dingle discovers Cain's caravan on fire... with her ex-husband possibly inside 'Her tongue freaks me out!' Jessica Simpson's BFF CaCee Cobb posts silly selfie while celebrating New Year's Eve Sticking it out 'No better way to end 2016': Khloe Kardashian's ex Lamar Odom poses with his kids in first Instagram post since leaving rehab Erica Packer looks glam despite shoulder injury as she enjoys family holiday in St Barts... while her 'ex' Seal hits the ski slopes with Heidi Klum Shirtless Jake Gyllenhaal flaunts hunky physique as he joins bikini-clad pal Greta Caruso in exquisite waters during St. Barths break Blake Lively enjoys low-key New Year's Eve with her Sisterhood Of The Traveling Pants BFF Amber Tamblyn Besties since co-starring in the 2005 movie 'Wonder if I will be cold?' Kate Hudson braves a snowy NYE in Aspen in nothing but lingerie as she parties hard with pal Chelsea Handler Jesy Nelson shows off her ripped abs and ample cleavage as she rings in the New Year with a gal pal... as Jade Thirlwell celebrates with boyfriend Jed Elliott Head over heels! Izabel Goulart does cartwheels on the sand in St Barts Flawless figure and athletic prowess The X Factor's Honey G forgoes her signature hat and glasses as she gives rare glimpse at her face during NYE performance...after her debut single limps into the midweek chart at 149 Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian put on a united front as they celebrate New Year's Eve together... as she puts her engagement ring back on Jacqui Ryland flashes her underwear in a VERY daring sheer lace mini dress as she parties hard with pal on New Years Eve 'Feliz Año!' Shakira embraces her partner and sons for a festive New Year's message to her fans Out wth footballer Gerard Piqué Dish of the day! Neighbours star Olympia Valance looks to be NAKED while posing with a restaurant menu covering her body as she flashes the flesh on holiday in Bali I'm pregnant! Lauren Conrad reveals baby news with sweet sonogram picture on New Year's Day  First child Charlotte Dawson continues to flash giant diamond ring as she rings in 2017 with a passionate from boyfriend Matt Sarsfield... after sparking engagement rumours Adele and partner Simon Konecki are said to be 'planning a UK wedding after secretly becoming engaged in October' Now that's a Happy New Year! Khloe Kardashian kisses Tristan Thompson as they ring in 2017 together Pucker up Take That Gary! Simon Cowell calls in the lawyers over rival Barlow's new BBC 'X Factor imitation' talent show Let It Shine  That's one passionate midnight kiss! Miley Cyrus shares her New Year's cinch with fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and her mum Tish Blac Chyna shows off post-baby curves in a plunging dress as she heads out to celebrate New Year's Eve Got a lot on her plate Beach babe! Heather Graham, 46, flashes her long legs and toned midriff on trip to Miami with her boyfriend Endless legs 'All is as it should be!' Katy Perry dons surgical mask to see in the New Year with lover Orlando Bloom on Tokyo sidewalk Worried about germs? The No 1 lady detective's New Year resolutions: A truly delightful misadventure starring Precious, Botswana's top sleuth  Jasmine Lennard axed from CBB All Stars series 'for making anti-Muslim comments'... after being replaced by Jasmin Waltz before the show's debut Celebrate good times, c'mon! Amy Adams stocks up on alcohol ahead of New Year's Eve celebration  Party preparations She's smitten! Britney Spears shares cuddly snap after celebrating New Year with new love Sam Asghari The couple seem inseparable 'ISIS claims responsibility for Mariah Carey's performance': Social media mercilessly trashes diva for her epic New Year's Eve meltdown on Times Square stage Bradley Cooper heads out for healthy jog in LA while 'pregnant' girlfriend Irina Shayk spends New Year in her native Russia Settle down, ladies! Now Sheila Hancock, 83, shuns make-up: Actress reveals she didn't wear any during her latest film  She defied producers to be more 'real' on screen '2016 is almost over!' John Legend shares cute snap with Chrissy Teigen on his back as the couple spend New Year's Eve in St. Barts Photogenic couple Thatkiss Neverbeen! Jennifer Lawrence reveals she has never had a New Year's Eve kiss How can that be? 'Hey': Teen Kylie Jenner shows off her curves in green bra and panties as she takes last mirror selfie of 2016 The KUWTK star posed in her bathroom mirror Nicki Minaj shows off her ample assets in plunging silver jumpsuit as she rings in 2017 with Miami gig... after replacing Jennifer Lopez at the last minute 'One of the most eventful and exciting years of my life': Ivanka Trump pays tribute to 2016 as she celebrates New Year's Eve and Hanukkah with her husband and children  'Toddler headbutt!': Jason Biggs starts the New Year with a black eye from two-year-old son Sid He enjoyed his first day of 2017 with a shiner 'I've got so much sh*t on this girl!': Maria Fowler hits back at Danielle Lloyd in candid Snapchat video after the model retweeted a controversial message  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Olympian Sir Matthew Pinsent's wife is drafted in to boost Kate, William and Harry's charity Paid to instil a work ethic A rumble in the jungle, baby joy and THAT Beau Ryan 'affair': A look at how far Barry Hall and Lauren Brant have come as they prepare for 2017 'Girl power!' Naomi Watts rings in the new year as a single woman... with a bikini trip to Mexico   She's starting the new year as a single woman SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Maria Connor can barely look at lover Aidan as the jailbird comes face to face with him for the first time since he left her to fight alone in court 'Peace out 2016!' Jessica Alba ends the year exploring Hawaiian rainforests with her loved ones Katie Piper channels the eighties in wild leopard print costume as she attends New Year's Eve fancy dress party with husband Richard Sutton 'Golden New Year with the family!' Chris Hemsworth rings in 2017 with his wife Elsa Pataky, his brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Happy New Year from Hawaii... via Somerset: Peter Andre ushers in 2017 with wife Emily MacDonagh and his children at tropical themed party Bottoms up! Lady Victoria Hervey displays her enviably slender frame and peachy derriere in skimpy blue bikini as she tries her hand at paddle boarding in Barbados 'Cutest thing ever!' Nicole Kidman's surprise 'happy' dance at Keith Urban's NYE show in Nashville thrills fans... but leaves some asking if she's had a bit too much to drink Fergie and Hailee Steinfield flash the flesh in skin flaunting ensembles as they ring in 2017 in style on Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve 'Thankful': Sofia Vergara looks incredible in strapless dress while vacationing in Bora Bora for husband Joe Manganiello's birthday 'Oh Jesus, this is the best fireworks show ever!' Scott Eastwood gets VERY excited during New Year's Eve celebrations in Sydney Harbour 'So glad 2017 is finally here': Iggy Azalea hoping for 'better vibe' in the New Year after 2016 saw ex-fiancé Nick Young cheat on her, X Factor flop, and Guy Sebastian brand her a 'weirdo' Having an auld lang fine time! Gwen Stefani locks lips with Blake Shelton as they enjoy family New Year's Eve Smooch We can be heroes! Nicole Kidman dances on stage beside hubby Keith Urban as he performs amazing New Year's tribute to 2016's fallen greats  Shanina Shaik sports a racy green dress as she supports DJ Ruckus at a New Year's Eve gig in Miami No stranger to sporting racy ensembles 'Let's do this!' Mariah Carey is carried to the stage by her beau Bryan Tanaka as she preps for New Year's Eve show in Times Square It must be true love! Kylie Jenner gets a lower-case T for Tyga tattoo'd on her ankle... her SIXTH inking so far New Years goals! Doutzen Kroes showcases killer bikini body as she cosies up to husband Sunnery James on beach in Cancun What a Dream day! Blac Chyna begins new year with Rob Kardashian and daughter after dramatic split 'You will survive': MAFS' Zoe Hendrix and Alex Garner reflect on an eventful 2016 which saw them welcome first child after heartbreaking miscarriage 'What a year it's been!': Kris Jenner kicks off New Year's Eve Instagram messages by sharing collage and acknowledging 2016 was rocky William Christopher, best known for his portrayal of Father Mulcahy on the hit 70s TV show M*A*S*H, dies of cancer at age 84 GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Pippa's family are trying to save the pennies as her wedding is set to cost a fortune  The family's online store has launched a sale. GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Star Wars Carrie and her TV hunt for Prince Harry She once led chat show host Graham Norton on a quest to find the Prince GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Heartache as sad Alice starts 2017... with divorce Alice Eve has formally separated from her husband GIRL ABOUT NEW YEAR: Lovelorn Cara's LA dash to rekindle her romance Absence has made the heart grow fonder for supermodel  SPOILER ALERT: EastEnders' Ronnie Mitchell looks grim-faced at wedding to Jack Branning... before making dramatic exit from the show with troubled sister Roxy New Year's Eve party can really begin now - Usain Bolt's arrived! Sprinter flies into UK to celebrate his beloved Manchester United's victory by partying with goalscorer Paul Pogba 'I miss LA': Chloe Lattanzi admits she's homesick after moving from California to Oregon with her fiancé to start a marijuana farm business  'My dude is HOT': Miley Cyrus admires her fiancé Liam Hemsworth as they attend a New Year's Eve party with his brother Chris and wife Elsa Pataky Ending the year on a bang! Reality star Courtney Stodden poses in white lace lingerie as she says 'bye 2016' The Price Is Right! Radio personality Steve Price 'will join Lisa Curry in the South African jungle for I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here!' Victoria's Secret model Megan Williams displays her sensational beach body in a black bikini as she frolics in the ocean in St Barts with her boyfriend  Nicki Minaj displays ample cleavage in sexy Instagram post in wake of deadly shooting outside concert of on-again, off-again beau Meek Mill Emma Forbes, 51, shows off stunning figure in chic scalloped swimsuit as she heads to the beach in Barbados with husband Graham Clempson Denim darling! Jenna Dewan shows off her fit form in a black bodysuit with jeans and leopard print booties while out in LA Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung upgrades Notebook 9 laptops with Kaby Lake chips Samsung's Notebook 9 laptops are faster, but the battery life of just seven hours disappoints Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 20 December, 2016 07:52 - - - - print email Comments Samsung has upgraded laptops in its Notebook 9 series with Intel's latest Kaby Lake chips, jumping ahead of rivals expected to announce new PCs at CES. The Notebook 9 laptops, which have 13.3- and 15-inch screens, are lightweight laptops with full HD displays. Samsung didn't share specifics of chips in the laptops, which will be unveiled by Intel at January's CES. Nonetheless, there are some things you can expect. The new laptops will be faster than older models and also have better graphics. PC makers are measuring a performance improvement of about 5 percent to 15 percent improvement in Kaby Lake performance compared to the predecessor Skylake. Integrated graphics will be able to handle video beyond 1080p resolution. The battery life provided by Notebook 9 models is about 7 hours, which isn't as high as others in its class. The laptops have up to 256GB of storage, 720p webcams and 802.11ac wireless. The 13.3-inch model can have up to 16GB of memory, while the 15-inch model has 8GB of memory soldered on the board. The 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs 816 grams, while the 15-inch model weighs 984 grams. That's even lighter than the Dell XPS 13, which weighs about 1.2 kilograms. The port options include two USB 3.0, one USB-C, HDMI and MicroSD. The 15-inch model also has one USB 2.0 port. The laptop pricing wasn't immediately available. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about DellIntelLakeSamsung Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Ransomware Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Account Delivery Lead NSW Change Coordinator ACT Change Manager l Port Macquarie NSW NSW Senior Projects Engineer | Systems Integration and IT Managed Services NSW Senior Application Specialist (Cerner) Other Senior C++ Software Engineer QLD Senior Business Analyst VIC Service Manager ACT Wordpress Developer VIC Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Vodafone Australia set to build inaugural cyber defence and response centre HPE embarks on internal investigation after ATO outage ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party ​‘Worst unplanned system outage in recent memory’: Commissioner of taxation Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile It's 2017 and changing other people's flight bookings is incredibly easy What to do if your data is taken hostage Critical flaw in PHPMailer library puts millions of websites at risk Computerworld After a big 2016, next year may be A.I. tipping point Mozilla to scrap Firefox support on Windows XP and Vista in 2017 Corporate boards aren't prepared for cyberattacks Tips for new tech devices Software is eating the food world ARN ​Data and analytics - Two sides of the same coin? ​Big business supports Aussie tech but fails to give start-ups a fair go IT services chief faces court over union fraud allegations ​Overseas investor acquires Hemisphere Technologies What the govt’s IT outsourcing trend means for Aussie partners Techworld Donald Trump offers cybersecurity warning: 'No computer is safe' Hands on: Dell twists the XPS 13 into a 2-in-1 How to hang on to Windows 7 for the long run The US has sanctioned Russia over election hacking New year's resolution for IoT vendors: Start treating LANs as hostile CMO Our most-read CMO profiles of 2016 CMO’s top 16 marketing stories of 2016 How an Australian tech company won licensing rights around Star Wars CMO's top 10 martech stories for the week - 21 December CMO interview: Taking test and learn marketing to the extreme at Expedia Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > SSD and HDD storage M.2 (nvme) on Z170 User Name Remember Me? Password SSD and HDD storage This section covers storage units like SSDs, M.2., HDDs, RAID chatter and everything related   Thread Tools Display Modes M.2 (nvme) on Z170   (#1) fleggy Member Guru   Videocard: Titan X Processor: i7 6700K Mainboard: Asus MAXIMUS VIII Ranger Memory: 32 GB Soundcard: SoundBlaster Zx PSU: Corsair HX850 M.2 (nvme) on Z170 - 12-19-2016, 13:14 | posts: 76 Hello, I'd like to buy a M.2 (nvme) SSD but I am not sure if it will work at full speed (or at all) because: - I already have 5 SATA devices on internal SATA 6G ports (intel ports only) - one PCIe 1x slot is populated by a sound card Do enough chipset PCIe lanes remain for nvme? I can't find any clear information about this topic. Chipset Z170, board Asus MAXIMUS VIII Ranger. Thanks     fleggy View Public Profile Find all posts by fleggy     (#2) Mufflore Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980ti @1470 Processor: 6700K @4.6GHz Mainboard: Maximus VIII Hero Memory: 16GB LPX 3000 @3600 Soundcard: Minimax plus, Oppo 105D PSU: Corsair AX750 12-19-2016, 15:05 | posts: 9,871 | Location: UK It will disable 2 SATA ports because 1 NVME drive uses enough PCIE-E lanes. There is little point in NVME for a gaming machine. The performance difference compared to SATA III in real use is negligible. Check this review, among many https://techreport.com/review/30813/...ssd-reviewed/5 The performance difference between first and last place is so low that its not worth chasing. Get the cheapest reliable drive with consistent performance over time.     Mufflore View Public Profile Find all posts by Mufflore   (#3) fleggy Member Guru   Videocard: Titan X Processor: i7 6700K Mainboard: Asus MAXIMUS VIII Ranger Memory: 32 GB Soundcard: SoundBlaster Zx PSU: Corsair HX850 12-19-2016, 16:42 | posts: 76 Thank you. I read in the manual that SATA 0-1 will be disabled only if M.2 SSD is in SATA mode. The chipset has 20 PCIe lanes. I found this information about the chipset lanes allocation: - Secondary x16 slot (x4) - Two x1 slots (x2) - M.2 slot (x4) - Gigabit LAN (x1) - PCI bridge (x1) but it says nothing about SATA. Do SATA ports use PCIe lanes? I am still not sure what combinations of SATA+M.2+PCIe population are allowed/disallowed...     fleggy View Public Profile Find all posts by fleggy   (#4) wheeljack12 Master Guru     Videocard: zotac gtx 1060 6gb mini Processor: intel i7-6700k Mainboard: gb z170 gaming k3 rev 1.0 Memory: 16gb ddr4 3200mhz Soundcard: creative sbzx,Z506 5.1 PSU: Antec 80pp 750 watt 12-24-2016, 09:42 | posts: 281 | Location: Hamilton,Ontario,Canada your manual ( i know mine does) usually has a graph showing when a m.2 is installed which ports are disabled.     wheeljack12 View Public Profile Find all posts by wheeljack12     (#5) fleggy Member Guru   Videocard: Titan X Processor: i7 6700K Mainboard: Asus MAXIMUS VIII Ranger Memory: 32 GB Soundcard: SoundBlaster Zx PSU: Corsair HX850 12-26-2016, 08:08 | posts: 76 My manual does not contain any information about PCIe lanes allocation/distribution. On the other hand it shows how PCIE_slots are shared (not possible to use them all at once) so I am beginning to think that M.2 (nvme) cannot make more limitation because then PCIE slots would be unusable at all. EDIT: I know that SATA1-2 will be disabled if M.2 is in SATA mode. But I have no exact information about nvme mode. Last edited by fleggy; 12-26-2016 at 08:11.     fleggy View Public Profile Find all posts by fleggy « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     ATI Tray Tools         ATI Tray Tools Generic Discussion             ATI Tray Tools Public Beta Section     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 19, 2016December 19, 2016 by Monika Donimirska Visual Computing Market – New Tech Developments and advancements to watch out for 2024 Computers are being increasingly used to process digital images, video and visual reproduction. Visual computing means the ability to transform information into images and to gain information from images. The visual data can be block diagrams, simple icons 3-D scenes, photo, and video. These are used to describe either computer environment or application with huge or numerical data files like video sequences, 3-D scenes and images. Visual computing finds application in graphics, visualization, animation technology, video processing and image, multimedia communication and interaction among others. Cyber world, visual computing is helping to transform the data to visual to facilitate better and effective more easy processes to gain from the data it contains .increasing demand for simulation products and virtual reality is expected to create a large market potential for visual computing market. Moreover, increasing focus on gaming graphics card to increase the accuracy level of games is also predicted to accelerate the demand of gaming industries. This in turn is acting as a driving factor in the growth of visual computing market in the coming years. The visual computing market is expected to grow at a steady rate during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. PDF Sample For Technological breakthroughs is @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag… In order to provide detailed analysis of the market, the visual computing market is segmented on the basis of component, display, end use industry, and geography. On the basis of component, market is bifurcated into hardware and software. On the basis of display, market is further fragmented into monitors, whiteboards and others. Increasing demand of white boards as a result of increasing engagement in collaborative production, boost communication and greater range of data share and connectivity and mobile connectivity is acting as a driving factor in the growth of visual computing market. On the basis of end use industry, market can be classified into gaming, entertainment and media management information systems .On the other hand, information regarding current market synopsis and future trend in respect of all the above mentioned segments across various regions including Europe, North America, Asia Pacifica, Middle-East and Africa (MEA) and Latin America is also provided in this report. One of the important factors restraining the visual market is high establishment and manufacturing cost followed by sensitivity to lighting conditions. Geographically, the visual computing market is majorly driven by North America. In 2015, North America held the largest market share in terms of revenue. High internet penetration and cloud based services is mainly driving the North America visual computing market. In addition, increasing focus on research and development activities by key players operating in visual computing market is also acting as a driving factor in the growth of this market. In terms of revenue, the visual computing market of North America is followed by Europe. Asia Pacific is predicted to witness the most promising market in the coming years, owing to increasing internet penetration followed by growing demand for high definition gaming consoles. NVidia Corp. (U.S), one of the leading player in this market is heavily invested in visual computing and virtual reality. The market of visual computing is consolidated in nature with few companies holding majority of the market share. In 2015, NVidia corp. (USA) and Intel Corp (USA) held more than 50 percent market share of visual computing markets. Growing need for datacenter infrastructure, and HUD for automotive sector followed by increasing investment in virtual reality, visual computing for autonomous vehicles serves as opportunity for visual computing market. The key companies operating in the visual computing market are Intel Co (U.S.), AMD Inc. (U.S.), ARM Holding Plc. (U.K), Imagination Technologies Group Plc. (U.K.),Marvell Technology Group Limited (Bermuda) , Bio digital Inc.(U.S.), Cubix Corporation(U.S.), Softkinetic.(Belgium) and NVidia Corp.(U.S) among others. The report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the market. It does so via in-depth qualitative insights, historical data, and verifiable projections about market size. The projections featured in the report have been derived using proven research methodologies and assumptions. By doing so, the research report serves as a repository of analysis and information for every facet of the market, including but not limited to: Regional markets, technology, types, and applications. Market Insight can be Viewed @ www.transparencymarketresearch.com/visual-computing-marke… Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. Transparency Market Research 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: www.transparencymarketresearch.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Multiple Ion Beam Microscopes Market – New Tech Developments and Advancements to Watch Out for 2024 Next PostNext Digital Photography Market – Global Industry Size, Share, Analysis Forecasts 2018 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Two chaotically tumbling Pluto moons January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Neowin Login Sign up News Features Forums Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Samsung says its new 13.3-inch Windows 10 laptop is "the lightest notebook on the market" By Andy Weir Senior News Editor Neowin LLC @gcaweir · Dec 19, 2016 with 16 comments Samsung may well be looking to sell off its PC business to Lenovo, but in the meantime, it's continuing to launch new devices. Today, the company announced a refresh of its Notebook 9 range, featuring Intel's new 7th-generation ('Kaby Lake') processors. Like its predecessor, the new Notebook 9 comes in two sizes: a 15-inch model; and a 13.3-inch variant, which Samsung claims is "the lightest notebook on the market", weighing in at 1.8 pounds (around 814 grams). Both versions offer Full HD (1920x1080px) screens with HDR support, and "an ultra-slim bezel and near edge-to-edge display". Both models include a USB Type-C port, as well as supporting 'Adaptive Fast Charge', which the company says will allow users to fully charge either model in 80 minutes. Samsung says that you can expect around 7 hours of usage from a single charge. Along with a backlit keyboard, you'll also get an integrated fingerprint sensor with Windows Hello biometric authentication support, but there's no support for the facial recognition offered on some other high-end Windows 10 notebooks. You can view the full list of specs for both Notebook 9 models in the table below: Features 15-inch 13.3-inch Operating system Windows 10 Home Windows 10 Home Processor 7th-gen Intel Core i7 7th-gen Intel Core i5/i7 Display 15.0″, 350nit, FHD (1920x1080), 178°, LR, sRGB 95% Delta E<2.5, Outdoor mode (500 nits), Video HDR 13.3”, 350nit, FHD (1920x1080), 178°, LR, sRGB 95% Delta E<2.5, Outdoor mode (500 nits), Video HDR Graphics Shared Shared Storage PCIe NVMe, up to 256GB SSD SATA3 SSD, up to 256GB SSD Memory DDR4 dual channel, up to 8GB (on board) DDR4 dual channel, up to 8GB for i3, up to 16GB for i7 (on board) Wireless 802.11 ac 2X2 802.11 ac 2X2 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.1 Bluetooth 4.1 Sound 1.5W x 2 speakers 1.5W x 2 speakers Camera 720p 720p Microphone Internal Dual Array Digital Mic Internal Dual Array Digital Mic Keyboard 1.5mm stroke, backlit, curved keycap, fingerprint sensor 1.5mm stroke, backlit, curved keycap, fingerprint sensor Ports 2 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB 2.0, 1 x USB-C, HDMI, microSD, HP/Mic 2 x USB 3.0, 1 x USB-C, HDMI, MicroSD, HP/Mic AC adapter 45W small adaptor 45W small adaptor Dimensions 347.9 x 229.4 x 14.9mm 309.4 x 208 x 13.9mm Weight 2.17lbs (around 984g) 1.8lbs (around 816g) Battery 30Wh, Fast Charging, External Battery Charging 30Wh, Fast Charging, External Battery Charging Color Light Titan Light Titan Software Wi-Fi Transfer, Simple Sharing, PC Message, PC Gallery, SideSync Wi-Fi Transfer, Simple Sharing, PC Message, PC Gallery, SideSync Samsung hasn't yet announced pricing for the new Notebook 9 models, nor has it said when or where they'll be available to buy - but we should find out more about that at CES next month. Source: Samsung Tags Samsung Notebook 9 Windows 10 Microsoft Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Get the "Boost Your Productivity" eBook (a $7 value) - for free Next Story First themes for Windows 10 appear in the Store for Insiders Community Activity Refresh Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues NetWorx 5.5.4 in Front Page News Rainmeter 4.0.0.2746 in Front Page News Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials in Front Page News Internet Explorer suffers 55% YoY decline in market share, Google Chrome increases slightly in Front Page News Xbox One S available from $279 today, and two new 'Games with Gold' titles in Front Page News Details of Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 leaked ahead of CES launch in Front Page News Dog mauls husband and wife after they tried to dress 'Scarface' in a sweater in Real World News Related Stories 7 Days: A week of Microsoft updates, more Yahoo hoohah, and Apple Watch wah-wah-waaahhh Dec 17, 2016 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Netflix offline, and Nokia Android anticipation Dec 3, 2016 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Microsoft's bright future, Android flagships and Apple's book of self-love Nov 19, 2016 · Hot! 7 Days: A week of Windows phones, Microsoft teamwork, and virtual delights Nov 5, 2016 deals PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $69.00 88% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Wireless Charging Pad for Qi-Enabled Devices $68.00 $18.99 72% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Show Comments 16 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global IoT Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Software Supply Chain Technology Watch Manufacturing Minute Search Social Facebook Twitter Companies Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM ID IMPO PP Advertisement Advertisement Yahoo's Big Breach Helps Usher In An Age Of Hacker Anxiety 2 weeks 3 days ago Comments by Michael Liedtke, AP Technology Writer SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Yahoo has become the worst-case example of an unnerving but increasingly common phenomenon — massive hacks that steal secrets and other potentially revealing information from our personal digital accounts, or from big organizations that hold sensitive data on our behalf. On Wednesday, Yahoo disclosed a gargantuan breach affecting more than a billion user accounts, the largest such attack in history. The company said that attack happened in August 2013, although Yahoo only discovered it recently. Worse, the company's announcement followed a similar announcement last September of a 2014 hack — one Yahoo ascribed to an unnamed foreign government — that affected 500 million accounts. Neither Yahoo breach has yet been linked to online fraud or any specific repercussions for Yahoo users. But their disclosure closely follows U.S. intelligence concerns about Russian hacking of Democratic emails during the presidential campaign — not to mention other recent attacks on a major health insurer, a medical lab-test company and the government office that manages millions of federal employees. "The lesson is clear: no organization is immune to compromise," said Jeff Hill, director of product management for cybersecurity consultant Prevalent. And since most of us are dependent on big organizations that hold our digital lives in their hands, in a broad sense that effectively means no one is safe. GOVERNMENT ATTACKERS Of course, it's not that simple. The most sophisticated break-ins are likely the work of digital burglars working for foreign governments that are mostly interested in manipulating their enemies, not emptying your bank account. In the past few years, hackers tied to foreign governments are believed to have stolen emails to embarrass celebrities and Hollywood moguls (recall the Sony Pictures break-in during 2014) and possibly even to influence the 2016 presidential election. "Espionage has gone digital like so many other things our world," said Steve Grobman, chief technology officer at Intel Security. "We're increasingly seeing data being used as a weapon, where leaked or fabricated information is being used to intentionally damage individuals and governments." Yahoo's security breakdowns could turn into expensive deal breakers for the Sunnyvale, California, company. Both lapses occurred during the reign of Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer, a once-lauded leader who found herself unable to turn around the company in the four years since her arrival. Earlier this year, Yahoo agreed to sell its digital operations to Verizon Communications for $4.8 billion — a deal that may now be imperiled by the hacking revelations. TWO HACKS, MORE THAN A BILLION ACCOUNTS Yahoo didn't say if it believes the same hacker might have pulled off two separate attacks. The Sunnyvale, California, company blamed the late 2014 attack on a hacker affiliated with an unidentified foreign government, but said it hasn't been able to identify the source behind the 2013 intrusion. Yahoo has more than a billion monthly active users, although some have multiple accounts and others have none at all. An unknown number of accounts were affected by both hacks. In both attacks, the stolen information included names, email addresses, phone numbers, birthdates and security questions and answers. The company says it believes bank-account information and payment-card data were not affected. But hackers also apparently stole passwords in both attacks. Technically, those passwords should be secure; Yahoo said they were scrambled by a cryptographic technique called hashing. But hackers have become adept at cracking secured passwords by assembling huge dictionaries of similarly scrambled phrases and matching them against stolen password databases. That could mean trouble for any users who reused their Yahoo password for other online accounts. Yahoo is requiring users to change their passwords and invalidating security questions so they can't be used to hack into accounts. (You may get a reprieve if you've changed your password since September.) Security experts said the 2013 attack was likely the work of a foreign government fishing for information about specific people. One big tell: It doesn't appear that much personal data from Yahoo accounts has been posted for sale online, meaning the hack probably wasn't the work of ordinary criminals. That means most Yahoo users probably don't have anything to worry about, said J.J. Thompson, CEO of Rook Security. QUESTIONS FOR VERIZON News of the additional hack further jeopardizes Yahoo's plans to fall into Verizon's arms. If the hacks cause a user backlash against Yahoo, the company's services wouldn't be as valuable to Verizon, raising the possibility that the sale price might be re-negotiated or the deal may be called off. The telecom giant wants Yahoo and its many users to help it build a digital ad business. After the news of the first hack broke, Verizon said it would re-evaluate its Yahoo deal and in a Wednesday statement said it will review the "new development before reaching any final conclusions." Spokesman Bob Varettoni declined to answer further questions. At the very least, the security lapses "definitely will help Verizon in its negotiations to lower the price," Gartner analyst Avivah Litan predicted. Yahoo has argued that news of the 2014 hack didn't negatively affect traffic to its services, strengthening its contention that the Verizon deal should be completed under the original terms. "We are confident in Yahoo's value and we continue to work toward integration with Verizon," the company said. Investors appeared worried about the Verizon deal. Yahoo's shares fell 96 cents, or 2 percent, to $39.95 after the disclosure of the latest hack. ___ AP technology writer Bree Fowler contributed to this article from New York. Software Related Reads Yahoo Suffers World's Biggest Hack Affecting 1 Billion Users Yahoo Hack Steals Personal Info From At Least 500M Accounts Verizon Report Shows 'Sizable Gaps' In Cybersecurity Measures 5 Tips To Catch A Hacker Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Manufacturing Business Technology Facebook Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Contributor Guidelines Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global Iot Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Software Supply Chain Technology © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing 2016: Year in Review Dakota Pipeline Protests TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Inspiring America Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News Dec 19 2016, 10:57 am ET The 'Real' Presidential Vote: Electoral College Voting Underway by Pete Williams Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Breaking down the electoral college vote 3:33 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/836636227506" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> In a typical election year, the mid-December meeting of the electoral college interests only political junkies and civics teachers. Not this time. Hillary Clinton's victory in the popular — but not the electoral — vote and uncertainty about Donald Trump have generated unusual interest in an event that is usually a political footnote. Under the Constitution and federal law, the real presidential election takes place this year on Dec. 19, when presidential electors meet in the 50 state capitols and Washington, DC. As the electors vote, many say they have been besieged by phone calls and e-mails. One already elector resigned. Another said he won't vote as his state did. And electors in three states went to court seeking authority to vote as they please. Related: Drama-Filled Electoral College Vote a Fitting Ending to 2016 Election Meanwhile, a petition targeting "conscientious electors" has nearly 5 million signatures. Martin Sheen, who played a president on The West Wing, and a cadre of other actors have a YouTube appeal to electors asking them give them to Hillary Clinton or anyone else other than Donald Trump. Filmmaker Michael Moore published an impassioned plea to the Electoral College's GOP members "to vote your conscience" and has vowed to pay the fines of electors who are penalized by their states for not keeping the pledge to vote for Trump. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed Lessig: Electors May Have 'Moral Reason' Not to Pick Trump 6:32 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/832219203513" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Related: Clinton Campaign Wants Intel Briefings for Electoral College Members The electors are hardly household names. As Arizonans went to the polls Nov. 8, 49 percent of them may have thought they were voting for Donald Trump and Mike Pence, but they actually elected Bruce Ash, Walter Begay, and 10 other people. Play Facebook Twitter Google Plus Embed GOP elector: Why I won't vote Trump 8:50 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/826630211504" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The votes cast by Ash and 537 others chosen as presidential electors will be counted Jan. 6, 2017, during a joint session of Congress, and only then will the winner be officially declared. It takes 270 votes to win because the 12th Amendment requires a candidate to get a majority. As the president of the Senate, Vice President Joe Biden will preside over the joint session and announce the results. It sometimes happens that a vice president ends up announcing his own defeat. It happened to Richard Nixon in 1960, reading the votes for John F. Kennedy, and most recently to Al Gore in 2000, declaring the votes for George W. Bush. This year, members of a group calling itself The Electors Trust, including Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig, say they've been contacted by dozens of electors seeking legal advice. Many are asking, must they vote as their states did? Related: Why We Have the Electoral College A total of 29 states have laws that bind the electors, requiring them to cast their votes for whichever candidate won that state's popular vote. But the laws are weak, providing only nominal penalties. The Supreme Court ruled in 1952 that states do not violate the Constitution when they require electors to pledge that they will abide by the popular vote. But the justices have never said whether it is constitutional to enforce those pledges. Courts in Colorado and Washington state have rejected pleas from electors to be released from requirements to vote as their states did, although the electors in Colorado appealed the lower court ruling, according to The Associated Press. The state Supreme Court will have until Monday at noon, when electors cast their ballots, to decide. In California, a federal judge held a hearing on Friday morning on a similar request from an elector, Vinzenz Koller, who said he cannot vote for Hillary Clinton. Elsewhere, Christopher Suprun, a Texas paramedic, said he will not vote for the candidate who won his state's election. "Donald Trump lacks the foreign policy experience and demeanor needed to be commander in chief," he wrote in a New York Times op-ed. Another Republican elector from Texas, Art Sisneros, resigned in late November. A vote for Trump "would bring dishonor to God," he said. Eighteen actors and other artists, including Martin Sheen and Debra Messing, urged Republican electors in a video that went viral to "go down in the books as an American hero" and vote for anyone other than Trump. In a letter to James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, 68 presidential electors from 17 states asked for a briefing on why the U.S. believes Russia was behind cyberattacks intended to influence the election. However the intelligence community said it will not discuss the Russian hacks until a review ordered by President Obama is completed in January. On Friday, the Office of the Director of National Intelligence said they won't brief Electors or Congress until the review is done. Related: U.S. Officials: Putin Personally Involved in U.S. Election Hack While the electors are generating an usual amount of attention, it is unlikely to have much effect. Republican officials say party lawyers have been in contact with the 306 Republican electors and believe only a few may vote for someone other than Donald Trump. A survey by the AP reached a similar result. After interviewing 330 of the 538 electors, the AP found "widespread Democratic aggravation with the electoral process but little expectation that the hustle of anti-Trump maneuvering can derail him." Asked during a Friday news conference about the fairness of the electoral college, President Obama stopped short of saying it should be phased out but called the system "a vestige, or a carryover, from an earlier vision of how our federal government was going to work." "There are some structures in our political system as envisioned by the Founders that sometimes are going to disadvantage Democrats," he said. Pete Williams Twitter Topics U.S. news First Published Dec 15 2016, 4:04 pm ET Next Story Dikembe Mutombo Proves Changing the World Isn't 'Crazy' After All advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise A few near-term tailwinds might lift InvenSense, but do the risks outweigh the rewards? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Dec 18, 2016 at 7:04PM InvenSense (NYSE:INVN), the chipmaker best known for supplying motion sensors for Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhones and other devices, has had a wild year. The stock had fallen about 30% for the year at the beginning of December due to its slowing sales growth and competition from bigger rivals like STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) and Bosch Sensortech. But then InvenSense abruptly rallied nearly 30% on Dec. 9 after Reuters reported that Japanese electronics maker TDK had offered to acquire it for $12 per share. Following that pop, InvenSense stock is now up 6% for the year, but remains almost 60% below its peak of $26 in 2014. Should investors hold on and expect the stock to rise further, or has the TDK report given long-suffering investors the best chance to cut their losses? Let's take a look at three tailwinds for InvenSense and whether they're actually good reasons to buy the stock. Image source: InvenSense. 1. A potential bidding war InvenSense posted double-digit year-over-year revenue declines over the past two quarters, and analysts expect its sales to fall 30% for the full year. Most of that decline was caused by a global slowdown in smartphone and tablet sales, its overwhelming dependence on Apple's orders (53% of its revenue in the first half of fiscal 2017), and competition from rival sensor makers like STMicro. Its bottom line also dipped into the red over the past three quarters due to rising operating expenses. Faced with those bleak numbers, the best-case scenario for InvenSense would be to sell itself before its market value declines even further. Back in October, Reuters reported that InvenSense was exploring strategic initiatives "including a possible sale," although no potential suitors were named.Then on Dec. 9 came the Reuters report that "people familiar with the matter" were saying TDK was in talks to acquire Invensense. In a previous article, I noted that STMicro, Sony (NYSE: SNE), and Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) could all benefit from buying InvenSense, which has a pretty low enterprise value of $900 million. If any of those companies step up to challenge TDK's rumored bid, a bidding war could give InvenSense's stock price a big boost. Though it isn't smart to invest in a stock based on the possibility of a bidding war. 2. Virtual and augmented reality Sixty-eight percent of InvenSense's revenue came from smartphones and tablets in the first half of the year. Revenues from that segment fell 35% annually during that period. To diversify away from that saturated market, InvenSense is expanding into virtual reality and augmented reality devices. Its motion sensors already power HTC's Vive VR headset, which could encourage other new headset vendors to use its gyroscopes and accelerometers. Piper Jaffray claims that 500 million VR headsets could be sold by 2025 -- indicating that it could become a growing adjacent market for InvenSense. CEO Behrooz Abdi has also claimed that a new generation of AR games like Pokemon Go could broaden its total addressable market for high-performance motion sensors in "mid-tier and low-tier smartphone markets." HTC's Vive. Image source: HTC. Those new growth markets sound promising, but investors should note that InvenSense isn't the only motion sensor maker targeting these markets. Bosch already provides motion sensors in the Oculus Rift, and STMicro's motion sensors are found in plenty of smartphones and tablets. 3. The Internet of Things In my opinion, a better growth opportunity for InvenSense would be the growing Internet of Things (IoT) market, which consists of wearables, home automation devices, connected cars, drones, and other gadgets. Intel estimates that the number of connected devices worldwide could surge from 15 billion in 2015 to 200 billion by 2020. InvenSense has been expanding into the IoT market with motion sensors for drones and connected cars via dash cams, smart mirrors, and collision avoidance systems. Revenue from InvenSense's "IoT and other" unit fell 6% annually and accounted for 23% of its top line during the first half of the year. That growth looks poor, but it's faring much better than its core smartphone and tablets business. Therefore, if InvenSense invests more heavily in its IoT business, the unit could grow again and offset its weaknesses in the mobile market. But do those potential tailwinds make InvenSense stock worth buying? Buyout buzz and expansion into new markets might boost investor interest in InvenSense, but I still don't think the stock is a worthy investment. The stock could quickly collapse if TDK walks away from the rumored talks, Apple splits its motion sensor orders with a rival chipmaker, or STMicro and Bosch leverage their scale to undercut InvenSense's prices. I believe that those risks still make InvenSense a poor investment for long-term investors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 7:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $11.35 up $0.13 (1.16%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $12.79 down $0.02 (-0.16%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? 3 Stocks to Watch in Virtual Reality 3 Signs InvenSense Inc. Needs New Management The 2 Most Wildly Overvalued Stocks in Virtual Reality 3 Beaten-Up Virtual-Reality Stocks: Are They Bargains? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise #stocks $STM, $INVN
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise A few near-term tailwinds might lift InvenSense, but do the risks outweigh the rewards? Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Dec 18, 2016 at 7:04PM InvenSense (NYSE:INVN), the chipmaker best known for supplying motion sensors for Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhones and other devices, has had a wild year. The stock had fallen about 30% for the year at the beginning of December due to its slowing sales growth and competition from bigger rivals like STMicroelectronics (NYSE:STM) and Bosch Sensortech. But then InvenSense abruptly rallied nearly 30% on Dec. 9 after Reuters reported that Japanese electronics maker TDK had offered to acquire it for $12 per share. Following that pop, InvenSense stock is now up 6% for the year, but remains almost 60% below its peak of $26 in 2014. Should investors hold on and expect the stock to rise further, or has the TDK report given long-suffering investors the best chance to cut their losses? Let's take a look at three tailwinds for InvenSense and whether they're actually good reasons to buy the stock. Image source: InvenSense. 1. A potential bidding war InvenSense posted double-digit year-over-year revenue declines over the past two quarters, and analysts expect its sales to fall 30% for the full year. Most of that decline was caused by a global slowdown in smartphone and tablet sales, its overwhelming dependence on Apple's orders (53% of its revenue in the first half of fiscal 2017), and competition from rival sensor makers like STMicro. Its bottom line also dipped into the red over the past three quarters due to rising operating expenses. Faced with those bleak numbers, the best-case scenario for InvenSense would be to sell itself before its market value declines even further. Back in October, Reuters reported that InvenSense was exploring strategic initiatives "including a possible sale," although no potential suitors were named.Then on Dec. 9 came the Reuters report that "people familiar with the matter" were saying TDK was in talks to acquire Invensense. In a previous article, I noted that STMicro, Sony (NYSE: SNE), and Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) could all benefit from buying InvenSense, which has a pretty low enterprise value of $900 million. If any of those companies step up to challenge TDK's rumored bid, a bidding war could give InvenSense's stock price a big boost. Though it isn't smart to invest in a stock based on the possibility of a bidding war. 2. Virtual and augmented reality Sixty-eight percent of InvenSense's revenue came from smartphones and tablets in the first half of the year. Revenues from that segment fell 35% annually during that period. To diversify away from that saturated market, InvenSense is expanding into virtual reality and augmented reality devices. Its motion sensors already power HTC's Vive VR headset, which could encourage other new headset vendors to use its gyroscopes and accelerometers. Piper Jaffray claims that 500 million VR headsets could be sold by 2025 -- indicating that it could become a growing adjacent market for InvenSense. CEO Behrooz Abdi has also claimed that a new generation of AR games like Pokemon Go could broaden its total addressable market for high-performance motion sensors in "mid-tier and low-tier smartphone markets." HTC's Vive. Image source: HTC. Those new growth markets sound promising, but investors should note that InvenSense isn't the only motion sensor maker targeting these markets. Bosch already provides motion sensors in the Oculus Rift, and STMicro's motion sensors are found in plenty of smartphones and tablets. 3. The Internet of Things In my opinion, a better growth opportunity for InvenSense would be the growing Internet of Things (IoT) market, which consists of wearables, home automation devices, connected cars, drones, and other gadgets. Intel estimates that the number of connected devices worldwide could surge from 15 billion in 2015 to 200 billion by 2020. InvenSense has been expanding into the IoT market with motion sensors for drones and connected cars via dash cams, smart mirrors, and collision avoidance systems. Revenue from InvenSense's "IoT and other" unit fell 6% annually and accounted for 23% of its top line during the first half of the year. That growth looks poor, but it's faring much better than its core smartphone and tablets business. Therefore, if InvenSense invests more heavily in its IoT business, the unit could grow again and offset its weaknesses in the mobile market. But do those potential tailwinds make InvenSense stock worth buying? Buyout buzz and expansion into new markets might boost investor interest in InvenSense, but I still don't think the stock is a worthy investment. The stock could quickly collapse if TDK walks away from the rumored talks, Apple splits its motion sensor orders with a rival chipmaker, or STMicro and Bosch leverage their scale to undercut InvenSense's prices. I believe that those risks still make InvenSense a poor investment for long-term investors. Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info Dec 18, 2016 at 7:04PM Technology and Telecom Stocks STMicroelectronics NYSE:STM $11.35 up $0.13 (1.16%) InvenSense NYSE:INVN $12.79 down $0.02 (-0.16%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? 3 Stocks to Watch in Virtual Reality 3 Signs InvenSense Inc. Needs New Management The 2 Most Wildly Overvalued Stocks in Virtual Reality 3 Beaten-Up Virtual-Reality Stocks: Are They Bargains? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise #stocks $STM, $INVN
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security Market Report 2015-2020: Top Companies, Forecasts, Analysis, Technologies & Solutions for Endpoint Protection, Detection & Response News provided by Reportlinker Dec 18, 2016, 21:38 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Dec. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details This new report offers comprehensive analysis of enterprise endpoint cyber security solutions and related companies. Visiongain assesses that the enterprise endpoint cyber security market will reach $4.98bn in 2015. Visiongain's report will ensure that you keep informed and ahead of your competitors. Gain that competitive advantage. The report will answer questions such as: - How is the Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security market evolving? - What is driving and restraining Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security market dynamics? - How will each Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security submarket segment grow over the forecast period and how much revenue will these submarkets account for in 2020? - How will market shares of each Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security submarket develop from 2015-2020? - Which individual technologies will prevail and how will these shifts be responded to? - Which Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security submarket will be the main driver of the overall market from 2015-2020? - How will political and regulatory factors influence regional Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security markets and submarkets? - Will leading national Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security markets broadly follow macroeconomic dynamics, or will individual country sectors outperform the rest of the economy? - How will market shares of the regional markets change by 2020 and which regions will lead the market in 2020? - Who are the leading players and what are their prospects over the forecast period? - How will the sector evolve as alliances form during the period between 2015 and 2020? 5 Reasons why you must order and read this report today: 1) The report provides the market share and detailed profiles of 13 leading companies operating within the Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security market: - Cisco - EMC - ESET - FireEye - Intel - IBM - Kaspersky - Microsoft - Palo Alto Networks - Raytheon - Sophos - Symantec - Trend Micro 2) The study reveals where and how companies are investing in the enterprise endpoint security. We show you the prospects for the following regions: - Asia-Pacific - Europe - Latin America - Middle-East & Africa - North America 3) The analysis is also underpinned by our exclusive interviews with leading experts - Raj Samani, Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, Intel Security - Michael Applebaum, Vice President of Marketing, Invincea - Todd Weller, Vice President of Corporate Development & Marketing, Hexis Cyber Solutions 4) Our overview and analyses these technologies from 2015-2020 - Endpoint Protection - Endpoint Detection and Response - Next-Generation Endpoint Security Competitive advantage This independent, 286 pages, report guarantees you will remain better informed than your competitors. With 299 tables, figures and chart examining the enterprise endpoint cyber security market space, the report gives you an immediate, one-stop breakdown of your market, keeping your knowledge that one step ahead of your rivals. Who should read this report? - Anyone within the enterprise endpoint cyber security value chain. - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - CTO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Technologists - Suppliers - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors How will you benefit from this report? - This report you will keep your knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind - This report will allow you to reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data - You will learn how to exploit new technological trends - You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market - You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships Don't miss out This report is essential reading for you or anyone in the cyber security sector with an interest in endpoint security. Purchasing this report today will help you to recognise those important market opportunities and understand the possibilities there. Order the Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security Market Report 2015-2020: Top Companies, Forecasts, Analysis, Technologies & Solutions for Endpoint Protection, Detection & Response report now. We look forward to receiving your order. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03506390-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/enterprise-endpoint-cyber-security-market-report-2015-2020-top-companies-forecasts-analysis-technologies--solutions-for-endpoint-protection-detection--response-300380810.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Dec 18, 2016, 21:47 ET Preview: Prostatic Acid Phosphatase (PAP) 2017-2021: US, Europe, Japan--Opportunities for Suppliers, Market Segment Forecasts and Shares, Competitive Strategies, Emerging Technologies, Instrumentation Review Dec 18, 2016, 21:34 ET Preview: Traction Equipment Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Dec 20, 2016, 05:43 ETFlaxseed Market: North America Industry Analysis and Forecast... Dec 19, 2016, 15:34 ETBiodegradable Foodservice Disposables Market : Europe Industry... Explore More news releases in similar topics High Tech Security Computer Electronics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security Market Report 2015-2020: Top Companies, Forecasts, Analysis, Technologies & Solutions for Endpoint Protection, Detection & Response News provided by Reportlinker Dec 18, 2016, 21:38 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Investigations Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics Consumer Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings Baby Hospitalized for Fentanyl Exposure See It: Florida Bald Eagles Eggs Hatch 40° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Massachusetts The latest news from around the state Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Mass. Representative Files Bill to Alter Electoral College Voting Procedure Many are pushing Electoral College members to change their votes to Clinton. By Caroline Connolly NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X State Representative Fights For Change in Electoral College Link Embed Email Copy Close Link to this video http://www.necn.com/on-air/as-seen-on/WEB-ElectoralCollege9pm_NECN-407376756.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=407376756&videoID=BedDVd2Wn3de&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» Monday, members of the Electoral College are expected to select Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States. But since his victory in November, there has been a push to somehow give that win to Hillary Clinton. Caroline Connolly reports. (Published Sunday, Dec. 18, 2016) On Monday, December 19, members of the Electoral College are expected to select Donald Trump as the 45th President of the United States. But since his victory in November, there has been a push to somehow give that win to Hillary Clinton. “She will not have enough electors to win,” said Paul Yorkis, one of eleven electors in Massachusetts. Trump Feud Over Russia Intel Raises Deeper Concerns: Experts Yorkis has always intended to vote for Clinton, but that hasn’t quelled concerns from people who are still opposed to a Trump presidency. Across the country, the 538 electors in the college have received emails, letters and phone calls from voters who are hoping to convince members to prevent Trump from taking office. While only one Republican elector in Texas has indicated he won’t vote Trump, the effort to stop the president-elect has only grown in recent weeks. “I think that folks are nervous, still surprised, still maybe a little shocked from the election results last month. They’re confused, angry and looking for solutions,” explained state elector, Jason Palitsch. Because Clinton won the popular vote, many have called for an end to the Electoral College. But Rep. Shawn Dooley, R-Norfolk, said there is another route for Massachusetts. Within the last couple weeks, Dooley filed a bill proposing the state adopt a model similar to Maine. Under the plan, the state’s nine congressional districts would each receive one elector who is required to vote for the district’s chosen candidate. There would also be two at-large electors who would follow the popular vote. “We are taken for granted by the Democratic Party and we are written off by the Republican Party,” Dooley explained, “If all of a sudden one or two districts are in play, both the Democrats and the Republicans would be coming, talking to Massachusetts voters.” Similar proposals have failed at the legislature in the past, but Dooley hopes the increased attention on the issue leads to further consideration. Massachusetts electors will cast their votes at the State House on Monday at 3:00 p.m. Published at 10:25 PM EST on Dec 18, 2016 | Updated at 10:28 PM EST on Dec 18, 2016 Get the latest from necn anywhere, anytime Download the App Available for IOS and Android Follow necn Leave Comments Consumer TV Listings News Weather Investigations Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
Latest News Dow 19,763 -57.18 -0.29% Nasdaq 5,383 -48.97 -0.90% S&P 500 2,239 -10.43 -0.46% 9:24 P.M. ET Updated My husband can’t get a loan — his bad credit rating is ruining our marriage 8:58 P.M. ET CEOs pandering to Trump risks dangerous ‘caudillo capitalism’ 8:58 P.M. ET U.S. stocks riding a bull market in corruption 5:00 P.M. ET The best stocks for 2017 might be the worst performers of 2016 4:27 P.M. ET Updated The 5 tech trends that will dominate CES and 2017 4:25 P.M. ET Updated 10 things you should NOT buy in 2017 3:25 P.M. ET Updated Why you should listen to Harry Dent even if you don’t believe a word 2:48 P.M. ET Islamic State Claims Responsibility for Istanbul Attack 2:09 P.M. ET Updated I’m a former health insurance CEO and this is what Obamacare repeal will do 2:00 P.M. ET Updated 7 money resolutions to make this year 1:53 P.M. ET Updated 5 people getting even richer off your New Year’s resolutions 1:02 P.M. ET Updated Single in 2017? Here are the 10 biggest online dating photo mistakes 12:31 P.M. ET Updated Avoid these common mistakes if you’re filing for divorce in January 12:30 P.M. ET Updated $1 billion in gift cards go unused every year — here’s how to avoid that 12:11 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s tough China talk fails one key reality check 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Why Donald Trump is no Ronald Reagan 12:10 P.M. ET Updated Italian stocks rally, driving Europe markets to a stronger start for 2017 12:00 P.M. ET Ditch your New Year’s resolutions and set 3 realistic money goals for 2017 10:58 A.M. ET Updated 6 tips to help you (almost) have it all 10:55 A.M. ET Updated In 2017, I’m quitting the gym in favor of a Jane Fonda workout at home Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security Market Report 2015-2020: Top Companies, Forecasts, Analysis, Technologies & Solutions for Endpoint Protection, Detection & Response By Published: Dec 18, 2016 9:38 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, Dec. 18, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Report Details This new report offers comprehensive analysis of enterprise endpoint cyber security solutions and related companies. Visiongain assesses that the enterprise endpoint cyber security market will reach $4.98bn in 2015. Visiongain's report will ensure that you keep informed and ahead of your competitors. Gain that competitive advantage. The report will answer questions such as: - How is the Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security market evolving? - What is driving and restraining Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security market dynamics? - How will each Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security submarket segment grow over the forecast period and how much revenue will these submarkets account for in 2020? - How will market shares of each Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security submarket develop from 2015-2020? - Which individual technologies will prevail and how will these shifts be responded to? - Which Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security submarket will be the main driver of the overall market from 2015-2020? - How will political and regulatory factors influence regional Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security markets and submarkets? - Will leading national Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security markets broadly follow macroeconomic dynamics, or will individual country sectors outperform the rest of the economy? - How will market shares of the regional markets change by 2020 and which regions will lead the market in 2020? - Who are the leading players and what are their prospects over the forecast period? - How will the sector evolve as alliances form during the period between 2015 and 2020? 5 Reasons why you must order and read this report today: 1) The report provides the market share and detailed profiles of 13 leading companies operating within the Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security market: - Cisco - EMC - ESET - FireEye - Intel - IBM - Kaspersky - Microsoft - Palo Alto Networks - Raytheon - Sophos - Symantec - Trend Micro 2) The study reveals where and how companies are investing in the enterprise endpoint security. We show you the prospects for the following regions: - Asia-Pacific - Europe - Latin America - Middle-East & Africa - North America 3) The analysis is also underpinned by our exclusive interviews with leading experts - Raj Samani, Vice President, Chief Technology Officer, Intel Security - Michael Applebaum, Vice President of Marketing, Invincea - Todd Weller, Vice President of Corporate Development & Marketing, Hexis Cyber Solutions 4) Our overview and analyses these technologies from 2015-2020 - Endpoint Protection - Endpoint Detection and Response - Next-Generation Endpoint Security Competitive advantage This independent, 286 pages, report guarantees you will remain better informed than your competitors. With 299 tables, figures and chart examining the enterprise endpoint cyber security market space, the report gives you an immediate, one-stop breakdown of your market, keeping your knowledge that one step ahead of your rivals. Who should read this report? - Anyone within the enterprise endpoint cyber security value chain. - CEO's - COO's - CIO's - CTO's - Business development managers - Marketing managers - Technologists - Suppliers - Investors - Banks - Government agencies - Contractors How will you benefit from this report? - This report you will keep your knowledge base up to speed. Don't get left behind - This report will allow you to reinforce strategic decision decision-making based upon definitive and reliable market data - You will learn how to exploit new technological trends - You will be able to realise your company's full potential within the market - You will better understand the competitive landscape and identify potential new business opportunities & partnerships Don't miss out This report is essential reading for you or anyone in the cyber security sector with an interest in endpoint security. Purchasing this report today will help you to recognise those important market opportunities and understand the possibilities there. Order the Enterprise Endpoint Cyber Security Market Report 2015-2020: Top Companies, Forecasts, Analysis, Technologies & Solutions for Endpoint Protection, Detection & Response report now. We look forward to receiving your order. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03506390-summary/view-report.htmlAbout Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place.http://www.reportlinker.com__________________________Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.comUS: (339)-368-6001Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/enterprise-endpoint-cyber-security-market-report-2015-2020-top-companies-forecasts-analysis-technologies--solutions-for-endpoint-protection-detection--response-300380810.html SOURCE Reportlinker Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Glass castle in Bel Air sells for $39 million View More Opinion These five investments make the perfect all-around portfolio for 2017 View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Credit 30 credit cards and a score of 805? The Points Guy shares his secrets View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Security Progress in ransomware battle remains murky despite industry efforts Ransomware is as bad as ever, with companies continuing to pay for their data even though defensive measures are improving, finds a recent IBM security study. By Evan Koblentz | December 18, 2016, 8:36 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: iStock/nevarpp The fight against ransomware continues, but it's unclear how much progress is being made. Ransomware is the security insider's term for remote computer hijacking where files are encrypted until money is paid. IBM said this week that nearly a third of respondents in its recent industry survey still aren't familiar with the term, even though ransomware malware began spreading through floppy disks as early as 1989. "Seventy percent of businesses that were hit by ransomware actually ended up paying. That surprised me because I would expect businesses to have backups," said Limor Kessem, an IBM security expert who authored the report. Businesses are most likely to pay the ransom for financial data in the range of $10,000 to $50,000, she added. Not even backup data is foolproof, Kessem observed. Sometimes backup data is encrypted by the malware, it's too old to contain recent important data, or it would simply take longer to restore than the business could wait, she noted. SEE: Cybersecurity ebook: The ransomware battle (Tech Pro Research) Amazon, Europol, Intel, and Kaspersky Lab collaborate on an online ransomware decryption project called No More Ransom; Bitdefender, Check Point, Emsisoft, and Trend Micro recently joined them. But there are occasions when making an electronic ransom payment is poor decision making, not necessarily poor technology execution. "Companies don't always have an incident response plan in place. They don't always practice and prepare for this scenario," Kessem said. IBM subsidiary Resilient Systems released a program called Dynamic Playbook to help companies with such planning. More about IT Security Video: 5 things to know about ethical hacking Five ways to maintain your privacy on your smartphone, no downloads required Firms that force you to change your password are clueless says cyber security chief Subscribe to TechRepublic's Cybersecurity Insider newsletter Kessem, in her report, also noted: "According to U.S. government statistics, ransomware attacks quadrupled in 2016, with an average of 4,000 attacks per day. The [Federal Bureau of Investigation] reported that in just the first three months of 2016, more than $209 million in ransomware payments have been made in the United States—a dramatic 771 percent increase over a reported $24 million for the whole of 2015. The FBI estimates ransomware is on pace to be a $1 billion dollar source of income for cybercriminals this year." The FBI urges ransomware victims to report the crime. "While ransomware infection statistics are often highlighted in the media and by computer security companies, it has been challenging for the FBI to ascertain the true number of ransomware victims as many infections go unreported to law enforcement," the bureau said in a report this fall. "Victims may not report to law enforcement for a number of reasons, including concerns over not knowing where and to whom to report; not feeling their loss warrants law enforcement attention; concerns over privacy, business reputation, or regulatory data breach reporting requirements; or embarrassment. Additionally, those who resolve the issue internally either by paying the ransom or by restoring their files from back-ups may not feel a need to contact law enforcement." Moreover, the FBI noted, there's no guarantee that ransomware thieves will return your data after you pay. Much like Kevin Mitnick's perspective on phishing, any individual or company can become a ransomware victim and have no choice. But has it ever happened at Big Blue? "I am glad to say no," Kessem said. "Not that we are aware of," another IBMer emphasized. For more IT security news, analysis, and tips, subscribe to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe Also see Ransomware: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) How to avoid ransomware attacks: 10 tips (TechRepublic) Ransomware: To pay or not to pay (TechRepublic) No More Ransom takes a bite out of ransomware (TechRepublic) Hit by ransomware? No More Ransom portal adds 32 more free decryption tools to help you (ZDNet) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Evan Koblentz Evan Koblentz began covering enterprise IT news during the dot-com boom times of the late 1990s. He recently published a book, "Abacus to smartphone: The evolution of mobile and portable computers". He is director of Vintage Computer Federation, a 50... Full Bio Contact See all of Evan's content @technicallyevan × Full Bio Evan Koblentz began covering enterprise IT news during the dot-com boom times of the late 1990s. He recently published a book, "Abacus to smartphone: The evolution of mobile and portable computers". He is director of Vintage Computer Federation, a 501(c)3 non-profit and can often be found running marathons or having deep conversations with Floppy Disk Cat. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Internet of Things policy Windows spotlight: 30 tips and tricks for power users Building a practical chart of accounts: Two sample documents New user education checklist Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Apple’s made-in-India iPhone: This is what makes Bengaluru so special By Anirudh Regidi 27   Comments BHIM app review: App for cashless payments launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi By Aditya Madanapalle 24   Comments BSNL offers unlimited local and STD calls for Rs 144 in new plan By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments BHIM app faces high server loads on launch day By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Apple sued by a family in US, claims FaceTime caused fatal car accident 2   Comments more from #Xiaomi Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X gets TENAA certification, hints at increased RAM and storage CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of CES 2017: Xiaomi to showcase new Yi 4K+ action camera with 60fps support Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> A Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air update is coming on 23 December: Report #Xiaomi Image: Gizmochina 0 By tech2 News Staff /  19 Dec 2016 , 11:10 As with all of Xiaomi’s offerings, the company’s Mi Notebook Air laptop offered great value. It’s now come to light that Xiaomi is gearing up to launch an updated version of that device on 23 December. The current Mi Notebook Air offers an Intel i5 6200U CPU, 8GB of DDR4 RAM, an Nvidia 940MX graphics card and 256GB of storage with a 13.3 inch Full HD screen. All of this is available at around Rs 50,000 in China, which is almost Rs 20,000-30,000 less than anything that the competition has to offer. It was already a great deal. However, Gizmochina reports that they’ve received an invite to a Mi Notebook Air event scheduled for 23 December. The invite bears an image of a Mi Notebook Air, but the keen-eyed observer will note the presence of a network connectivity indicator on the laptop’s display. This probably means that the laptop will launch with integrated support for 4G SIMs. We can’t think of anything else that Xiaomi needs to update, however. We expect that there is indeed a hardware upgrade, the new device will come with Intel’s current, seventh-generation Kaby Lake architecture. Tags: laptop, Notebook, Xiaomi, Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air, Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air features, Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air price, Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air specifications, Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air update Also read Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air: Will Xiaomi’s laptop bet actually pay off? Here’s how the Xiaomi Mi Notebook Air compares to the Apple MacBook Air, Dell XPS 13 and more X Recommended For You Xiaomi Redmi Note 4X gets TENAA certification, hints at increased RAM and storage CES 2017: Qualcomm, Samsung, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of CES 2017: Xiaomi to showcase new Yi 4K+ action camera with 60fps support Tech in 2016: The year of the soulless smartphones Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #BHIM Jan 2, 2017 BHIM App is the leader in the ‘Top Free Apps’ category on the Google Play Store #Nasa Jan 2, 2017 Nasa’s Neowise mission discovers a comet that may be visible from the first week of 2017 #Partnered Dec 29, 2016 Your guide to be a Selfie Expert #Samsung Jan 2, 2017 Samsung launches Galaxy A7, A5, A3 (2017) series smartphones with USB Type-C #presidential election Jan 2, 2017 US releases 13-page long analysis report detailing Russia’s role in presidential election hacking #Apple Jan 2, 2017 Apple’s parts supplier Wistron looking for permission to expand in Bengaluru SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months Twitter management drained in 2016, as 60pc leave their role Accenture Q1 profits surge as high-growth areas shine Facebook data requests from governments jumped 27pc in 2016 Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn Congress group agrees with Apple: Encryption back doors are a security threat Data politics and the internet of things EU: Snooper’s Charter ‘not justified in democratic society’ Microsoft wins $927m tech support deal with US military Infosec expert, blockchain entrepreneur and more added to Inspirefest line-up €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland North-South interconnector gets An Bord Pleanála go ahead Ireland to be first country in Europe to roll out 5G geographically Cuba to allow internet access at home for the first time Start-up of the week: Flender Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise Teamwork’s Daniel Mackey: Coding Cork’s digital culture Sugru secures £4m in funding for international expansion 30 Irish tech start-ups to watch in 2017 Tyrone start-up Waste Systems raises €1.2m investment to go global ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Only research that connects with real people can make a difference 12 facts you didn’t know about Christmas ESA releases stunning image of Chinese mountain range New Ebola vaccine provides 100pc protection against virus Women secured more than half of SFI ‘Starting Investigator’ grants in 2016 Green light given as 1km solar panel road opens in Normandy Graphene found to transport huge currents on the nano scale Latest report suggests IoT devices will number 46bn by 2021 Drone driving tests: New drone safety rules proposed in the UK Zuckerberg: AI is both closer than we think, and really far away Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had very strong antlers Tyndall develops ‘smart knee’ to accelerate surgery recovery How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How much money will your degree get you? Irish professionals choosing UK, with Brazilians filling the gaps Not all generations point to tech in the workplace 7 jobs robots will steal from us in the future 8 questions you need to ask yourself about relocating Ireland has one of the worst gender gaps in the EU To succeed in tech, ‘recognise and honour your uniqueness’ How to become the perfect UX designer How to hide your job search from your employer How to upskill easily without doing a course How to answer the toughest interview questions Want to be an IT contractor? Ask yourself these questions first Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion European Digital Girl of the Year winners revealed Life is a story, so how will you tell yours? 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist Risk takers in high demand at Aon’s Centre for Innovation and Analytics What is ‘Refer Me Please’? Incredible 20,160 jobs announced in Ireland this year 2,140 new jobs for Ulster in stellar 2016 Munster nets 5,494 jobs in 2016, with big wins for Cork and Limerick ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Tesla reveals where its first Irish charging point will be AirPods arrive on the Apple Store for €179 Skype Translator can now call mobiles and landlines All screen, no filler: Samsung Galaxy S8 may look radically different Android app updates to get smaller, saving space on your phone Android Pay pips past Apple Pay to launch in Ireland first 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform Facebook Messenger reveals group video with Snapchat-like selfie filters New ears’ resolution: 10 of the best podcasts to listen to in 2017 Radio Garden: Discover a whole world of audio Amazon Prime finally challenges Netflix with Irish release ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling Want to work in tech? Hack your career with Code First: Girls Start-ups showcase creations at IndieBio EU 2016 demo day Helixworks is the first start-up to offer DNA data storage on Amazon Maureen Taylor on why simplifying communication doesn’t mean dumbing down Tyndall Technology Days 2016: Powering the Future Internet ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT START-UPS 30 Irish tech start-ups to watch in 2017 by John Kennedy 19 Dec 20161390 Shares These are the 30 Irish tech start-ups to keep an eye on in 2017. Image: Black_jp/Shutterstock The Irish start-up ecosystem is gaining pace and more and more start-ups are entering the fray. Here is our selection of 30 to keep an eye on in 2017. Ireland has a thriving start-up community that is getting stronger every year. We selected this year’s crop of ones to watch on the basis of recent achievements such as funding as well as industry recognition and most importantly, technological relevance. The 30 start-ups that follow straddle the whole gamut of technology including wearables, internet of things (IoT), mobility, robotics, e-commerce, cleantech, apps, hardware and data management, to name just a few. OpenBack From left: Parkpnp’s Garret Flower, OpenBack founder David Shackleton and Wia’s Conall Laverty. Image: John Kennedy With offices in Dublin, London and Silicon Valley, OpenBack is an on-device messaging engine that operates locally within third-party apps, and remembers activities undertaken by users for targeted notifications. Launched in 2015 by Irish pair David Shackleton and Christian Ryder, the company took the €25,000 grand prize and the ESB Spark of Genius Award at the first Lisbon Web Summit this year. According to Shackleton: “When it comes to delivering notifications for users, every app does push in the same way as it was invented for email. We think that is crazy.” Invizbox From left: Vincent Riou, Paul and Elizabeth Canavan and Chris Monks of Invizbox. Image: Andres Poveda Invizbox, which was recently named winner of the annual JumpStart competition at the Learning and Innovation Centre at the Institute of Technology Blanchardstown, was co-founded by Chris Monks, and husband and wife Paul and Elizabeth Canavan. The company has manufactured a plug-and-play hardware device that allows users to bring their own personal VPN anywhere, enabling them to use the internet through public Wi-Fi hotspots without prying eyes or fraudsters intervening. Glissed From left: David Tighe, head of innovation, Bank of Ireland; Ben Hurley, CEO, NDRC; with Glissed founders Louise Dunne and Niamh McHugh. Image: Shane O’Neill Glissed, previously known as Pucker, is an online marketplace where freelance beauty professionals offer their services, and consumers make appointments in their homes, offices or hotels. The beauty professional goes direct to the client and payment is made securely online. Company founders Louise Dunne and Niamh McHugh participated in the NDRC Female Founders programme and emerged as a winner at the recent NDRC Investor Day, with €20,000 in follow-on investment. Firmwave From left: Fintan McGovern, Adrian Burns, Caroline Macken, Lucasz Drygiel, Bartosz Ziolek, Kamil Gardziejczyk, Dominika Wojtkowiak, Bartek Bogusziewicz, Pawel Jarzewicz, Marco Pietri, Wassim Magnin, Mike Healy, Maruisz Ryndzioniek and Maoiliosa O’Culachain. Image: Luke Maxwell Firmwave is an innovative product and solution design company that specialises in designing ultra-low power hardware and firmware for IoT and wearable devices. Based at GEC in Dublin, Firmwave is targeting the emerging IoT sensors market that is predicted to reach $34.75bn by 2023. “Firmwave is already working with some great partners here such as Asavie, Nimbus, Emutex, Davra Networks, Vodafone, Intel and IBM to rapidly create secure IoT solutions for our customers,” said co-founder and CEO Fintan McGovern. Vizlegal From left: David Tighe, head of innovation, Bank of Ireland; Ben Hurley, CEO, NDRC; with Vizlegal co-founders Jose Alberto Suarez Lopez and Gavin Sheridan. Image: Shane O’Neill Vizlegal converts fragmented pieces of legal information, such as court judgments and filings from multiple jurisdictions, into structured data.  There are tens of millions of such documents online and tens of thousands published daily. On top of this data, they build tools and services for legal and other industries, which helps them to use this information. The company’s founders are Gavin Sheridan (CEO) and Jose Alberto Suarez Lopez (CTO). Sheridan is a former director of Storyful. The company was the recent overall winner at the NDRC Investor Day, where it secured €30,000 in follow-on funding. Wia Conall Lavery, founder and CEO, Wia. Image: Wia Founded in 2015 by Conall Laverty, Wia is an IoT start-up that aims to fuel and transform the maker revolution with readily accessible tools. “Wia provides developers with a cloud infrastructure for building real-time sensor and location applications,” explained Laverty to Siliconrepublic.com earlier this year. Winner of the Best Start-up category at the Irish Internet Association awards ceremony held in the RDS in October, Laverty’s business also finished as a finalist in the ESB Spark of Genius competition at the 2016 Web Summit in Lisbon. UrbanVolt Press coverage of Irish #startup @UrbanVolt for winning category in @StartUpEUAwards Ireland, in @IndoBusiness! https://t.co/tfJxH6Qlf6 pic.twitter.com/ia80NozdxS — Startup Europe (@StartUpEU) December 9, 2016 Recognised at this year’s prestigious Startup Europe Awards, energy services company UrbanVolt is spearheading what it describes as ‘light as a service’. Headed by CEO Kevin Maughan, the company in just one year of being in business has become the biggest lighting company in Ireland. Its premise is that it can truly delivery on carbon footprint reduction by being business friendly. The company, which was also named Bank of Ireland Start-up of the Year, signed a €30m funding arrangement with SUSI Energy Efficiency Fund earlier this year. CleverBooks Darya Yegorina, founder of CleverBooks. Image: CleverBooks A finalist in the Virgin Media Voom accelerator, CleverBooks is a creative company that creates personalised children’s books with clever stories, as well as books with 3D augmented reality. “We are targeting parents and grandparents; everyone who wants to make a kid happy with an educational book,” founder Darya Yegorina said. “This is a massive billion-dollar market, especially in the niche we have selected: personalised and educative fairy tales.” Parkpnp Parkpnp founder and CEO Garret Flower. Image: Parkpnp Parkpnp is a parking marketplace app that allows users to generate additional revenue by renting their unused or underutilised parking space. It has been described as the Airbnb for parking. The company is the brainchild of founder and CEO Garret Flower, who spent the last five years building Krüst Bakery, distributing specialty baked goods nationwide and exporting to the UK and Canada. Parkpnp was recently a finalist in the ESB Spark of Genius start-up competition at the Web Summit in Lisbon. OCREX The OCREX team in Dublin. Image: Jenny Fogarty OCREX offers intelligent, automated software solutions to enable accountants and bookkeepers to reduce time and cost while processing paper documents. “We wanted to help address the significant challenges incurred from manual data entry, by developing a highly functional, yet cost-effective solution for the industry” said founder Brendan Woods. Serving in excess of 2,000 accounting firms worldwide and having secured seed funding from Enterprise Ireland and investment group Signature Capital, OCREX is expecting to close a new funding round in the first half of 2017 to support continued expansion. WeSavvy "Taking early investment for 10% of your company might sound steep, but you have nothing if you don't build your product" via @WeSavvyApp pic.twitter.com/GkcJk82tJC — EntAnonSociety (@EntAnon) December 14, 2016 Dublin and New York-based WeSavvy’s disruptive fintech ambition is to transform how insurance products are distributed by creating a new industry model with the customer at its heart. To do this, WeSavvy integrates with another growing tech sector, mobile health. With the WeSavvy mobile app, insurance clients are encouraged to increase their lifestyle activity in order to personalise their insurance policies. Founder Hesus Inoma describes himself as a ‘finhealth evangelist’ and his experience comes from Irish and European insurance markets. Cortechs Cortechs, founder, Áine Behan. Image: Cortechs Cortechs is focused on using brainwaves and digital tools, such as gameplay, to improve attention in kids, especially those with ADHD. Founded by former research lecturer Áine Behan, Cortechs has created a platform that uses a brainwave-sensing headset that reads brainwaves with advanced algorithms and uses gameplay to regulate your focus levels. Cortechs uses this platform to create games, dashboards, and collect brainwave data so children can improve their behaviour and build a more resilient mind. “Cortechs’ opportunity is selling to the half million UK/Ireland market with attention deficit issues worth around €60m that can scale to €600m when pushed out to the European and US markets and to a further €1.2bn if we move both vertically into the adult market,” Behan explained. MamaBud Sarah Martin, founder and CEO of Mama Bud. Image: Luke Maxwell MamaBud is an Irish e-commerce and logistics company selling Irish-sourced baby foods directly to homes in China. The company is moving to capitalise on an opportunity that will arise in 2018 when the Chinese government moves to close down an informal grey market for baby food worth €1.5bn, after various safety scandals arose. MamaBud aims to fill the gap with quality and safe produce sourced in Ireland. “MamaBud is a legitimised, encrypted version of this grey market, delivering premium products direct to Chinese mothers, and perfectly poised to scoop up that value,” said CEO and founder Sarah Martin. FXCH Dublin-based start-up Foreign Exchange Clearing House (FXCH) is turning to crowdfunding to raise €8.5m, to expand its operation that uses blockchain and overhaul how currency is exchanged between financial institutions. The founders have worked together for over 20 years, beginning in the FX futures markets when the NYBOT-FINEX set up shop in Dublin in in 1995. Their experience in futures is where the central clearing concept took shape. A few attempts were made to partner with established exchanges to offer a Cleared Spot-FX service. But for budget reasons or just cultural differences, it never took off. “When we traded on the futures pits in France many years ago, we did not realise how advanced the central counterparty model was, the hidden gem behind the exchange’s open outcry system,” said Marc Despallieres, director of APAC at FXCH. “What we are bringing to the OTC world of Spot-FX with FXCH is this streamlined simplicity of a clearing house. Our usage of the blockchain reinforces that simplicity with transparency.” Gigliotti Fiona Levie, CEO of Gigliotti. Image: Gigliotti Co-founded in 2015 by Charles Seadon (CTO) and Fiona Levie (CEO), Gigliotti serves the hospitality sector with its current in-room Smartdrinx System minibar. The system is an IoT automated dispenser which offers up to 60 products that the company believes will put it in a prominent position, in a market worth €10bn globally. With operations in Clare and Frankfurt, the company has already agreed a sales and distribution deal in Dubai worth an estimated $1bn over the next five years, as well as a $3.5bn deal over the next five years with its associates, Hospitality Future Labs in San Francisco. Gecko Governance From left: Gecko team members Andris Macs, Damien Cahill and Shane Brett. Image: Gecko Governance Gecko Governance is a Dundalk and Dublin-based start-up that makes regulation technology (regtech) for the global finance industry. “Gecko Governance is a new regtech solution that easily allows fund managers to monitor and manage their regulation and compliance requirements,” explained founder CEO Shane Brett. Brett has worked in hedge funds and asset management for 20 years all over the world and previously wrote two books on fund management. Gecko Governance works by providing fund managers with a live oversight of all their funds regulation and compliance requirements. It helps them to determine which funds are on schedule and which are behind, which compliance tasks are outstanding and which have been completed. PlayTank From left: PlayTank’s Andy Byrne, Daniel Conlon, Toby Farren and Jason Hassett. Image: PlayTank PlayTank is a social collaboration platform that enables staff at organisations of all sizes to be a part of the innovation journey. Think of it as Slack for idea creation. “PlayTank is a social collaboration platform, aimed at facilitating large-scale innovation-fostering activities both inside large organisations and through on-platform partnerships between multiple organisations,” explained its founder and CEO Toby Farren. “Our platform takes advantage of the collective wisdom of the crowd, allowing large groups of stakeholders to come together and design potential new innovations; including new products, processes and business models, bypassing the political and bureaucratic barriers inherent in larger enterprises.” Popdeem From left: Popdeem CEO Richard Whelan and Gavin Hayes. Image: Popdeem Founded by Gavin Hayes and Richard Whelan, Dublin-based Popdeem is a social rewards platform. It gives brands the ability to identify their most influential customers on social networks and to reward them for sharing their brand experiences online. This year, the company raised €500,000 of funding, following an identical return in 2014. The latest capital is helping the company open a New York office, pilot a new version of its software and hire engineers in Dublin. Its solution is now live in more than 10 countries, including Ireland, the UK, Turkey, Australia, New Zealand and the US. Cyc-Lok #Working at an #office where space for #parking is at a #premium? Get your #CYC_LOK today: https://t.co/uVAFj2xmuq pic.twitter.com/5rmozsatO6 — Cyc-Lok (@cyclokglobal) May 31, 2016 Cyc-Lok has begun rolling out its secure smart lockers for bicycles and bicycle equipment that can be accessed via a smartphone app. Founded by Stephen and Louise Murphy, the company’s first unit was installed at Pearse Station in Dublin. The Carlow-based company made it to the final two of the pitch battle at the recent Uprise Festival, but just missed out on the top prize. Glistrr From left: CEO Matthew Large, CTO Richard Stewart, and head of business development, Anne Devlin. Image: Glistrr Glistrr is an event software platform founded in 2012. “Glistrr allows event organisers to identify and engage influencers within their customer base, to boost event attendances and ultimately increase revenues,” explained Matthew Large, CEO of the company. Glistrr has just completed the inaugural StartPlanetNI accelerator, which is the only equity-backed accelerator programme currently available in Northern Ireland. The company was voted the ‘Most Investible Company’ at the recent Demo Day in Hillsborough Castle, Co Down by the assembled investor audience from across the island of Ireland, UK and further afield. Hub Controls Hub Controls founder Oliver Hynes.Image: Hub Controls Founded in 2014 by Oliver Hynes, Hub Controls brings customers the Hub Controller, which is a smart thermostat you can control from your smartphone. The Hub Controller can also learn your heating habits and optimise itself to save you money. Hynes has worked extensively in the heating industry throughout Europe for the past 20 years. He came up with the idea when a family member had difficulty paying an electricity bill and was offered a prepaid meter, which Hynes worked out would be more expensive than the standard bill-pay supply. Aylien Aylien founder Parsa Ghaffari. Image: Aylien Dublin-based Aylien is an AI-start-up that is no stranger to Siliconrepublic.com, with a busy few years culminating in a landmark 2016. In March, Aylien secured a round of international funding worth €580,000, with eight new jobs to be added before 2017. Aylien’s technology is focused on developing a text and image analysis API that allows developers and data scientists to filter and make sense of massive amounts of textual data. The company was founded by Parsa Ghaffari, its current CEO, and has thousands of customers worldwide. Pavanu Mobility Pavanu CEO Natalia Shiel. Image: Pavanu Pavanu Mobility develops technologies such as robots to survey footpaths and pedestrian areas, and has just completed the StartPlanetNI accelerator. “The data and reports generated can be used by authorities to rebuild and repair pedestrian areas to ensure accessibility, such as wheelchair access and safety for everybody, regardless of age, ability and circumstances,” said Pavanu’s CEO Natalia Shiel. “Our objective is to disrupt the way pedestrian areas are built, repaired and maintained.” Cogni Cogni CEO and co-founder Archie Ravishankar. Image: Cogni Cogni is a disruptive young fintech player based in Dublin that aims to act as a smartphone bank for businesses. Previously known as Bizbaze, Cogni is a collaborative commerce platform with digital banking to help SMEs and micro-enterprises find new markets and customers with evidence-based insights, through the use of collaborative commerce and artificial intelligence (AI). The company was one of six young start-ups to take part in the recent showcase of ones to watch for the future of Irish fintech at the Accenture FinTech Innovation Lab in Dublin’s NDRC in March. Founder and CEO Archie Ravishankar said that Cogni provides businesses with multi-currency business accounts with AI-driven financial tools. “99pc of European businesses are micro and small businesses and they are growing 15pc each year. Cogni aims to address the market needs of this segment.” Yedup From left: Yedup founders Dr Martin Spollen and Paul McWilliams. Image: Yedup AI research start-up Yedup was founded by Dr Martin Spollen and Paul McWilliams in 2015. Yedup uses social media analytics to detect trends and gain valuable customer information. Earlier this year, it launched its SodaBread API to monitor “global social media content continually in real time” for hedge fund clients as well as high-frequency traders and algorithmic trading. Last month, Yedup was named the best New Start company in the regional NI category at the InterTrade Ireland Seedcorn awards, securing a €20,000 cash prize to finance its future ventures. Effy Effy founders Norma O’Mahony and Owen McCabe. Image: Effy Effy is a tool for businesses that makes smart scheduling simpler – effortless, even. Effy, which was co-founded by Norma O’Mahony and Owen McCabe, uses existing in-store data to ensure retailers have the right staff, in the right place, at the right time. “This allows lean retailing, sales optimisation, and ultimately gives control back to the manager over their resources. Effy does all this in a manner that is effective, efficient and effortless – all in the name,” says O’Mahony. Effy is targeted towards those in retail, predominantly fashion and footwear multiples that have more than 10 employees. JHI Dan Hill, co-founder and CEO, JHI. Image: JHI Johnson Hana International (JHI) is a disruptive new legal process outsourcing company that is combining legal services with big data. “We aim to drive efficiency into legal services to save our clients time, energy and money by outsourcing their legal process work to us,” explained Dan Fox, JHI founder and CEO. Lawyers operating out of JHI use technological platforms to review and code documentation. Fresh from major contract wins with the ESB, for example, the company has plans to hire 200 people in the coming years. Lystable Johnston and the Lystable team. Image: Lystable Founded by Irishman Peter Johnston in 2014, SaaS start-up Lystable is behind a piece of software that allows large companies to more effectively manage a freelance workforce and its vendors. Lystable has enjoyed a successful first two years of operation since its launch in early 2015. The start-up raised $3.5m in its first year, and recently closed out an $11m Series A, led by investment from Peter Thiel, Goldcrest Capital and Spring Partners. Smartfrog The Smartfrog team. Image: Smartfrog Dublin and Berlin-based Smartfrog is an IoT security camera player with users in 130 countries worldwide, and recently raised €20m in a new funding round. Smartfrog is just one year old, and the latest funding round brings the figure raised by the company so far to €28m. This was achieved with the help of existing investors E.ventures, Target Global and a number of unnamed family offices. Smartfrog has developed a universal IoT platform designed to build dedicated solutions across product areas. With 60 staff, the company has established several partnerships with leading e-tailers and retailers such as Amazon, Otto, Media Markt and Saturn, as well as leading utilities and consumer electronics distributors in Europe. Cog & Axle Colm Ó hAnluain, founder of Cog & Axle. Image: Cog & Axle Cog & Axle is the Irish company behind the design and manufacture of the Lévó. This wooden teaching resource uses levers, inclined planes, wheels, axles and pulleys to teach students the science behind simple machines, along with the associated mathematics and vocabulary. Using the Lévó in conjunction with the storybook Henry’s Piano, young students from five to 15 years old can learn through the challenge of delivering Henry’s new piano to his house. To facilitate teachers as well as students, Cog & Axle also provides a comprehensive illustrated 200-page teacher’s manual with lesson plans, activities and investigations. Lessons are laid out so that each year-level builds on previous experience, going from simple concrete activities to more abstract theories involving physics and mathematics. Updated, 9.15am, 19 December 2016: This article was updated to replace ExerWise with JHI as a start-up to watch, as the former is no longer trading. Updated, 2.20pm, 19 December 2016: This article was amended to clarify that WeSavvy does not partner with the insurance companies Aviva, Zurich, Allianz and Irish Life. In-Depth: Start-up of the Week Related: entrepreneurs, software, e-commerce, design, apps, robotics, internet of things, fintech Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Start-ups Start-up of the week: Flender 9 hours ago24 Shares Hiring Now Informing, entertaining and connecting the world A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Be part of a globally successful team Help develop the future of sales and trading Start-ups Start-up of the week: Firmwave 12 Dec 2016847 Shares Start-ups Start-up of the week: Gigliotti 5 Dec 201659 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Start-ups The Europe Start-up 100: Who are the ones to watch in 2017? 9 Dec 2016741 Shares Start-ups Start-up of the Week: Bloom & Wild 5 Sep 2016410 Shares Start-ups Irish banks less afraid of fintech start-ups than their global counterparts 26 Sep 201689 Shares Latest News Start-up of the week: Flender 9 hours ago Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy 3 days ago Only research that connects with real people can make a difference 4 days ago Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy 5 days ago It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender 6 days ago Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn 23 Dec 2016 12 facts you didn’t know about Christmas 23 Dec 2016 Graphene found to transport huge currents on the nano scale 23 Dec 2016 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays 23 Dec 2016 ESA releases stunning image of Chinese mountain range 23 Dec 2016 Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise 23 Dec 2016 Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months 23 Dec 2016 New Ebola vaccine provides 100pc protection against virus 23 Dec 2016 Women secured more than half of SFI ‘Starting Investigator’ grants in 2016 23 Dec 2016 €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world 23 Dec 2016 ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles 23 Dec 2016 How much money will your degree get you? 23 Dec 2016 Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens 23 Dec 2016 Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland 23 Dec 2016 Green light given as 1km solar panel road opens in Normandy 22 Dec 2016 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist 22 Dec 2016 Breakthrough research discovers biomarker for concussion 22 Dec 2016 Teamwork’s Daniel Mackey: Coding Cork’s digital culture 22 Dec 2016 Twitter management drained in 2016, as 60pc leave their role 22 Dec 2016 More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Skip to content SAT Press Releases pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on December 19, 2016December 19, 2016 by Monika Donimirska 3 Reasons InvenSense, Inc. Stock Could Rise InvenSense (NYSE: INVN) , the chipmaker best known for supplying motion sensors for Apple ‘s(NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhones and other devices, has had a wild year. The stock had fallen about 30% for the year at the beginning of December due to its slowing sales growth and competition from bigger rivals like STMicroelectronics (NYSE: STM) and Bosch Sensortech. But then InvenSense abruptly rallied nearly 30% on Dec. 9 after Reuters reported that Japanese electronics maker TDK had offered to acquire it for $12 per share. Following that pop, InvenSense stock is now up 6% for the year, but remains almost 60% below its peak of $26 in 2014. Should investors hold on and expect the stock to rise further, or has the TDK report given long-suffering investors the best chance to cut their losses? Let’s take a look at three tailwinds for InvenSense and whether they’re actually good reasons to buy the stock. Image source: InvenSense. 1. A potential bidding war InvenSense posted double-digit year-over-year revenue declines over the past two quarters, and analysts expect its sales to fall  30% for the full year. Most of that decline was caused by a global slowdown in smartphone and tablet sales, its overwhelming dependence on Apple’s orders (53% of its revenue in the  first half of fiscal 2017), and competition from rival sensor makers like STMicro. Its bottom line also dipped into the red over the past three quarters due to rising operating expenses. Faced with those bleak numbers, the best-case scenario for InvenSense would be to sell itself before its market value declines even further. Back in October, Reuters reported that InvenSense was exploring strategic initiatives “including a possible sale,” although no potential suitors were named.Then on Dec. 9 came the Reuters report that “people familiar with the matter” were saying TDK was in talks to acquire Invensense. In a previous article , I noted that STMicro, Sony (NYSE: SNE) , and Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) could all benefit from buying InvenSense, which has a pretty low enterprise value of $900 million. If any of those companies step up to challenge TDK’s rumored bid, a bidding war could give InvenSense’s stock price a big boost. Though it isn’t smart to invest in a stock based on the possibility of a bidding war. 2. Virtual and augmented reality Sixty-eight percent of InvenSense’s revenue came from smartphones and tablets in the first half of the year. Revenues from that segment fell 35% annually during that period. To diversify away from that saturated market, InvenSense is expanding into virtual reality and augmented reality devices. Its motion sensors already power HTC ‘s Vive VR headset, which could encourage other new headset vendors to use its gyroscopes and accelerometers. Piper Jaffray claims that  500 million VR headsets could be sold by 2025 — indicating that it could become a growing adjacent market for InvenSense. CEO Behrooz Abdi has also claimed that a new generation of AR games  like Pokemon Go could broaden its total addressable market for high-performance motion sensors in “mid-tier and low-tier smartphone markets.” HTC’s Vive. Image source: HTC. Those new growth markets sound promising, but investors should note that InvenSense isn’t the only motion sensor maker targeting these markets. Bosch already provides motion sensors in the  Oculus Rift, and STMicro’s motion sensors are found in plenty of  smartphones and tablets. 3. The Internet of Things In my opinion, a better growth opportunity for InvenSense would be the growing Internet of Things (IoT) market, which consists of wearables, home automation devices, connected cars, drones, and other gadgets. Intel estimates that the number of connected devices worldwide could surge from 15 billion in 2015 to 200 billion by  2020. InvenSense has been expanding into the IoT market with motion sensors for drones and connected cars via dash cams, smart mirrors, and collision avoidance systems. Revenue from InvenSense’s “IoT and other” unit fell 6% annually and accounted for 23% of its top line during the first half of the year. That growth looks poor, but it’s faring much better than its core smartphone and tablets business. Therefore, if InvenSense invests more heavily in its IoT business, the unit could grow again and offset its weaknesses in the mobile market. But do those potential tailwinds make InvenSense stock worth buying? Buyout buzz and expansion into new markets might boost investor interest in InvenSense, but I still don’t think the stock is a worthy investment. The stock could quickly collapse if TDK walks away from the rumored talks, Apple splits its motion sensor orders with a rival chipmaker, or STMicro and Bosch leverage their scale to undercut InvenSense’s prices. I believe that those risks still make InvenSense a poor investment for long-term investors. 10 stocks we like better than InvenSense When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and InvenSense wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of Nov. 7, 2016 Leo Sun has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of InvenSense and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days . We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriessatPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 Things You Didn't Know Were Taxable Next PostNext 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Satellites can improve regional air quality forecasting January 3, 2017 Satellite images reveal ocean acidification from space January 3, 2017 Space debris from satellite explosion increases collision risk for space craft January 3, 2017 Asteroid research benefits from Gaia satellite mission January 3, 2017 Two chaotically tumbling Pluto moons January 3, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Linux 4.10 To Better Support Microsoft's Surface 3 Device Written by Michael Larabel in Hardware on 19 December 2016 at 03:00 AM EST. Add A Comment A few days ago I wrote about HID improvements for Microsoft's Surface 3/4 tablets coming with Linux 4.10 while now there is additional driver work landing to benefit the Microsoft Surface 3 2-in-1 computer. The Microsoft Surface 3 with Linux 4.10 now has button and lid driver support as the latest additions. Intel's Darren Hart sent in the button and lid support for the Surface 3 as part of a secondary platform-drivers-x86 update for the 4.10 merge window. Other work included as part of this second platform-drivers-x86 update include a fix for the IdeaPad Y700, Mellanox platform changes, and Whiskey Core PMIC TMU support. More details via this pull request. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Hardware News The Top NVIDIA vs. AMD/Radeon Linux News Of 2016 WD Blue 250GB SSD Linux Benchmarks The Firefly-RK3399 Looks Like An Interesting 6-Core ARM 64-Bit Developer Board VC4 Stepping Closer To Feature Parity With Original Raspberry Pi Driver OPAL Self-Encrypting Drive Support For Linux Steps Closer That Didn't Last Long: Samsung 960 EVO NVMe Already Fails Popular News Wine 2.0 Is Looking Like It Will Be A Late January Release Mesa's RADV Vulkan Driver Receives Some Fixes For DOOM Former Valve Developer: Steam Linux Project Was The Hardest The Top BSD News This Year: Ubuntu Atop BSD, FreeBSD 11.0, DragonFly's HAMMER2 Arcan Display Server Working On X.Org / Wayland Compatibility Lineage: Forking CyanogenMod To A New Android Distribution Latest Linux News RadeonSI Patches Boost Deus Ex: MD Performance By ~70% Dawn-CC: Automatically Adding OpenACC/OpenMP Directives To Programs KDE Kirigami UI 2.0 Beta Released: Better Android Integration, QQC2 Focus Linux 4.9/4.10, Solaris Rumors, Graphics Driver News Ended Out 2016 GLSL Copy Propagation Optimizations For Mesa Should Tarballs Be On Their Way Out The Door In 2017? Steam's Linux Marketshare Ended Slightly Lower For 2016 Linux 4.10-rc2 Released To Kick Off Kernel Testing For 2017 Steam's Top Grossing Games Of 2016 A Look Back At Some Of The Best Features Added To The Linux Kernel In 2016 Latest Featured Articles Happy New Year! That's A Wrap For 2016 With 3,336 New Articles + 248 Reviews/Featured Articles Setting Up A MoCA 2.0 Ethernet-Over-Coax Network, Linux LAN Benchmarks EXT4 / F2FS / Btrfs / XFS On Early Linux 4.10 Kernel NVIDIA CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks For Ending 2016 + cuDNN Caffe AlexNet/Googlenet Running The Intel NUC6i7KYK On Linux With Skylake Iris Pro Graphics Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsDon't Miss The Tech Awards Show Of The Year Get Your Tickets Today Asia Twitter’s controversial head of China is the latest exec to leave the company Alibaba is back on U.S. blacklist of “notorious marketplaces” New regulations could limit Didi’s taxi on-demand service in China’s top cities Browse more... automotive technology Karamba Security raises $2.5 million to keep self-driving cars safe from hackers The end of the automotive supply chain Detroit’s music chops and auto shops could drive connected-car entertainment Browse more... cars Crunch Report | Google Spins Out Waymo, A Self-Driving Car Company China’s futuristic train that floats above traffic now lies deserted Crunch Report | Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island Browse more... rightware Finnish Startup Rightware Closes $5.2M Series B To Drive Global Growth Of Its Embedded UI Creation Tool Business Browse more... OS builder Thundersoft buys UI maker Rightware for $68M to expand in automotive Posted Dec 19, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Uber’s Middle Eastern rival Careem raises $350M at a $1B valuation Thundersoft, a company out of China that designs operating systems for drones and other connected devices, has made an acquisition to drive deeper into automotive technology: it has paid €64 million ($68 million; RMB471 million) for Rightware, a company out of Helsinki that develops graphical user interfaces for connected devices, with a special focus on automotive: its Kanzi product is currently used in some 20 automotive brands, the company said. The deal should close in early 2017. Thundersoft makes operating systems and other platform tools for device makers. Acquiring a company like Rightware that focuses on graphical interfaces for automotive systems positions Thundersoft as a stronger offering for customers looking at end-to-end solutions. There is a clear opportunity here, since car makers are turning to outside partners like these to both provide technology but also guidance in how to navigate themselves as the car industry continues to evolve. (This has also been some of the logic driving car groups buying into mapping companies, and partnering with tech companies to build and develop new in-car systems.) Thundersoft, which was founded in 2008 and is publicly traded in China, has taken strategic backing from companies like Qualcomm and Intel. It is using the acquisition not only to build out its business in the car industry, but also to help it grow more outside of China. Rightware is its first acquisition outside of China. “The automotive market is one of the fastest growing segments for Thundersoft, and we are providing in-vehicle infotainment and cluster OS solutions to our customers worldwide,” said Larry Geng, CEO of Thundersoft, in a statement. “Cars are getting smarter — with rich applications and fully optimized OS solutions. Rightware has the best user experience design technology, which will be featured in more connected cars in the market. In combination with Rightware’s unique technology, design knowhow and world-class talent, we can bring more value to our customers and transform the automotive industry with our innovations.” Rightware — which will continue to operate as an independent company, currently employing 50 but also now hiring more — has been around since 2009 but its last round of disclosed funding was a $5 million round back in 2014, so it seems like this, in part, is one way of expanding its business in a climate where remaining a smaller independent player may have been more challenging. “Kanzi is expected to power over 25 million cars by 2022. With Thundersoft, we can expand this footprint further and support our customers even better,” said Jonas Geust, CEO of Rightware, in a statement. “We see that the specialisation within the global automotive industry software will continue. This creates a huge possibility for us to position Kanzi as the industry standard software solution. The arrangement further strengthens our presence in the growing Asian automotive market and complements our strong footprint in the European and American automotive markets.” Another notable point is that Rightware originally started out focusing on building a platform for graphic interfaces for all kinds of devices, with the emphasis on phones and tablets, before focusing on cars. This in itself is an interesting shift that speaks to the pace of change in the car world today, and how many have come to see it as a key piece of “hardware” while mobile has somewhat slowed down in growth and development as customers have consolidated essentially on two platforms, Android and iOS.  Rightware said that current management will remain and “re-invest in the company” as part of the deal. (This presumably means that they have kept a stake in the transaction at least for the initial earn out.) Existing shareholders include Finnish Industry Investment Ltd, Inventure Fund Ky, Nexit Ventures, the current management and the company founders. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Rightware Oy Founded 2009 Overview Rightware Oy provides graphical user interface solutions for in mobile, automotive, and other embedded industries worldwide. It offers Kanzi to solve the implementation and differentiation problems of 3D user interfaces; and enable UI designers and engineers to focus on the creation, testing, and deployment of 3D user interfaces. The company also provides Kanzi Studio to provide a what-you-see-is-what-you-get … Location Espoo, 13 Categories Mobile Website http://www.rightware.com Full profile for Rightware Oy Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Happy New Year from Crunch Report! Watch More Episodes automotive technology cars rightware Asia Popular Posts Featured Stories Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington SpaceX targets January 8 launch as explosion investigation ends 12 hours ago | Darrell Etherington Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago | Jon Russell WTF is a VPN 22 hours ago | Romain Dillet Latest From Europe PixTeller makes designers (almost) obsolete 11 hours ago | John Biggs Italian incubator H-Farm prepares for a new crop with a campus slated to open in 2018 Dec 24, 2016 | Marcello Mari UK’s Nutmeg pulls in an extra £12m for its Series D from Taipei’s Fubon bank Dec 23, 2016 | Mike Butcher Brain-training app Peak sells majority stake to French publisher Hachette Dec 21, 2016 | Mike Butcher Comment moderation powered by Up Next Uber’s Middle Eastern rival Careem raises $350M at a $1B valuation Posted Dec 18, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings Graphic/Website Designer for Nonprofits at Media Cause (San Francisco, CA, United States) Marketing / SEO Coordinator at Soundsnap (Brooklyn, NY, United States) Lead Software Engineer at WAZER (Rockland County, NY, United States) Product Manager at Tulē at Tulē (San Francisco, CA, United States) Software Engineer II at LSI (Jacksonville, FL, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt London All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular WTF is a VPN 22 hours ago by Romain Dillet Tesla begins rolling out much-anticipated Autopilot update for its newest cars 17 hours ago by Jon Russell Fiat Chrysler and Google team on Android in-car tech 12 hours ago by Darrell Etherington Why the largest insurance companies are pouring into Silicon Valley yesterday by Ali Safavi Twitter’s controversial head of China is the latest exec to leave the company 21 hours ago by Jon Russell Museums, startups and accelerators… oh, my! 4 hours ago by Brendan Ciecko No cobalt, no Tesla? yesterday by Sebastien Gandon
Press Release Wire Send Receive About About for PRs Product tour FAQs About for Journalists Search Releases Newsrooms Offers Images Videos News channels Business & Finance Children & Teenagers Computing & Telecoms Construction & Property Consumer Technology Education & Human Resources Entertainment & Arts Environment & Nature Farming & Animals Food & Drink Health Home & Garden Leisure & Hobbies Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy Media & Marketing Medical & Pharmaceutical Men's Interest Motoring Personal Finance Public Sector, Third Sector & Legal Retail & Fashion Sport Transport & Logistics Travel Women's Interest & Beauty Topics Awards Bank Holiday Brexit Charity CRM Mother's Day Nelson Mandela New Year Renewable Energy Social Business Valentine's Day Winter Regions Channel Islands Derbyshire Devon Dorset Dublin, Ireland Durham East Midlands, England East of England East Riding of Yorkshire Gloucestershire Herefordshire Isle of Man Leicestershire Lincolnshire London North East England North West England North Yorkshire Northamptonshire Northern Ireland Northumberland Nottinghamshire Peak District Republic of Ireland Scotland Shropshire Somerset South East England South West England South Yorkshire Staffordshire Wales Warwickshire West Midlands, England West Yorkshire Wiltshire Worcestershire Yorkshire and the Humber Services Services for PR's PR's Media Contacts Database Search My lists Journalist Enquiry Service Manage your email settings Search enquiries Press Release Wire Send a press release Search releases Manage your newsrooms Services for Journalists Journalists Send a media enquiry Search for freelancers Search press releases Create a profile Update your profile Receive press releases Media Jobs Media Jobs Post a vacancy Search jobs ResponseSource About ResponseSource Get in touch Media Bulletin Blog Login Skip navigation Boston IT Solutions (PVT) Ltd introduces a mind-blowing array of High-Performance Computing Solutions at HiPC-Hyderabad-2016 in collaboration with IEEE Organization Monday 19 December 2016 PDF Print Boston Ltd are attending the 23rd IEEE international conference on High Performance Computing, HiPC Hyderabad 2016, showcasing a selection of innovative HPC solutions including deep learning, cloud and Lustre* systems. Boston Ltd are on stand 4, and solutions exhibited include: vScaler™ vScaler™ is a hyper converged solution for simplifying data center infrastructure, integrating and delivering server, storage, and networking resources at the click of a mouse. With a minimal deployment period of as little as 15 minutes, a variety of applications at any scale can be tested and deployed swiftly on this turnkey appliance. Powered by the OpenStack technology, the vScaler platform enables organizations to quickly deploy scalable and production-ready private cloud environments that can inter-operate with other public clouds. Boston Venom 1501-0T (KNL Development Kit) Keeping the requirements of developers in mind, Boston in partnership with Supermicro® designed the Boston Venom 1501-0T, KNL Development Kit. This kit comes integrated with an Intel® Xeon® Phi™ x200 Processor, supporting up to a staggering 72 cores* in a single socket, each performing at up to 1.7Ghz* (with Turbo boost). One such highly scalable processor could provide 3 trillion floating points operations a second. It also includes 16GB of high speed MCDRAM on package memory, which can act as cache or could be used in conjunction to legacy DDR4 DRAM enabling enhanced performance. Further capacity can be added by traditional DDR4 ECC LRDIMM’s, enabling a total of up to 384GB for memory hungry applications. An integrated liquid cooling solution and 6 low noise cooling fans, helps to keep the processor and other components at optimal temperature and your working environment quiet. Boston ANNA Pascal (Artificial Neural Network Accelerator) This latest deep learning platform from Boston Limited is an industry leading, latest-generation GPU based server and a masterclass of server design and innovation. NVIDIA® Tesla® P100 GPUs power the Boston ANNA Pascal to deliver the highest absolute performance for HPC and deep learning workloads with infinite computing needs. The streamlined design eliminates complex cabling and GPU pre-heat for maximum airflow, cooling and the highest level of performance-per-watt. The high-density 1U server includes 2 x PCI-E Gen 3 slots for InfiniBand to enable strong RDMA performance and can support up to 4x GPUs, making it an optimal system for scalable GPU accelerator bound applications where density matters. NVLink provides a high-speed 80Gb/s interconnect path wholly devoted to peer GPU-to-GPU connections. Combining this with RDMA via Infiniband or Omnipath provides the most powerful possible parallel computing environment. As shown below with the increase in performance compared to the previous generation K80 GPUs. The reimagined appliance is crafted with innovation at each level from silicon to software, with over 5 ground-breaking technologies providing a dramatic jump in performance up to a 12X leap in neural network training, thus reducing training time from weeks to just hours. Boston dataScaler-L SSF (Lustre* appliance) The Boston dataScaler-L SFF appliance brings all the features of Intel Enterprise Lustre* into 4U form factor. This provides a lower cost / capacity entry point for Lustre* storage systems. The dataScaler-L SFF is optimized for the small or mid-sized clusters with capacities as low as 18TB (and scaling to 720TB). The Boston dataScaler-L SFF has been developed and engineered in response to customer demands for higher performance HPC solutions at a more attractive price point. Manoj Nayee, Managing Director, Boston Ltd says; “Attending HiPC is an opportunity for Boston to showcase and launch our newest solutions, in partnership with Supermicro®, to the HPC, data and analytics markets. All of the solutions on show are available immediately and have a variety of use-cases. I encourage attendees to visit our booth to discover more.” ENDS This press release was distributed by ResponseSource Press Release Wire on behalf of Boston in the following categories: Business & Finance, Manufacturing, Engineering & Energy, Computing & Telecoms, for more information visit http://pressreleasewire.responsesource.com/about. Release from Follow Newsroom Leaders in high performance technologies in the HPC, enterprise and broadcast marketplace. maz.lopez@boston.co.uk http://www.boston.co.uk +44 (0) 1727 876 100 Attached files Boston ANNA Pascal Boston KNL Development Workstation Boston dataScaler-L SFF vScaler Useful links Send Search Release Archive Social @responsesource ResponseSource ResponseSource Product dashboard About us Services for PRs Services for journalists Blog Privacy policy System requirements Terms & Conditions Free trial Contact ResponseSource 0345 370 7777 ResponseSource Press Release Wire (formerly SourceWire). © 1997-2017 ResponseSource Ltd.
Tweakers Frontpage Nieuws Reviews Pricewatch Vraag & Aanbod Forum Meer Video Downloads IT Banen IT Pro Profielen Tweakblogs Acties Word Abonnee Over Tweakers 0 Account Inloggen Registreren settings vergelijk items0 Zoeken Inloggen Registreren Wij stellen technologie op de proef 29,3K 78,3K Cookies op Tweakers Tweakers maakt gebruik van cookies, onder andere om de website te analyseren, het gebruiksgemak te vergroten en advertenties te tonen. Door gebruik te maken van deze website, of door op 'Ga verder' te klikken, geef je toestemming voor het gebruik van cookies. Wil je meer informatie over cookies en hoe ze worden gebruikt, bekijk dan ons cookiebeleid. Ga verder Meer informatie Software-update: Kodi 17.0 bèta 7 Door Bart van Klaveren, maandag 19 december 2016 12:09, 54 reacties • Feedback Bron: Kodi, submitter: Idiocracy De zevende en naar alle waarschijnlijkheid laatste bètaversie van Kodi 17.0 is uitgekomen. Deze crossplatform-mediacentersoftware wordt ontwikkeld voor Windows, macOS, Linux, Android en iOS. In versie 17.0 is de mogelijkheid voor het afspelen van 10bit- en hevc-materiaal toegevoegd, in combinatie met gpu's van Intel of Nvidia die daar ondersteuning voor bieden. Ook de standaardskin is gewijzigd naar Estuary en voor apparaten met een aanraakscherm is dat Estouchy geworden. De belangrijkste veranderingen die in bèta 7 zijn doorgevoerd zijn hieronder voor je samengevat. Kodi v17 “Krypton” The last Beta 7 It’s almost Christmas and as such we wanted to bring you the last Beta version of Kodi 17. This means we have good hopes we have squashed the biggest and known issues and up next we will go to Release Candidates which in the end will result in the final release. However let’s not get ahead of ourselves and first gather some more feedback on testing this Beta 7 version. The changes for this seventh an last beta are the result of the continuous effort from the developers, either from inside the team or outside to get v17 into final release shape. We sure would like to thank every one involved with either development, testing or simply helping out others with answering their questions. Fixes done in this Beta 7: Update Estuary and Estouchy skin with some bugfixes Enable IEC61937 audio passthrough support on Android for DTS-HD, TrueHD, DTS:X and ATMOS in case the Android version supports this Fix PVR channel OSD display conditions Fix possible crash in PVR EPG Fix multiple selection in file browser Fix duplicate context menu for PVR recordings Fix wrong window size on OSX Fix problem on Windows that currently in use skins couldn’t be updated Further improvement of cmake build system Various other improvements and fixes A full list can be found here. Delen Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Design en multimedia Gom Player 2.3.10.5266 Realtek HD Audio 2.80 Gerelateerde producten Kodi geen prijs bekend Versienummer: 17.0 bèta 7 Releasestatus: Beta Besturingssystemen: Windows 7, Android, Linux, macOS, Windows Vista, iOS, Windows 8, Windows 10 Website: Kodi Download: http://kodi.tv/download Bestandsgrootte: 79,50MB Licentietype: GPL Updategeschiedenis 30-12 Kodi 17.0 RC 1 19-12 Kodi 17.0 bèta 7 01-12 Kodi 17.0 bèta 6 29-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 5 25-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 4 05-10 Kodi 17.0 bèta 3 20-09 Kodi 17.0 bèta 2 25-08 Kodi 17.0 bèta 1 05-07 Kodi 17.0 'Krypton' Alpha 2 24-04 Kodi 16.1 Moderatie-faq• Wijzig weergave Sorteer op: Kwaliteit - beste threads eerst Kwaliteit - slechtste threads eerst Tijd - oudste threads eerst Tijd - nieuwste threads eerst Weergave: Threaded Plat Reacties (54) -154053+135+22+30Ongemodereerd4 1 2 Volgende +2 FREAKJAM 19 december 2016 12:51 Estuary heeft de laatste tijd sowieso vrij veel bugfixes. De echte fanatiekelingen die niet kunnen wachten op een nieuwe beta van Kodi (of natuurlijk de final release) kunnen tussendoor de Estuary skin updaten middels Github. Simpelweg de skin.estuary map vervangen in je program files\kodi\addons folder. (of een git pull doen met Git for Windows). [Reactie gewijzigd door FREAKJAM op 19 december 2016 12:51] Reageer +1 LessRam @FREAKJAM • 19 december 2016 17:00 Estuary geeft mij nog niet al de mogelijkheden die ik wil. Ik gebruik momenteel Titan als skin, deze geeft mega veel instellingen. Eigenlijk te veel en soms wat buggy, maar het uiteindelijke resultaat is wel zoals ik het wil. Ik ben vooral gefocust op muziek vanaf ext. harddisk, en wat minder op films. Terwijl de meeste skins vooral focussen op films. Cover art, full screen en bedieningsknoppen onderin continue (dus niet na 10/20/30 secs uit beeld), artiest info, disc info e.d. Er is niet een skin echt in gespecialiseerd. Daar tegenover zoek ik een skin die heeeeel basaal is, voor iemand anders die eigenlijk alleen maar films wil kijken vanaf harddisk, en geen muziek, youtube etc nodig heeft. Ook zo'n skin heb ik tot noch toe niet gevonden. De Titan skin helemaal uitkleden en vervolgens in demo-mode zetten is het enige dat ik kan bedenken. Reageer +1 FREAKJAM @LessRam • 19 december 2016 17:22 Ik ben zelf persoonlijk fan van Arctic Zephyr (From Ashes mod) en Aeon MQ6 (Krypton Mod). MQ7 is nog niet zo heel erg lang uit voor Jarvis, dus een Krypton-release zal nog wel even duren. Ik gebruik MQ zelf al sinds de oorspronkelijke versie, dus die krijgt altijd snel wel de voorkeur. Mimic vind ik trouwens ook wel fijn, dat is een mix van de Refocus en Arctic Zephyr skin. Probeer het een beetje uit en check het forum van Kodi eens. Lang niet alle skins staan in de official Kodi Repo. Zo heb je een mod van Estuary die bijvoorbeeld ook meer views heeft, en zo heb je ook nog een aantal Work in Progress skins. [Reactie gewijzigd door FREAKJAM op 19 december 2016 17:25] Reageer +1 Jorgen Kodi @FREAKJAM • 19 december 2016 23:09 Eminence 1 en 2 en hun mods waren ook fantastische skins. Helaas niet voor Kodi 17/18, maar wel voor 16. Er was geen enkele skin die het langer dan een paar dagen uithield bij mij; ik keerde altijd terug naar Confluence. Tot ik Eminence tegenkwam. Fantastische skin en een geweldige mod. Reageer +1 FREAKJAM @Jorgen • 19 december 2016 23:15 De Github versie van Eminence 2.0 is Krypton compatible. Volgende week verwacht de dev dat het geupdate zal worden in de Kodi repo. (Ik gok met nog wat fixxes). Ik heb de skins van deze skinner (jurialmunkey) ook altijd super gevonden. Tijdje terug de beste man ook wat "biertjes" gedoneerd als dank. Reageer +1 Jorgen Kodi @FREAKJAM • 20 december 2016 00:06 Wat het mooie is van jurialmunkey en Guilouz (dev van de mod) is dat ze altijd heel erg open hebben gestaan richting hun gebruikers qua suggesties implementeren en bugfixes oplossen. Hun topics waren altijd erg actief, zowel van meedenkende gebruikers als van de beide devs zelf. Ik denk dat ik voor Kodi 17 eerst Estuary mod van Guilouz ga proberen, maar als die niet bevalt dat ik dan jurialmunkey's Eminence erop gooi. Bedankt voor de tip. Reageer +2 devil-strike 19 december 2016 12:18 10 bit hevc geldt alleen voor windows, onder Linux werkt het nog niet(ffmpeg moet dit nog inbouwen), alhoewel gister de eerste libreelec uitgekomen is met experimental hardware hevc 10bit support. libreelec http://forum.kodi.tv/show...62&pid=2481006#pid2481006 met ffmpeg hevc 10bit support(experimental) Let wel op de libreelec versie met 10bit hevc maakt gebruik van early alpha versie kodi18. [Reactie gewijzigd door devil-strike op 19 december 2016 15:30] Reageer +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @devil-strike • 19 december 2016 13:21 Ten overvloede wellicht: Deze hevc-10bit versie van LibreELEC wordt gebaseerd op Kodi 18 nightly, dus niet op Kodi 17 final. Kodi 18 draait ook al op een nieuwe MyVideos108, er is dus geen compatibiliteit met Kodi 17 voor diegenen met een shared MySQL database. [Reactie gewijzigd door Klojum op 19 december 2016 13:22] Reageer +1 Pixal 19 december 2016 12:55 Ik draai al een aantal beta's op de Nvidia Shield. Sinds de laatste 2 beta's moet ik vaak de hele Shield herstarten omdat het beeld gaat haperen. Wanneer het beeld eenmaal hapert gebeurt dit ook in de Android omgeving, dus niet alleen in Kodi, maar het onstaat wel steeds in Kodi. Niemand anders hiermee? Reageer +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @Pixal • 19 december 2016 13:17 Ik zou gewoon wachten tot Kodi 17 final uit, zodat 'koyin' zijn ding kan doen met SPMC. Want hij is de echte Android-developer voor Kodi, en gebruikt ook een Shield TV voor de ontwikkeling van SPMC. Ik weet 't, het is lastig al dat wachten Reageer +1 Pixal @Klojum • 19 december 2016 15:38 Ja als ik een beta zie met 1 functie die ik wil hebben (zoals DTS-HD ondersteuning in Kodi 17) kijk ik al niet meer naar andere zaken. Vandaar dat ik deze beta dus ook al draai ookal was het iets te vroeg. En ondanks veel minder enthousiaste geluiden ben ik zeer blij met de nieuwe skin en wil ik niet meer terug naar 16. Reageer +1 rb338 @Pixal • 19 december 2016 12:59 Heb ik ook af en toe idd. Kodi sluiten en opnieuw starten lost het voor mij op, ik hoeft dus niet de hele Shield te herstarten. Had er met SPMC nooit last van, de laatste nightlies (van afgelopen 2 weken) zijn de eerste Krypton builds die ik draai. Vanavond eens kijken of het met beta 7 opgelost is! [Reactie gewijzigd door rb338 op 19 december 2016 13:00] Reageer +1 twaekers @Pixal • 19 december 2016 13:05 ...ik denk een nvidia probleem, na de laatste update ineens geen ondersteuning meer voor veel apps. Dit terwijl het met voorgaande firmware wel kon allemaal. Het lukt op een gegeven moment wel maar meestal dan via een force vanuit je webbrowser (google play). Erg vreemd een duister af en toe die nvidia shield TV. Beetje over-hyped allemaal. (weet iemand hoe je eenvoudig een firmaware terug kan?) [Reactie gewijzigd door twaekers op 19 december 2016 13:06] Reageer +1 headphoneguy 19 december 2016 12:33 Ik zie niks in de changelog over de refresh rate issue op Android(nvidia shield tv). Als het in deze build nog niet netjes is zet ik mn build over naar spmc! Reageer +1 Ortep @headphoneguy • 19 december 2016 12:54 Wat is het probleem? Ik heb een Shield maar merk niets bijzonders? Reageer +1 headphoneguy @Ortep • 19 december 2016 13:09 Bij de setting: adjust display refresh rate loopt kodi geregeld vast omdat deze switch niet goed verloopt. Spmc is heeft shield specific patches aangebracht aan kodi. Reageer +1 Idiocracy @headphoneguy • 19 december 2016 12:54 Zover ik weet is er geen verschil tussen die twee. Reageer +1 boompjes 19 december 2016 13:20 Kodi ziet er goed uit! Ik ben nog steeds niet zo fan van die android boxjes. Allemaal vragen ze vrij veel handelingen om in Kodi. Hetgeen wat nog steeds echt mist is een "killer remote". De remote van de Apple TV is zo ontzettend handig in gebruik, ik wil nooit meer wat anders. Als ze dat nou eens zouden maken en Kodi meer als een OS maken en minder als een softwarepakket hebben ze een goed product. Reageer +1 Lienuks @boompjes • 19 december 2016 13:28 yatse. https://play.google.com/s...oid.yatsewidgetfree&hl=nl [Reactie gewijzigd door Lienuks op 19 december 2016 13:31] Reageer +1 RL600 @Lienuks • 19 december 2016 13:45 -KNIP- verkeerde artikel [Reactie gewijzigd door RL600 op 19 december 2016 13:46] Reageer +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @boompjes • 19 december 2016 13:42 Meer als OS? Kodi is nu eenmaal een applicatie. Welk OS je daar onderschuift, is aan jou. Linux, Windows, Android, OSX. Het kan allemaal, Kleiner als LibreELEC kun je een Kodi-opzet niet maken. Reageer 0 Bart_Smith @boompjes • 20 december 2016 09:25 De Nvidia Shield TV remote lijkt erg veel op die van Apple TV, ik heb ze beide en de Nvidia versie ligt beter in de hand, geen losse batterijen en opladen via USB. En Kodi als Os voor de Shield TV zou ik niet willen, dan mis ik mijn Netflix en Ziggo Go apps Reageer 0 MacPoedel @boompjes • 30 december 2016 13:31 Kodi als OS, dat zijn LibreELEC of OpenELEC, een zo kaal mogelijke Linux distributie met als enige GUI Kodi. De opzet daarvan is niet veel anders dan wat Apple doet met Apple TV. Remote, tsja een softwarepakket komt nu eenmaal niet met hardware. Kodi is in elk geval wel compatibel met afstandsbedieningen, maar welke je kunt of moet gebruiken is afhankelijk van waar je het op gebruikt. Android boxjes komen met een infrarood afstandsbediening (of Air Mouse als het toestel een gewone versie van Android draait en geen Android TV), voorbeelden van Android TV boxen met goede afstandsbedieningen zijn de Nvidia Shield TV of Xiaomi Mi Box. Draai je Kodi op een pc of Raspberry Pi dan kun je een infraroodontvanger aansluiten of bv een Logitech Harmony gebruiken. En los van het platform kun je Kodi ook altijd bedienen met apps, bv Yatse of Kore. Reageer +1 XaeonBE 19 december 2016 12:10 Bijna klaar voor RC it seems! Kan niet wachten! Reageer +1 rb338 @XaeonBE • 19 december 2016 12:28 Ik kon ook niet wachten en ben na de release van beta 6 overgestapt van SPMC 16.4 naar Kodi 17 nightly Voornamelijk omdat ik erg veel last had van sync issues tussen audio en video bij het kijken naar live TV. En gelukkig is dat opgelost! Af en toe nog wat last van crashes, maar daarvoor is het een beta. Zo te zien is de kans groot dat beta 7 een stuk stabieler is, dus ik ga hem vanavond proberen Verder heb ik geprobeerd te wennen aan Estuary, ik vind het een mooie skin maar ben toch weer terug naar Arctic:Zephyr. Dit alles op een NVidia Shield TV en een Chinees Android apparaatje... Reageer +1 CycloneCleaver @rb338 • 19 december 2016 13:23 NVidia shield, ik vind dit een mega interessant apparaat. Ik heb echter bij Kodi soms nog het probleem dat ik de melding krijg dat hij mijn bluray ISO niet kan openen. Als ik de ISO dan mount en zelf de hoofdfilm zoek, kan ik deze openen met Kodi, en dan is er niks aan de hand. Ik ben er nog niet achter gekomen of het op Android ook mogelijk is een ISO op dezelfde wijze te mounten. Iemand die hier een antwoord op heeft? Reageer +1 rb338 @CycloneCleaver • 19 december 2016 13:52 Ik heb zelf niet veel ISO's, maar de BluRay ISO die ik laatst heb geprobeerd werkt "gewoon". Ik merk alleen dat het bijna een minuut duurt voordat Kodi met de hoofdstuk keuze komt, en tot die tijd blijft alles hangen. Zodra je een hoofdstuk gekozen hebt, speelt de film prima. Menu's boeien me niet zo en heb ik nooit geprobeerd aan de praat te krijgen Mounten is dus allemaal niet van toepassing, een ISO staat in mijn bibliotheek zoals iedere andere film en wordt ook zo afgespeeld. [Reactie gewijzigd door rb338 op 19 december 2016 13:53] Reageer +1 CycloneCleaver @rb338 • 20 december 2016 05:13 Kodi ondersteund inderdaad helemaal geen menu's bij blu-ray's. Hij vraagt me gewoon wat ik wil afspelen, en daar staat dan gewoon de hoofdfilm bovenaan, dit werkt prima. Het is alleen soms wat moeilijker bij series op blu-ray, maar ook wel te doen. Het probleem is dat Kodi soms weigert de ISO te openen, en net doet of ik hem niet aanklik. Soms krijg ik ook een melding dat hij het niet kan afspelen. Als ik dat de boel zelf mount en in de mappen naar de hoofdfilm zoek en de hoofdfilm probeer af te spelen is er geen probleem. Vandaar dat ik dit vroeg! Eerst een hele ISO uitpakken om spontaan een film te kijken werkt dan niet fijn, en op Windows heb ik een work around, op android nog niet. Dat is het enige dat me tegen houdt om voor een shield te gaan! Reageer +1 wabsta 19 december 2016 12:42 Op mijn Amazon Firestick kon bij beta 6 (wellicht eerdere beta's ook) ineens geen gewone h264 mkv's meer worden afgespeeld. Ik kon bepaalde renderers uitzetten, maar dan werd het te traag om te kijken. Als iemand mij kan vertellen of dat in deze versie is opgelost, zodat ik niet weer mn configuraties en addons voor niks om zeep help, graag. Reageer +1 berto52 19 december 2016 14:00 Ik mis in de Estuary skin nog steeds bij Videos, Library, Playlists view: Thumbnail (en andere opties). In de Confluence skin is de view optie wel aanwezig. Reageer +1 Agima! 19 december 2016 14:16 Weet iemand hoe het zit met "•Enable IEC61937 audio passthrough support on Android for DTS-HD, TrueHD, DTS:X and ATMOS in case the Android version supports this" Volgens Wikipedia ;"Een andere veelgebruikte toepassing van de S/PDIF-interface is het transporteren van gecomprimeerde digitale audio zoals gedefinieerd in de standaard IEC 61937. Deze modus wordt gebruikt om een dvd-speler aan een home theater-receiver te verbinden die Dolby Digital of DTS surround sound ondersteunt. Lossless formaten zoals Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD Master Audio worden niet ondersteund." Kan er HD audio over een SPDIF kabel met deze update? Reageer 0 hardware-lover Kodi Design en multimedia @Agima! • 19 december 2016 14:50 De snelheid (bandbreedte) van spdif staat maximaal AC3 en DTS toe en verder geen HD-audio formaten. Reageer 0 basix @Agima! • 19 december 2016 15:39 nee, helaas past dit niet ivm te weinig bandbreedte die er via spdif aanwezig is. lossless surround formaten zoals truehd en dts-hd ma kan je alleen via hdmi transporteren. Reageer +1 windows8fan 19 december 2016 12:18 Mooi moment om binnenkort mijn HTPC eens opnieuw te installeren (Windows 10 upgrade) en dan Kodi vanuit de WIndows store te installeren met als doel zo min mogelijk vervuiling op de PC. Reageer 0 darkjeric @windows8fan • 19 december 2016 12:50 Als dat je doel is kijk je toch best ook eens naar iets als LibreElec. Windows 10 heeft een hele hoop extra 'vervuiling' die je op een HTPC niet echt nodig hebt Reageer 0 preske @darkjeric • 19 december 2016 13:08 Ben je dan niet gewoon beter van een raspi of gelijkwaardig toestel aan te schaffen? Keuzes genoeg die op android lopen, zodat je dus ook gewoon de netflix app kunt gebruiken. Reageer 0 wvc_ @preske • 19 december 2016 14:06 Zal wel lastig worden als je hevc materiaal wilt gaan afspelen Reageer 0 preske @wvc_ • 20 december 2016 13:14 Odroid kan dat perfect (geen idee of ie dat ook kan met 10bit) dus ik neem aan dat er nog andere zijn die dat ook kunnen. Reageer 0 wvc_ @preske • 20 december 2016 13:25 Ik had het specifiek over de/een RPi Reageer -1 DigitalExcorcist @darkjeric • 19 december 2016 12:52 0 Terrestrial @DigitalExcorcist • 19 december 2016 13:00 Helemaal mee eens maar je hebt wel windows nodig als je ook netflix/videoland etc wil kijken. Vanuit Kodi werkt dat helaas nog steeds niet. Laat ze daar is wat aan gaan doen. Niet dat ik zo'n Netflix liefhebber ben, ik download liever alles wat los en vast zit maar voor veel mensen is dit een pijnpunt die de acceptatie van kodi verslechterd. Reageer +1 Klojum Design en multimedia @Terrestrial • 19 december 2016 13:10 Er is wel wat gesproken tussen Kodi en Netflix, maar daar is nog niets concreets uitgekomen. Netflix schijnt o.a. graag een uniforme UI hebben, en dat is in Kodi niet 1-2-3 op te lossen. Reageer 0 DigitalExcorcist @Terrestrial • 19 december 2016 13:02 Maar kun je Kodi niet 'gewoon' downloaden dan? Als je een vlot systeem wil zal je sowieso 75% van alles in Windows 10 eruit moeten slopen.. om te beginnen die compleet overbodige Windows Store.. Ik heb zelf meer devices waar Netflix op kan dan dat er in m'n abonnement passen (tablets, WiiU, PS4, laptops, smart TV...) [Reactie gewijzigd door DigitalExcorcist op 19 december 2016 13:03] Reageer +1 Ragnar9999 @DigitalExcorcist • 19 december 2016 13:16 HTPC met windows 10 en de laatste nightly van KODI Ding is wel dedicated, over vlotheid niets te klagen Reageer +1 windows8fan @DigitalExcorcist • 19 december 2016 13:27 Daar ben ik het niet mee eens. De apps uit de store draaien in een sandbox. Ze hebben veel minder invloed op het systeem dan de ouderwetse applicaties. Bij het verwijderen blijft er verder niks achter en updates worden automatisch geinstalleerd. Daarnaast gebruik ik mijn HTPC voor file opslag en voor Torrex, dus een uitgekleed OS heb ik geen behoefte aan. En een halve minuut opstarttijd inclusief Kodi vind ik acceptabel. Reageer 1 2 Volgende Om te kunnen reageren moet je ingelogd zijn Reactie formulier Reageer: Gom Player 2.3.10.5266 Realtek HD Audio 2.80 Nintendo Switch Google Pixel Sony PlayStation VR Samsung Galaxy S8 Apple iPhone 7 Dishonored 2 Google Android 7.x Watch_Dogs 2 Adverteren Contact Weergaveopties Over Tweakers Jouw privacy Algemene voorwaarden Cookies Feedback Volg @tweakers Like Tweakers Rss-feeds © 1998 - 2017 de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Tweakers vormt samen met o.a. Autotrack en Carsom.nl de Persgroep Online Services B.V. • Hosting door True
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming CES 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: Christmas Gift Guide Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / Samsung Notebook 9 gets Kaby Lake refresh – and slick new design Samsung Notebook 9 gets Kaby Lake refresh – and slick new design by Sean Keach 19 December 2016 0 shares Read Comments Samsung has updated its Notebook 9 line-up with powerful new hardware and several minor design tweaks. The Samsung Notebook 9 in 13.3-inch and 15-inch variants will soon be available with Intel’s new 7th-generation processors – the Kaby Lake series.The smaller model will be available with Core i5 and Core i7 variants, while the larger 15-inch version only ships with an i7 Kaby Lake CPU. The new Notebook 9 (2017) now also comes with faster storage and memory. On the larger model, you’ll be able to get up to 8GB of of DDR4 dual-channel memory, while the 13.3-inch i7 model can be configured with up to 16GB of DDR4 dual channel RAM. And the 15-inch model comes with up to 256GB of storage – specifically, a PCIe NVMe solid state drive. As far as the display goes, both models ship with Full HD resolution screens that have a maximum brightness of 350 nits. You’ll get relatively wide 178-degree viewing angles, and a 95% sRGB colour gamut. There’s also an outdoor mode that knocks the peak brightness up to 500 nits, as well as a High Dynamic Range mode for video playback. Both laptops come equipped with two 1.5W speakers, a 720p camera, and support for various connection methods, including 802.11 ac (2x2) Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1. The keyboard is backlit, and features a fingerprint sensor to boot. But it’s the slick design that could woo many buyers, with Samsung flogging the 13.3-inch model at a weight of just 1.8 pounds – that’s less than 1kg, and Samsung claims it makes the Notebook 9 the lightest notebook on the market. The laptops also feature an “ultra-slim bezel” with a near edge-to-edge display. Unfortunately, it’s not clear when Samsung plans to begin selling the laptops – or at what price they’ll be available. The move could be seen as curiously timed, as we’re now so close to Christmas, and also very close to January’s CES 2017 – the annual Las Vegas technology tradeshow. It would have seemed likely that new notebooks would be announced at the show, but Samsung may still decide to showcase the laptops on site in any case. Related: Best Laptops 2016 Watch: CES 2017 – What to expect What do you think of the new Notebook 9? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Samsung Notebook 9 13", Intel Core i5-6200U, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, Windows 10 NEW $897.00 View Item New Samsung 11.6" Intel Dual Core 2.16GHz 2GB RAM 16GB eMMC BT Chrome OS WiFi $164.99 View Item Samsung R480 Laptop - Very Used - i3 2.13Ghz 4GB RAM 460GB HDD - Keyboard Issues 2 bids $32.98 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Last few super early bird tickets available for Inspirefest 2017 Hazel Moore: Banks are completely wasting valuable customer data The danger of pushing design decisions downstream Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months Twitter management drained in 2016, as 60pc leave their role Accenture Q1 profits surge as high-growth areas shine Facebook data requests from governments jumped 27pc in 2016 Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn Congress group agrees with Apple: Encryption back doors are a security threat Data politics and the internet of things EU: Snooper’s Charter ‘not justified in democratic society’ Microsoft wins $927m tech support deal with US military Infosec expert, blockchain entrepreneur and more added to Inspirefest line-up €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland North-South interconnector gets An Bord Pleanála go ahead Ireland to be first country in Europe to roll out 5G geographically Cuba to allow internet access at home for the first time Start-up of the week: Flender Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise Teamwork’s Daniel Mackey: Coding Cork’s digital culture Sugru secures £4m in funding for international expansion 30 Irish tech start-ups to watch in 2017 Tyrone start-up Waste Systems raises €1.2m investment to go global ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Only research that connects with real people can make a difference 12 facts you didn’t know about Christmas ESA releases stunning image of Chinese mountain range New Ebola vaccine provides 100pc protection against virus Women secured more than half of SFI ‘Starting Investigator’ grants in 2016 Green light given as 1km solar panel road opens in Normandy Graphene found to transport huge currents on the nano scale Latest report suggests IoT devices will number 46bn by 2021 Drone driving tests: New drone safety rules proposed in the UK Zuckerberg: AI is both closer than we think, and really far away Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer had very strong antlers Tyndall develops ‘smart knee’ to accelerate surgery recovery How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How much money will your degree get you? Irish professionals choosing UK, with Brazilians filling the gaps Not all generations point to tech in the workplace 7 jobs robots will steal from us in the future 8 questions you need to ask yourself about relocating Ireland has one of the worst gender gaps in the EU To succeed in tech, ‘recognise and honour your uniqueness’ How to become the perfect UX designer How to hide your job search from your employer How to upskill easily without doing a course How to answer the toughest interview questions Want to be an IT contractor? Ask yourself these questions first Video game developer Brianna Wu plans to run for US Congress Designing a runway revolution: ‘To go viral, you need a virus’ 10 Twitter influencers you need to follow for expert career advice 30 incredible Irish people leading a European invasion European Digital Girl of the Year winners revealed Life is a story, so how will you tell yours? 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist Risk takers in high demand at Aon’s Centre for Innovation and Analytics What is ‘Refer Me Please’? Incredible 20,160 jobs announced in Ireland this year 2,140 new jobs for Ulster in stellar 2016 Munster nets 5,494 jobs in 2016, with big wins for Cork and Limerick ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Deaths in 2016 dominated Wikipedia’s top 10 list of edits this year Twitter tweaks tweets: Search results to be displayed by relevance Facebook will now notify you when it thinks you’re looking at fake news Facebook creates Parents Portal to help keep children safe online 2016 Google Year in Search: What did Ireland search this year? ISPCC warning: ‘Cyber safety is the child protection issue of our time’ Tesla reveals where its first Irish charging point will be AirPods arrive on the Apple Store for €179 Skype Translator can now call mobiles and landlines All screen, no filler: Samsung Galaxy S8 may look radically different Android app updates to get smaller, saving space on your phone Android Pay pips past Apple Pay to launch in Ireland first 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays Social saves the radio star: Facebook reveals Live Audio platform Facebook Messenger reveals group video with Snapchat-like selfie filters New ears’ resolution: 10 of the best podcasts to listen to in 2017 Radio Garden: Discover a whole world of audio Amazon Prime finally challenges Netflix with Irish release ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 Adele and Conor McGregor star in top trending videos of 2016 ALL Marketing’s greatest trick is embracing storytelling Want to work in tech? Hack your career with Code First: Girls Start-ups showcase creations at IndieBio EU 2016 demo day Helixworks is the first start-up to offer DNA data storage on Amazon Maureen Taylor on why simplifying communication doesn’t mean dumbing down Tyndall Technology Days 2016: Powering the Future Internet ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Tech predictions for 2017: Bots, blockchain and smarter things by John Kennedy 19 Dec 2016628 Shares What does tech look like in 2017? Image: Fer Gregory In his predictions for 2017, John Kennedy forecasts how blockchain will be about more than money, IT will move to the clouds and bots will become humanity’s new best friends. Predicting the future in tech is never an easy business, mainly because tech companies are, by nature, secretive and like to have the last word. Any time I predict what Apple is up to, for example, I always end on the line: “But only Apple really knows.” Because that is simply the truth. But no one could have foreseen the events of 2016. We witnessed the election of Donald Trump to the US presidency, the loss of so many stars who wrote the soundtracks to our lives, the tragic killings in Nice and the bloody endgame in Aleppo, which will always be a shame for the world to remember. Predictions for 2017 build on a crazy 2016 In tech, it was business as usual with very few real surprises; except maybe for Apple killing off the headphone jack in its iPhones; fake news infecting Facebook and allegedly influencing the US elections; Putin’s government hacking America; exploding Samsung Galaxy Note7s; hacking getting out of control, especially with ransomware and leaks to Wikileaks; Apple taking on the FBI; no one wanting to buy Twitter; Vine dying on the leaf; and mega acquisitions, such as Facebook buying LinkedIn and Verizon buying Yahoo. It all sounds like a rousing verse from R.E.M.’s It’s the End of the World as We Know It… On the home front in Ireland, the biggest news was the European Commission lobbying a €13bn tax levy against Apple to the chagrin of the latter and the Irish Government; Britain’s decision to Brexit the EU; the stalling and stalling of the National Broadband Plan; and of course, mega acquisitions such as Verizon’s decision to buy Fleetmatics for $2.4bn and Intel’s acquisition of Movidius for an alleged sum $300m. So, dear reader, what will 2017 hold for us through the tech lens? Blockchain will be about more than just payments If there was one breakthrough technology of 2016, it had to be blockchain: the enabling smart ledger technology that was fundamental to the rise of cryptocurrencies like bitcoin and a whole slew of new fintech start-ups and platforms. But more and more experts are coming to the conclusion that blockchain technology could be very useful in ways that go beyond fintech or cryptocurrencies. The ingenious automated technology could end up being an enabling force for a panoply of platforms and uses, such as network and systems management. The key is the digital trail of crumbs: blockchain technology – which underpins emerging digital, virtual or cryptocurrencies – consists of blocks that hold timestamped batches of recent valid transactions, which form a chain with each block reinforcing those preceding it. Pay close attention to an interview I did with Seamus Cushley, PwC’s expert on blockchain who runs the company’s blockchain lab in Belfast. Cushley indicated that in the last nine months of 2016, some $1.4bn of investment went into blockchain start-ups. According to Cushley, blockchain is being investigated not only as a way to enable the viable exchange of contracts for value in everything from FX trading to property acquisitions and more, it foretells the future structure of the internet as we know it. The future of work If, like me, you witnessed the onset of the internet being heralded as a revolution in how we work, leading to all kinds of newfangled ways of working, such as teleworking, e-working or nearshoring… you were had. Our lives were meant to get easier, there would be more quality time with loved ones, more time to be creative… wrong. The digital world has created a noose that means people are working longer hours. Countries like France have even passed laws preventing employers from emailing workers after certain hours. As skills shortages rise, stress levels soar and entrepreneurship becomes more appealing to talented young executives eager to break free of the rat race, employers will be forced to reassess how they conduct relationships with workers. How do they retain talent, get the best out of enthusiastic people and ensure health levels are optimal? ‘What is the future of work?’ is a question that employers and employees alike will obsess over in 2017 and beyond. Creative companies that value human capital will examine new ways of working, pilot intrapreneurship endeavours to help sate the entrepreneurial wanderings of top talent, vent creative frustrations and ultimately find the key to a quality work/life balance. The old mantra that work should not just be a place to go, but somewhere you actually enjoy going to, might be dusted off and given a new shine. Time will tell, however, if questions of the future of work will be a meaningful cause or just more management consulting navel-gazing. Fintech goes mainstream In parallel with the arrival in Ireland of mobile wallet services like Android Pay (recently) and Apple Pay (eventually), smartphone-toting consumers are going to embrace fintech apps as a cleverer way of managing their money. Think of these apps as the Swiss Army knives of finance. Companies like Dublin and London-based Circle – which enables users to instantaneously transfer funds to friends and family via the app or by text message on the iPhone, using blockchain as a core enabler and Barclays as a licensed service provider – are at the forefront of this trend. Rather than displacing banks as some had feared, this signals a gradual move by banks to employ fintech apps on the front line as an easier and more cost-effective way to deal with consumers, while enabling them to focus on more productive, higher value work as branches become fewer. Expect banks to employ programmes to franchise fintech apps or initiate outright acquisitions in 2017. Machine learning becomes a discipline and no longer confused with AI For too long, artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning have been lumped into the same conversation. That is going to change in 2017, as a broader understanding of what AI is all about pervades the tech industry. Machine learning is remembering and AI is thinking, remembering, deciding and acting. Quite simply, machine learning in apps and internet services is all about improving as time goes on, learning and assimilating users’ tastes and preferences – for example, for airline travel or hotels. AI, on the other hand, powers the bots that have conversations with the users and employs machine learning as one powerful subset of a myriad of capabilities. Start-ups and established tech players that use machine learning, which I have met on the trail from Amsterdam to Lisbon in the past year, are quite clear that it is not to be confused with full AI. Beautiful bots Humankind’s friendship with bots – or automated artificial agents – will be cemented in 2017. Facebook is currently leading the charge, creating experiences where already it is hard to decipher whether you are talking to a human or a machine. This portends major changes for the future of customer relationship management, which no doubt Microsoft, Salesforce and fast-growing companies like Intercom are watching very closely. Could bots be mankind’s next best friend? Tech leaders will be the new business leaders The digital economy is the economy. Across the world in 2016, thousands of traditional businesses went to sleep one night and awoke the next day as data businesses. The trend will continue in 2017, as the internet, smartphone apps or other digital filters become the aperture through which consumers increasingly transact. You are seeing this on retail floors of stores like River Island, where consumers can shop online and collect in-store, on flights with Ryanair where the digital experience continues long after you check in or check out, and the disruption that players like Airbnb and Uber are causing traditional industries like hospitality and transport, respectively. This is signalling a major transformation in how companies deal with their customers and view their data. According to IDC, 50pc of the Global 2000 companies will be depending on digital products, services and experiences to connect with customers. By 2021, it is forecast that a third of CEOs and COOs of Global 2000 companies will have spent at least five years in a tech leadership role. Cloud will reign eternal From being a mere concept in 2008 to today, where most consumers and executives rely on the cloud consistently – from Facebook and WhatsApp to Dropbox and Office 365 – cloud computing is increasingly becoming the nerve centre of IT infrastructure. Ireland saw major data centre investments and acquisitions in 2016, from Apple building an €850m data centre in Athenry, Co Galway, to Facebook building a massive data centre in Clonee, Co Meath. Combine this with Equinix buying Telecity and its raft of data centres in and around Dublin, and it’s clear that Ireland is in the eye of the data storm. This isn’t just about social media or e-commerce; the reality is that more and more IT infrastructure, which used to exist on premises in companies, will have moved to the cloud. IDC predicts that by 2020, 67pc of enterprise IT infrastructure and software will be in the cloud. By 2018, 60pc of IT will be done off premises and not only that, but 43pc will be processed at the edge by 2019. In a nutshell, cloud won’t be an Amazonian concept (sorry AWS) but rather, a fully fledged reality that is 100pc trusted by users. The fourth platform As cloud’s roots grow deeper, the idea of computing as a thing that sits on our desk or in our hands will dissipate. Even as more and more of the world’s population join the mobile revolution, the golden era of the smartphone is coming to a close. That doesn’t mean the smartphone is going away any time soon, but it will become the lynchpin of a slew of new computing experiences that will draw our eyes elsewhere. Big data, internet of things, virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR), 3D printing, robotics, next-generation security, blockchain – all of these technologies will happen around us, with data being the fabric and the smartphone being the connecting device. In other words, computing experiences will be occur without relying on a primary screen as the conduit. This is the fourth platform. The mainstreaming of AR and VR VR and AR have been slowly entering the fray. 2016 was a significant year that finally saw Microsoft take the wraps off HoloLens, as well as Oculus Rift arriving, along with a slew of competing devices from HTC, Samsung and Sony. VR has been a kind of revolution and it hasn’t. The high-end experiences promised by Oculus and Microsoft are still hampered by computing power. At the lower end, smartphone-based VR experiences from HTC and Samsung – and let’s not forget Google’s Cardboard and similar products which can be found in any supermarket or toy store – are still gimicky. Keep your eyes and ears (no pun intended) open for what Google intends to do with its Daydream headset, which portends a merging of the VR and AR worlds, so the headset can also overlay virtual reality experiences onto the physical world before us. In a sense, this could be the future of the recently shelved Google Glass or the newly launched Snap Spectacles. Expect the games and experiences to become more intelligent and textured. Keep an eye on what Irish firm Immersive VR Education – creators of Apollo and Titanic virtual experiences – has planned in the year ahead, as VR and AR move from novel to to natural. Smart things and voice Like I said, smartphones will occupy less of the stage and give way to smarter things. 2016 saw Amazon up its game with Echo, its voice-based e-commerce service, as well as its Dash buttons, which order consumables like washing powder or nappies in just one touch. Google will be no slouch in 2017, having already revealed its Google Home speech-based product at I/O earlier this year. This is Google’s fourth platform play and the company is closely shadowing, if not exceeding, rivals like Apple on the payments front. 2017 will see a kind of arms race, where players like Amazon and Google will endeavour to become the partner of choice for a whole range of internet of things (IoT) players who see e-commerce as a potent ingredient in their smart things. Facebook acceleration, Oculus telepresence and Slack rivalry Rather than being email killers (if only), most workers are up to their tonsils in additional tools and things to keep an eye on; like Slack, Trello, Wrike, and other digital platforms aimed at simplifying workflow. Others giants like Microsoft (Teams) and Facebook (Workplace) added to the cacophony in 2016. It is high time that someone decided to dominate this space for once and for all with tools that eradicate the need for all the others. There is a golden opportunity for Microsoft to do more to bring Skype and Teams together, or for Facebook to finally reveal its telepresence vision for the future of work with Oculus and Workplace. Keep an eye on other dark horses like Cork-based Teamwork or Salesforce (which almost bought Twitter). They may do something to finally get rid of the screen noise and clutter (sorry, Microsoft) that is the reality of the modern-day worker. The iPhone hits 10, Apple revs up for its newest phase It is hard to believe that it is nearly 10 years since Steve Jobs took to the stage at Apple World in 2006 and said “One more thing …” That one more thing was the iPhone and, having gone through more than seven different phases of the device, Apple will no doubt do something to celebrate the iPhone at 10. Considering the phone’s form factor has remained mostly the same for the last three generations, I expect Apple to reveal a wholly new design to the iPhone to signal its next phase. As I said, only Apple really knows what this form factor will look like, but expect the design to inform all future phone designs from rivals in the Android camp. I mean, why break with tradition? Another next phase for Apple, however, may see the company finally break its silence on what it intends to do with cars. Apple is revving up to be a big noise in the IoT and healthcare spaces, but the idea of an Apple car is still igniting people’s imaginations. Will Apple build a car or just a car OS? Given that Apple has so far dashed expectations on television hardware, the car idea is one that just won’t disappear. Codenamed Project Titan and spearheaded by some of Apple’s top talent and roughly 1,000 workers, Apple may choose the timing of the 10th anniversary of the iPhone to shed some light on the future of the company for the next decade. Will that involve four wheels? Definitely. But will it be an Apple car or OS? We’ll have to wait and see. The Solar revolution Given that Elon Musk’s master plan goes beyond cars and includes trucks, buses and homes, the attractive economies of scale of solar panels are hard to ignore. Musk recently revealed his solar roof concept that would use tiles made of glass, which look like ordinary roof tiles, to power up homes. This might not sound as crazy or unfeasible as you would think, when you consider that Scientific American recently said the average cost of solar models per watt dropped from $22 in 1980 to under $3 today. It suggests that soon, an average solar tile per watt will be $1.75. That makes 2017 a lynchpin year for a whole new revolution in solar energy. But time will tell. Related: internet of things, Cloud, AR, Opinion, social media, VR, Facebook, Apple, AI Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Machines Zombie machines and the data apocalypse: deliver us from evil 24 Oct 201618 Shares Hiring Now Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Join us to create the technology of tomorrow Innovation for mobility and the internet of things Always at the cutting edge of new innovation Business Weekend takeaway: Ireland emerges as a global cloud capital 16 Sep 201622 Shares Companies Lies, damn lies and social media: Facebook defends role in US elections 14 Nov 201610 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Machines Is the goal of democratising AI just a pipe dream? 29 Sep 20167 Shares Enterprise Here are 20 CIO tech predictions for 2017 16 Dec 2016209 Shares Companies Is Facebook opening a new office in Cork? 29 Nov 2016240 Shares Latest News Start-up of the week: Flender 11 hours ago Q&A: Northern Ireland at the crossroads in renewable energy 3 days ago Only research that connects with real people can make a difference 4 days ago Behind the scenes with the most active investor in the UK green economy 5 days ago It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender 6 days ago Value of all bitcoins in circulation soars to $14bn 23 Dec 2016 12 facts you didn’t know about Christmas 23 Dec 2016 Graphene found to transport huge currents on the nano scale 23 Dec 2016 15 fantastic shows to binge on over the holidays 23 Dec 2016 ESA releases stunning image of Chinese mountain range 23 Dec 2016 Nasdaq Europe calling: IPOs are closer to home than start-ups realise 23 Dec 2016 Google releasing two Android Wear devices in coming months 23 Dec 2016 New Ebola vaccine provides 100pc protection against virus 23 Dec 2016 Women secured more than half of SFI ‘Starting Investigator’ grants in 2016 23 Dec 2016 €2.2m scheme to bring 26,000 Irish citizens into the digital world 23 Dec 2016 ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles 23 Dec 2016 How much money will your degree get you? 23 Dec 2016 Canada declares 50Mbps high-speed broadband a basic service for all citizens 23 Dec 2016 Cork broadband player Nova plans a ‘Munster’ 2,000pc expansion in Ireland 23 Dec 2016 Green light given as 1km solar panel road opens in Normandy 22 Dec 2016 10 of the most ridiculous job titles that really exist 22 Dec 2016 Breakthrough research discovers biomarker for concussion 22 Dec 2016 Teamwork’s Daniel Mackey: Coding Cork’s digital culture 22 Dec 2016 Twitter management drained in 2016, as 60pc leave their role 22 Dec 2016 More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion MERRY TECH-MAS From Sony PS4 to the Apple iPhone 7, here are the BEST Christmas gadget gifts We've rounded up the gizmos which will delight any gadget fan who's lucky enough to receive them By LEE BELL 19th December 2016, 11:57 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments IF YOU DIDN’T manage to scoop up the Christmas gifts you were hoping for on the Black Friday sale extravaganza, don’t fret. There’s still plenty of time to grab the prezzies for the gadget lovers in your life. Getty 15 Here are the gadgets you might be hoping Santa will bring you this Xmas And if you don’t know where to start, don’t worry: our resident tech guru Lee Bell has done the leg work for you with a roundup of the best gizmos and gadgets available right now. Whether the special person in your life is a fitness freak or a booze hound, or even if you’re planning to splash out and surprise your loved one with a laptop or tablet, and don’t know which to go for, we’ve got you covered. Here is Lee’s rundown of the essential pieces of tech for the tech lovers out there. Best Laptop: Lenovo Yoga 900 15 If you’re going to go all out and treat someone (or yourself) to a laptop but don’t quite have the funds for a Macbook, the best Windows alternative is the Yoga 900. This is Lenovo’s slimmest convertible yet thanks to its Intel’s latest Core processor. And better still, it’s even thinner than a Macbook Air, measuring just 14.9mm thick. In good old Lenovo Yoga style, the 900’s screen can be flexed 360 degrees, turning the device into a tablet. Something a Macbook can’t do! It’s a fresh, fun and innovative device with fast and responsive performance all built into the slimmest chassis you’ve ever set eyes on.   Best Tablet: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 15 If you or someone special to you is in the market for a brand new tablet this year, the Surface Pro 4 could be a contender, especially if they need a new laptop too, as it can replace that as well. For most tasks you’d require a laptop for, including basic design work, the Surface Pro 4 will do the job. Its price of £635 for the basic model and keyboard means it’s not likely to tempt standard iPad or tablet users, but in place of a laptop the cost becomes more palatable. Whether it’s for a daily work commute, jet-selling lifestyle, or just slouching in front of the TV, the detachable Surface Pro 4 offers high-powered performance in a compact, stylish design.   Best smartphone: Apple iPhone 7 Reuters 15 While die-hard Android fans won’t agree, the iPhone 7 is yet another victory for Apple, and is still the greatest smartphone in the world. It’s by far the best phone on the market right now, so if you’re willing to splash out to get the best handset available this Christmas, this is it. Apple’s new gizmo is, well, a lot like the last one: pretty much perfect, with an even better camera, water resistance and super slick iOS 10 interface. The iPhone 7 starts at £599 SIM free. On contract, EE is offering some great contract deals at the moment, starting from £45.99 a month. But don’t just order online, give them a buzz and see what deal you can squeeze out of them. They’ll always come down in price if you are determined enough. We took a brand new iPhone 7 and threw it down the toilet to see if it is waterproof   Best smartphone on a budget: Xperia X Compact 15 Not everyone has iPhone money. So if you're planning on getting your loved one a smartphone to unwrap this Xmas but can't quite stretch to the £500-plus range, the Sony Xperia X compact is one of our favourites. Priced just over the £350 mark, the Xperia X Compact boasts a stellar design that fits in one hand with a massive 3GB RAM and a super smooth, easy to use interface. But best of all, it has a two-day battery life, meaning you won't find yourself reaching for the charger before you've even got home from work.   Best headphones: Bose QC35 Noise-Cancelling Wireless Headphones 15 If you're looking to drown out those jingle bells this Christmas, these noise-isolating cans are the best you can get your mittens on. Not only are they completely wireless, freeing up your hands to do other important Christmasy things, like munching mince pies, but they can block out all annoying external sounds. If the eardrum-splitting screams of needy children is too much to bear, pop on the Bose QC35 headphones and boom, it's like you're in another, child-free world. Available for £289.95, they don't come cheap, but noise cancellation feature is too good to overlook. It's also well matched with the comfort offered by the earphones' fit and sound, which is smooth in that it doesn't favour either treble or bass. The best over the head earphones you can get right now, hands down.   Best console: Sony PlayStation 4 Slim 15 One of the the world’s bestselling consoles has been on a diet. The PS4 is now slimmer, lighter and even cheaper, especially this Christmas time. Tesco has some great bundle deals starting at just £229.99 with one game with free collection from selected Tesco outlets. With visuals that are more realistic and vivid than what is even possible to see with human eye sees, why wouldn't you want to spend Xmas in another dimension? You can also now step that up a notch and step inside that world with the Playstation VR headset, where you will feel like you're actually part of the game. Sony's VR headset is the future of gaming, and is precisely why the PS4 is our console of choice this Xmas.   Best speaker: Sonos Play:1  15 If you're in the market for the small speak with a big sound, look no further than the Sonos Play:1, the most affordable Sonos player yet. If you're looking to upgrade from a tiny Bluetooth speaker to something with a little more punch, this multiroom speaker doesn't just have a great sound quality and glorious build, it's future proof, as connects to your devices over WiFi, freeing your Bluetooth up for other things, while having a much wider range. Walk anywhere in your without disconnecting, as long as you're connected to WiFi you're good to go. At £149, it's a great compact speaker for rocking around the Christmas tree this festive period.   Best wearable: TomTom Spark 3 15 With GPS, heart rate monitoring and timing tools all in one fitness tracker, the TomTom Spark 3 is an ideal Christmas gift for those looking to get back in shape right after the Christmas binge period. Aimed at runners, cyclists and gym-goers fed up with taking their smartphones on the gym floor, the Spark 3 lets users track activity every sprint, stroll and step as well as see the total time, distance and the calories burned. But best of all, the Spark 3 features built in storage for songs and uses Bluetooth to sync to wireless earphones (included) so you don't have to take your smartphone everywhere you go when working out, giving you more freedom to run, jump or dance around. Being one of our favourite fitness tracking wearables of 2016, the TomTom Spark 3's £220 price tag is - in our opinion - worth every penny. There's also cheaper alternatives available if you're not too fussed about he built in music function.   Best gadget for cult-film lovers: Propel Star Wars Battle Quad drones 15 Yes, it's quite niche, but you can't go far without bumping into a die hard Star Wars fan these days, so if you're wanting to treat your favourite Jedi nerd to something they can't not love, the Battle Quad drones are the way to go. At £229.99 a pop, the drones aren't cheap. But the look on the face of the person opening the box will be worth every penny. It's by far the most impressive product packaging we've ever seen, with the Star Wars theme tune and flashing lights blaring out of the box - literally! The drones come in a range of designs depending on your favourite Star Wars vehicles. There's the T-65 X-wing Starfighter, Darth Vader’s TIE Advanced X1, or the 74-Z Speeder Bike from Return of the Jedi, giving pilots the chance to fly for either the Empire or Rebel Alliance. As well as flying to speeds above 35mph in less than three seconds, a unique flight control algorithm enables special manoeuvres that mimic Star Wars flight patterns, such as forward moving corkscrew rolls. One of our favourite toys this Xmas, especially for the adult-children we know.   Best gadget for him: Braun Series 9 electric shaver 15 Whether you're a clean cut fellow looking to treat himself to a new toy this Christmas, or someone who likes their man to be shaven at all times and wants to give them the biggest hint ever, the Braun Series 9 will do the trick. Combining closeness and skin comfort, the Series 9 is Braun's best razor yet, and cuts more hair in one stroke. A specially designed shaving head captures flat lying hairs and hairs growing in different directions, meaning you won't need to go over the same spot twice, significantly reducing the risk of skin irritation. Perfect for those not wanting a stubble rash that puts Rudolf's nose to shame. Still not convinced by electric razors and fancy a more traditional offering for the favourite smooth-faced man in your life (while saving a bit of dosh)? There's always the Gruum subscription grooming kit. With Gruum, each box is tailored to the man's needs, whether they have a beard, clean shaven, or sensitive skin, and are delivered on a monthly basis from just £10 a month to keep them topped up and the razors staying sharp. No stray hairs this Christmas!   Best gadget for modern nostalgia: Polaroid Snap Touch 15 Remember the good ol' days when you'd take your gigantic Polaroid camera out just for the benefit of instantaneous photos? No? Well, whether you did or you didn't, there's a new camera in town, built on the same premise as before but with some pretty neat tech baked in. The Polaroid Snap Touch is an instant digital camera that allows you to snap, print, and share all of your favorite photos instantly with app-driven creative and new Bluetooth connectivity. Thanks to Zink Zero Ink technology, photos print out instantly without the need for ink cartridges as the ink is built into the photo paper. There's also a 3.5-inch LCD touchscreen in the back so you know what's going to be coming out before you hit the print button. Worthless in the iPhone age, but perfect for nostalgic memorabilia. It's available now for £160. Best gadget for the wannabe barista: Dualit 4-in-1 One Touch coffee machine / DeLonghi ECP31.21 15 Make your favourite coffee drinker happier than a pig in sugar this Christmas with a proper grown up coffee machine that makes them feel like they work in Starbucks. The Dualit 4-in-1 One Touch was our favourite all-in-one coffee maker by far in our most recent espresso-machine tests, and at £180, it's a bargain for those that mean business when it comes to feeding their caffeine addiction. Its patented Pure Pour tech delivers a smooth and consistent flow of espresso with a dense 'crema', while an adjustable frothing arm creates lovely texturised milk for lattes and cappuccinos. On a bit more of a budget but want the same effect? The DeLonghi ECP31.21 Italian Traditional Espresso Coffee Maker can be picked up on Amazon for almost half the price at just £95 and while it doesn't offer as many feature or high build quality, its just as good for bringing out the barista in you.   Best gadget for the forgetful: The Tile Slim 15 As its name suggests, the Tile Slim is a sized-down version of the popular Bluetooth tracker , an ideal stocking filler for that person you know who’s always losing things. Tile is literally that - a plastic tile that pairs with your smartphone via a special app, which you can control so it emits a piercing ringing sound the next time you lose your wallet. And if you've lost your smartphone, the Tile Slim can force it to ring aloud - even if it's switched to silent. What's also great about the Tile Slim is that it's as thin as two credit cards, so can live unobtrusively inside your wallet or purse. And costing just £23 at the moment, you can't not buy one if you're prone to misplacing things.   Best gadget for the booze hound: AlcoSense Excel 'Morning After' Breathalyser   15 'Tis the season to be silly. And it's easier than you think to unintentionally drink drive the morning after a boozy Christmas evening if you went a bit too far with the Bailey's the night before. That should be a thing of the past with this nifty little gadget. The AlcoSense Excel means you'll never accidentally drink drive the next day again. Being the first breathalyser under £100 to use a smaller version of exactly the same sensor used in several UK Police-approved breathalysers, the AlcoSense Excel brings a new level of accuracy and reliability for drivers, a great passive-aggressive Christmas gift for your favourite booze hound friend. We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368     The Sun Topics Gadgets Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News scrapital of culture Bedlam in Hull as boozy revellers cause New Year havoc just as city marks becoming UK Capital of Culture News 'SHE KEEPS ASKING IF SHE'LL SEE THE PRINCESSES' Family devastated after they are booted off easyJet flight - while it was on… News 'I NEVER SAW HIM' George Michael's lover claims he slept in his CAR the night star died – and denies sending 'suicide tweets News PRAWN OF THE DEAD Health bosses order recall of seafood sold by Aldi over Christmas due to deadly bacteria fears News NEW YEAR ARRIVAL Here is Britain’s first baby of 2017 who was born just ONE MINUTE past midnight News Exclusive signed, steal... but not delivered Mum left £1,500 out of pocket after tot's passport was 'signed for by a stranger' News Exclusive yeah smut, no smut We uncover the sordid rise of 'chav porn', a disturbing craze that has surged in popularity over the past… News Video 'SANTA KILLER PICTURED' Cops hunt ISIS killer after deadly Turkey nightclub attack left 39 dead as CCTV show him opening fire News MYSTERY DEATHS Police find parents dead in their car parked on roadside with their three unharmed children inside News STRIP CLUB DEATH MYSTERY Body of British woman, 29, is found in Melbourne strip club TWELVE HOURS after she was last seen… News NEW YEAR'S HEAVE Fights, vomit and sleeping in bins... carnage on Britain's streets as boozed-up revellers celebrate the new… News Video NIGHTCLUB MASSACRE Prime suspect in attack that saw 39 New Year's Eve revellers gunned down in Istanbul recorded sick video… News ICLOUD CELEB GLITCH Woman is shocked to find her brand new iPhone is full of numbers for A-list celebs News 'I STILL HAVE STOMACH CRAMPS' Couple fear they have tapeworms after 'finding eggs in Lidl beef steaks they had eaten' News WTF MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE Man caught naked and moaning as he makes love to a shop doll in the middle of flea market News Most Popular ALL CHANGE? From better wages to more expensive motoring... the new laws coming your way this year Living er, too soon! Samantha Womack sends EastEnders fans into a frenzy by going swimming... hours after Ronnie drowned TV & Showbiz All grown up! Remember Lauren Branning from EastEnders? Here's what she looks like now Living dear deidre I'm having incredible sex with my stepmum and she says she's going to leave my dad to be with me Living Video grim ender The heartbreaking moment EastEnders' Ronnie and Roxy Mitchell die after wedding TV & Showbiz Spoiler DINGLE DEATH? Emmerdale's Lisa Dingle faces her feelings for Zak as she fears he'd been killed in caravan explosion TV & Showbiz NYE TRICK Here's how a mum tricked her kids into thinking it was midnight at 10:30 last night, so she could go to bed early Living SUNSHINE SMILE Holly Willoughby glows in kaftan as she enjoys a stroll with hubby Dan down golden beach in Barbados TV & Showbiz SAM DIFFERENCE X Factor's Sam Bailey, 39, is unrecognisable in flawless Instagram snap that makes her look years younger TV & Showbiz What a cheek Jemma Lucy flashes her bum as she forgets her trousers on New Year's Day outing to McDonald's TV & Showbiz Video BACK TO THE FUTURE EastEnders recreated Ronnie and Roxy's first scene before they drowned in soap shocker TV & Showbiz CHEEKY CHIPPIE REQUEST Cheeky customer puts in order with local chip shop to bring her cold and flu pills... and they oblige Living ‘MY HIGHLIGHT OF 2017’ EastEnders viewers amused at Max Branning’s drug blunder with Dot Cotton TV & Showbiz 'he died, soz' Jason Manford posts his own death hoax on Twitter in bizarre New Year's Eve prank TV & Showbiz LAST NIGHT OF FREEDOM Celebrity Big Brother stars spotted arriving at hotel near Channel 5 studio TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Search Sign in to comment!Login Fox News Home Watch Live Trending Video Watch Live Show Clips News Clips FN Radio Live Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Executive Senate House of Representatives Defense Judiciary Scandals Congress To-Do List U.S. U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Opinion Opinion Home Todd Starnes Judith Miller Juan Williams KT McFarland Dr. Keith Ablow Karl Rove Ric Grenell Entertainment [FOX411] HOME Celebrity News Movies TV Music Style [FOX411] Video Tech Tech Home Gadgets Google Social Military Tech Smartphones Video Games Slideshows Science Science Home Archaeology Air & Space Planet Earth Wild Nature Natural Science Dinosaurs Slideshows Health Health Home Men's Health Women's Health Children's Health Alternative Medicine Diabetes Heart Health Allergies Nutrition & Fitness Travel Travel Home Slideshows In 5 Guides Lifestyle Lifestyle Home Auto Food & Drink Real Estate Recipes Wine with Me World World Home U.N. Conflicts Terrorism Disasters Global Economy Environment Religion Scandals Regions Sports Sports Home NFL MLB NCAA FB Nascar UFC Soccer NBA NHL NCAA BK On Air On Air Home America's News HQ America's Newsroom Cavuto Fox Files Fox & Friends First Fox & Friends Fox & Friends Weekend Fox News Sunday Geraldo Rivera Reports Hannity Happening Now Justice with Judge Jeanine Legends & Lies: The Patriots #mediabuzz On the Record Outnumbered Red Eye w/ Tom Shillue Shepard Smith Reporting Special Report Specials Sunday Morning Futures with Maria Bartiromo The Cost of Freedom The Five The Greg Gutfeld Show The Journal Editorial Report The Kelly File The O'Reilly Factor The Property Man The Real Story War Stories More from Fox News Fox News Fox Business Fox News Latino Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News Expand/Collapse Search Home Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Interviews Donald Trump and Russian interference in US election Published December 19, 2016 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre Email Print This is a RUSH transcript from "The O'Reilly Factor," December 16, 2016. This copy may not be in its final form and may be updated. Watch "The O'Reilly Factor" weeknights at 8 p.m. and 11 p.m. ET! But just a little while ago, I spoke with Trump-Pence Presidential Transition Team Senior Communications Advisor Sean Spicer. (BEGIN VIDEO CLIP) BOLLING: So, Sean, President Obama yesterday was talking to NPR and he has said that he was considering retaliatory moves against Russia given the hacking and what we know. Tell me, he actually said I think there's no daughter when any foreign government tries to impact the integrity of our elections, we need to take action and we will. And the next line was, at a time and a place of our choosing, some maybe explicit and publicize some of it may not be. Now, Sean, does President-Elect Donald Trump want President Obama with 35 days left in his term to get involved with Russia in any way, shape or form? SEAN SPICER, CHIEF STRATEGIST AND COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR, RNC: I think President-elect Trump recognizes that there's one president at a time. President Obama has 30 some odd days left in his term and on January 20th this country will have a new president. Real change will come. While President Obama is president, he has the right to do what he thinks is in the country's best interests and when President-elect Trump becomes President Trump on January 20th, I think whether it's our foreign policy or domestic policy, you're going to see real change come to Washington at this country. BOLLING: Right. But does he want President Obama to step aside and let him take care of it in 35 days or is he willing to deal with whatever Obama decides to do right now? SPICER: Well, I think that the problem that we have right now Eric is this, that we hear a lot of sources that say the following happened or didn't happen on November 17th, the director of National Intelligence James Clapper spoke to the House Intelligence Committee and at that time he said that they had no con exclusive proof that the WikiLeaks and the other revelations were conclusively tied to Russia. Now, if President Obama does have that information and the intelligence conclusively points to it, that he needs to make decisions in a base in the country's best interests. But I think that one of the things that the media keeps conflating is an attempt to say if Russia or other entities are probing, you know, different sites which is what you get all the time, this so-called fishing exercise, where they send e-mails and try to find ways to break through different accounts into data, that's one thing. But there is zero proof that they had any impact on the election in terms of the outcome. And I think that's what's happening now is an attempt by folks on the Left and some folks in the media frankly to de-legitimatize the huge win that Donald Trump had and I think that it's sad because if you think about where we were 38 days ago prior to the election, it was the administration and others in the media saying that we need to have absolutely integrity in our election and anyone who questions it should be, you know, shouldn't be taken seriously because we have so many voting systems, there's no way that you could compromise integrity of our election. So -- BOLLING: But I find it curious that President Obama today said that yes, he knew that we had Intel, that they were hacking yet he choose now, now, yesterday to say in his words, we will take action. SPICER: Well, and I think that if we do -- but one of the things that's really gotten lost in this -- and again, I want to make it very clear to everyone watching, any foreign entity or any entity that seeks to undermine or interfere in a U.S. election should be stopped, fall stop, no question about it. But if you look at what happened, it was Hillary Clinton who had a secret server that wasn't in accordance with government regulations. It was the DNC that didn't came up with their technology security measures that's been reported. It was John Podesta and Hillary Clinton, I mean, and Jennifer Palmieri, Neera Tanden (ph), and David Brock, they wrote the things that got out and it was the mainstream media that covered it. This is not Donald Trump's fault. This is not the Republican's fault. They have brought this scandal to their doorstep and now they are trying to do everything they can to deflect from what they brought to themselves. BOLLING: Okay. Sean, you've been floated as a possible -- the next press secretary. Have you been asked? SPICER: No, I haven't. BOLLING: How will President-elect Donald Trump and President Donald Trump's relationship with the media evolve? What do you expect going forward with that relationship? SPICER: Well, I think that it's a two-way street. For so long the media has held politicians captive because most politicians frankly need the outlet. They need the media to communicate a message. Donald Trump has shown that he more effectively than frankly anybody else, celebrities, politicians, you know, you name it, can effectively get out a message to the American people and have a two-way dialogue with them in a way that no one ever has in our history. And I think that it scares the media, frankly. Now, he understands that the media is a very healthy part of our democracy, they need to be part of the process, but that he doesn't need them in the same way that everybody else has, I think frankly worries them a bit. BOLLING: Yes. And so, will he therefore restructure access that the media has to the presidency. SPICER: No, no, no. Look, look, he is unbelievably transparent. There's a camera from goodness sake in Trump Tower that shows everybody going up and down. We've allowed the press to have access. They're in a pool that follows him now. He understands that they're a healthy part of the democracy, but I think that he also has the ability to speak directly to the American people like no one else has. BOLLING: So there's a thing called the Trump way that we talked about it and you've done things differently and frankly you've won doing things differently. SPICER: Right. BOLLING: How do you think the relationship with the media should change and what should Donald Trump, President Donald Trump be tweeting? SPICER: Well, of course he should be and it's been effective. I think people don't like it sometimes because he does have this direct line to the American people and he frankly in a lot of cases is able to bypass the mainstream media. But to you first question, I think that one of the things that he realized is that he has this dialogue with the American people and he wants to expand it whether it's the Facebook live or Twitter. He has a way to have a back and forth dialogue with the American people that is something very, very unique to him and it's something that he's going to continue to do. But he will continue to -- and then frankly the other thing is that I think the mainstream media has had a strangle hold on a lot of stuff and I think that we've seen conservative media play a much bigger role and they should be brought into this process a lot more as well. BOLLING: All right. Thank you very much, Sean Spicer. We appreciate your time. And by the way, Donald Trump having 30 million Twitter Facebook and Instagram followers. Boy, that is some access that he has -- to the American public. Leave it right there. Sean, thank you. SPICER: Thanks, Eric. Content and Programming Copyright 2016 Fox News Network, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Copyright 2016 CQ-Roll Call, Inc. All materials herein are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of CQ-Roll Call. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content. Advertisement Advertisement Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About On Air Personalities Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2016 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Sponsored StoryPlus Sponsored Features Cars CarsIreland.ie Used Car Search Car Dealers Jobs Jobs Dating TheMeetingPoint.ie Mature Gay Deaths iNotices.ie Deaths FIT Fit magazine Events Magazine Hotels Archive Deals Subscribe Digital Edition Home Delivery Newsletters Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Christmas Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Business In The Workplace Tuesday 3 January 2017 Inside Apple...The best and worst things about working there as employees spill secrets Jim Edwards Published 19/12/2016 | 13:47 0 Comments Share Inside Apple...The best and worst things about working there as employees spill secrets Independent.ie Apple has a strict code of secrecy that it expects all employees to live by. Anyone who breaks it is fired. http://www.independent.ie/business/in-the-workplace/inside-applethe-best-and-worst-things-about-working-there-as-employees-spill-secrets-35305090.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35167837.ece/3e71f/AUTOCROP/h342/tim%20.jpg Email Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California, U.S. October 27, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach Apple has a strict code of secrecy that it expects all employees to live by. Anyone who breaks it is fired. Share Inside Apple...The best and worst things about working there as employees spill secrets Independent.ie Apple has a strict code of secrecy that it expects all employees to live by. Anyone who breaks it is fired. http://www.independent.ie/business/in-the-workplace/inside-applethe-best-and-worst-things-about-working-there-as-employees-spill-secrets-35305090.html http://www.independent.ie/incoming/article35167837.ece/3e71f/AUTOCROP/h342/tim%20.jpg Email Go To Comments Unsurprisingly, employees rarely speak publicly about what it is like to work there. Luckily, there are several Quora threads written by former and current employees devoted to answering questions about life inside the Fruit Company. We put some highlights together with info we got from our own sources, and reports elsewhere. Their comments reveal how employees are prepared to pull all-nighters at a moment's notice, how their trash is monitored by security, and how much they enjoy working with the best. New interns get a box that contains the following hardcore message:   From Christina Quan, Apple software development intern.   If Apple rejects your internship application, forget about trying again. Apple has software that prevents would-be interns from applying twice. So if you're rejected, that's it. According to Mac Consultant Frank Lazar: "Apple is such a golden opportunity for interns that it can be extremely choosy about who gets to play in their circular sandbox. They look for interns with amazing talent, and in their view, if you failed to show evidence of talent the first time around, a little experience somewhere else isn’t going to change anything."   "We don't waste time with the dumb." UX designer Luis Abreu had a grueling job interview process in a failed attempt to get into Apple. He described it on his blog: "3 screening calls, 5 FaceTime interviews, a trip to Cupertino for 5 two-person interviews lasting a whole day and a lunch at the newest Café Macs. In the end, I got a shallow no." During one interview he was told, “We don’t waste time with the dumb.”   Once you get in, "it's a tough place to be if you're more than 20 pounds overweight." Anonymous: "There are a lot more fit and good looking people at Apple, than otherwise. It's actually pretty ridiculous. Almost everyone is really athletic: many people do triathlons, bike races, and marathon. It's a tough place to be if you're more than 20 pounds overweight, but then again, it can also be that extra push you need to get in shape. I know of people who've lost 60 pounds and are no longer pre-diabetic because they started going cycling with their coworkers over lunch."   "Trash bins were monitored." Tim Su wrote this list describing secrecy at Apple: - code names for every product - no one referred to products any other way - team members who are also on "special" teams don't tell their coworkers what they do - black curtains and frosted windows - trash bins were monitored   "Guys in the developer group had to show up for meetings at 4:00am." David Graham, former writer at Apple: "I remember when bleary-eyed guys in the developer group had to show up for meetings at 4:00am to allow for time-zone differences around the world. They had to do it every day, and I’m sure it disrupted their personal lives."   "Apple employees don't just use Macs — they use really buggy Macs, often with really buggy apps." Brent Royal-Gordon, code writer: "Internally, most devices are running test builds of all the software on them, often updating every couple of weeks with the very latest code from the engineering teams. So Apple employees don't just use Macs—they use really buggy Macs, often with really buggy apps. People on the iOS teams often use really buggy iPhones, iPads, and Apple Watches, too. This ensures that the company catches a lot of bugs before anyone on the outside ever sees the software."   Apple products are built in factories that run on ... Microsoft Windows. In 2014, CEO Tim Cook tweeted a photo of an Apple factory in Asia he had visited. The manufacturing line was run using screens that clearly showed Microsoft's Windows operating system. That is no surprise: Certain industrial CNC milling programs only run on Windows.   In the stores, there is a lot of clapping. Renee Morales, former Apple Store Specialist: "There will be a lot of clapping. As a new hire you'll get ‘clapped in.’ At the end of every shift meeting there's clapping. When someone quits, on their last day they get ‘clapped out’. Sometimes just for kicks to make a little kid feel good you'll clap. ….there's just a lot of clapping."   You might get death threats from customers whose devices break down. An Apple store worker told Business Insider: "I have had death threats before. I had someone, I can’t even remember why — it may have been an out-of-warranty fix — who told me that because we wouldn’t repair it for free that they would wait outside until I finished work to run me down with their car."   You will have to learn Apple's weird internal secret culture — quickly. Wei Sun, Data Science / Software Engineering: "Almost everything will be at least slightly different from your previous job. If you’re an engineer, there are custom internal tools, unusual practices, and odd office culture norms — even more so than is typical at other companies. Questions should be asked as often as possible during your first month; don’t be afraid to ask."   "Furthermore, since secrecy is so important at Apple, different teams’ cultures had a chance to become incredibly different from each other. When working in cross-functional projects, take the time to learn about the other teams’ preferred communication styles and other peculiarities. This will save you a lot of time."   Apple controls what you talk about with your spouse. Justin Maxwell was a user interface designer: "The measures that Apple takes to protect its creative and intellectual environment are unparalleled in the valley, and it's been a disappointing experience since leaving there. Apple's security policy extends to blogs, to speaking engagements, to what we talk about with our spouses. Most people get it and respect it. The ones who don't -- the ones who need to put Apple under their name so they can get a speaking gig at SxSW -- are kindly ushered to move on." "If I was still at Apple, I would not be responding to this question, nor would I feel wronged for not being able to."   Apple makes grammar and punctuation changes in its internal documents in order to track leaks. After Business Insider obtained a couple of leaked memos from retail chief Angela Ahrendts, the company began making changes to its internal communications to help it figure out where the leaks came from. It now sends differently worded memos to different sections of the company in hopes of tracking leaks back to the source when those memos are quoted in the media.   "It's not the place for children." Anonymous: "It's an older demographic working there, not the 24-year old MBAs, most seem to be late 30's to 40's, super smart but with real life experience, too. There aren't any Nerf guns or any of that crap, just people past all that and at the top of their game. It's not the place for children."   "I've been in meetings at 4pm where a dozen people decide we are going to all work all night that night." Anonymous: "Apple comes first.  Not to say you can't have some personal life or even a pretty normal one, but when stuff gets crazy, work comes first ahead of all else. I've been in meetings at 4pm where a dozen people decide we are going to all work all night that night in the office on a problem.  No discussion about 'hey, I have to pick up my kids' or 'let me call home first' - everyone nods and agrees, no hesitation."   "You are in the office every day unless you are sick or dead." Anonymous: "No work from home. The company culture wants everyone face to face every day and they are very up-front and clear about it. You are in the office every day unless you are sick or dead. Nobody watches what time you are in every day but telecommute is something they very vocally say is not and will not be part of the culture."   They will email you in hospital. Former Apple employee Ben Farrell wrote a lengthy, detailed blog post explaining the reasons he quit the company:   "In recent weeks I contracted a nasty incapacitating mosquito born virus and was hospitalised for a short time. However, rather than receiving support, I was emailed a presentation to my hospital bed with a note that it needed to be completed ‘urgently’. Even on the very morning of my wedding I was still being harassed by phone and email to send a report someone had lost."   Sunday is a work day. Don Melton was the former director of internet technologies. He did a podcast in which he described Apple's insane work schedule: "Sunday is a work night for everybody at Apple because it’s the exec meeting the next day. So you had your phone out there, you were sitting in front of your computer, it didn’t matter if your favorite show was on."   Some hiring managers discriminate against older employees. There is a great story about JK Scheinberg in the New York Times: Scheinberg was "the engineer at Apple who led the effort that moved the Mac to Intel processors. A little restless after retiring in 2008, at 54, he figured he'd be a great fit for a position at an Apple store Genius Bar, despite being twice as old as anyone else at the group interview. 'On the way out, all three of the interviewers singled me out and said, "We'll be in touch,"' he said. 'I never heard back.'" "I'd scare the engineer by telling them how bad things would be if anyone inside or outside knew what I was going to ask them to do." Simon Woodside, program manager in Core OS: "Having all these secrets was difficult from my perspective. I couldn't really engage in idle banter with my colleagues for fear of slipping something out." "... I'd scare the engineer by telling them how bad things would be if anyone inside or outside knew what I was going to ask them to do. They would verify with their director, and hopefully be able to fix the relevant problem. We'd slip them some PC hardware if needed or preferably use Virtual PC or the like to be more inconspicuous. They certainly couldn't tell their co-workers about this work." "Personally, I didn't talk either ... my close friends and family knew I was working on some secret project but they didn't find out what until Steve himself made the announcement. Apple had total control of the message. The secrecy paid off big time for the company."   There is a serious risk of burnout. Steve Fenwick, hardware engineer: "You don’t work at Apple unless you are seriously motivated to work there. The ones who are there for a check, or stock, are the ones who burn out first and fastest." You will meet a LOT of different people with very different backgrounds. Rodrigo Estrada Gil, former maps engineer: "In my office there is a sports photographer, a documentary filmmaker, a pole dancer, a folk musician, engineers, translators, QA testers, a nurse, a forklift driver, advertising creatives, videogame testers, a trance producer, marketing people, a screenwriter, a documentary producer, ex-housewives, a Pink Floyd cover band singer, a pole dancer, a biologist, a theoretical physicist, a costumier, etc." “On a regular basis you either get positive feedback or are told to stop doing stupid s--t.” Andrew Borovsky, a former Apple designer: Every week, the highest-level execs review every aspect of Apple's business, Fortune reported: “From a design perspective, having every junior- level designer getting direct executive-level feedback is killer,” says Andrew Borovsky, a former Apple designer who now runs 80/20, a New York design shop. “On a regular basis you either get positive feedback or are told to stop doing stupid s--t.” Borovsky now works at CADRE.   Folks who work in Apple's stores are so poorly paid they often cannot afford to buy the products they sell. An anonymous store worker told Business Insider: "I had a friend who worked there who absolutely loved the products and would go into his overdraft, go into debt, to buy the latest Apple product. It is crazy. One of the managers had to leave because his landlord wouldn’t renew his lease. He had to leave the store because he couldn’t afford to even move into a new studio flat on an Apple Manager salary. I think he went back to live with his parents. He was in his late 30s. Maybe 40."   Ariel Maislos: Stay paranoid and keep running. The former CEO of Flash memory company Anobit, which was acquired by Apple, told ZDNet: "They say that Intel is full of paranoids, but at Apple, 'they' really are after you." "At Apple, you have to run ahead just to stay in place, and there are very high expectations of everyone. Apple expects everything you do to be amazing."   "Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours." Anonymous: "Generally speaking it is a pressure cooker and all communication is one directional (guess which way that is)." "... Paranoid management, disrespect, constant tension, and long hours sum up most of the real culture in operations ... Most of the people in SDM (supply demand management) see it as something they need to suck up for a few painful years after b-school so they can move on to a better gig with the Apple brand on their resume. Like the investment banking of tech." "... Work here at your own risk.  On the upside, cafe food is pretty good and dress is casual."   Andrew Guan, Apple China: It can be like a cult. "I don't know what the internal culture is like in the States, [but] in China, it's pretty insane. Imagine, on the quarter meeting, manager stand on the table and shouting 'WHO ARE YOU!' All the employees raise their hands over the head and answer 'WE ARE APPLE!'"   Austin Meyer: Working at Apple is like being at war. A fun war. Meyer told this story, as published on Macrumors: "Being at Apple is almost like what I imagine it would be like to be inside of Boeing during World-War 2: Everything is running at 100% throttle, with knowledge that we are running at 100% of our abilities, and that is enough to guarantee the best product, and guarantee success in the final outcome, but nothing less than a 100% delivery is acceptable. Apple is fighting a War against Microsoft, with a clearly FAR superior product, but with the very clear knowledge that it is a FUN war to fight, that they are clearly WINNING, but that they can NOT slip up even the slightest bit if they want to have ultimate success."   Brandon Carson, contractor: "Your work is peer-vetted." "They desire and demand a collaborative atmosphere. Your work is peer-vetted -- we had to present our work to the team and take feedback." "At first I found this a bit disruptive, cause I'm used to working on my own projects in a silo, but at the end of the day, the collaboration ensured a better product. And the work didn't progress too far without checks and balances." "More companies need to operate like that internally."   "All the maple surfaces in all the retail stores are harvested at one particular time of the year in Canada so they all look the same." Richard Francis, formerly of Intel, who worked on a project with Apple says on Quora: "The brand is guarded with a zeal that borders on zealous obsession. For instance - I heard (unconfirmed) that all the maple surfaces in all the retail stores are harvested at one particular time of the year in Canada so they all look the same."   Back when Tim Cook was only the COO, he gave this explanation for Apple's secrecy: “Well, that is a part of the magic of Apple. And I don’t want to let anybody know our magic because I don’t want anybody copying it,” Fortune reported.   Apple used to sell this T-shirt at its HQ campus store.   Need we say more. Independent News Service Follow @Indobusiness Related Content Apple used two subsidiaries in Ireland in way that 'did not correspond to economic reality' Read More Revealed: This is the top destination for emigrating Irish professionals (so says...  Louise Kelly There is probably not many of us that couldn't think of someone coming home from abroad this Christmas - but there is one place in particular they'll be jetting in from. Five strategies to boost self-confidence - and leverage your chances of business success  Independent.ie Business Desk Self-confidence is a task that can only be completed by yourself - but it's always helpful to have a few tips to help you on your way. WATCH: Staff cry tears of joy when jewellery shop boss announces this Christmas miracle  Zoe Brennan-Whitmore Retail workers, this one's for you. Recommended Videos from Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Titanic sank due to enormous uncontrollable fire, not iceberg, experts claim  Irish News 'I was on my knees looking for my wallet' - town rallies to raise €2k for family who...  Family Features 'It means a lot' - Shane MacGowan acknowledges support after death of his mother in...  Irish News Devoted Irish mum to donate two organs to save her little boy's life: 'This is going to...  Family Features Sinead O'Connor sells her Wicklow home for €800k  Homes 'If you raise public sector pay and taxes, the rest of the economy loses' 'Households must be ones to decide if water meters stay or go,' says Murphy 'Irexit can't be ruled out as we risk Brussels calling our bluff' Cologne police deny accusations of racial profiling after NYE arrests Promoted articles Editors Choice Also in Business Revealed: This is the top destination for emigrating Irish professionals (so says... There is probably not many of us that couldn't think of... Five strategies to boost self-confidence - and leverage your chances of business... Self-confidence is a task that can only be... Inside Apple...The best and worst things about working there as employees spill... Apple has a strict code of secrecy that it... WATCH: Staff cry tears of joy when jewellery shop boss announces this Christmas... Retail workers, this one's for you. WATCH: Communication of values is key to success - Human behaviour expert... One of the world's leading authorities on... Is your co-worker driving you crazy? Seven habits you may recognise in your office... What's your office eccentricity? Do you thump... WATCH: Pendulum speaker Robin Sharma explains how the business titans do it Canadian writer and leadership speaker Robin... WATCH: Leadership advisor Robin Sharma's top 5 leadership lessons learned... 'If I have seen more than others it is because I... Watch: 'You gotta be willing to dream big enough to scare yourself' - CEO Motivating... "If your dreams don't scare you, you ain't... Shave your legs, wear full makeup and get a manicure - Female staff at this luxury... Making sure your hair is brushed and your clothes are... VIDEO: 'I just jumped on her one day' - Watch unconventional cowgirl... 18 year-old Hannah Simpson from Invercargill,... WATCH: Check out all the best technology highlights of 2016 A look at the best and most memorable technology of 2016. Apple released... VIDEO: Take a look behind the scenes of the magical Christmas story at Dundrum Shopping Centre VIDEO: Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg reveals Iron Man-style AI system installed in... Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has revealed his... VIDEO: Niamh Horan and Brendan O'Connor star in Sunday Independent... Well-known writers from Ireland's leading Sunday... VIDEO: Staff cry tears of joy when retail boss shares this special Christmas message Retail workers, this one's for you. WATCH Take a first look at Amazon Prime Air’s drone delivery service in action Amazon Prime Air has begun private trials in... VIDEO: Jack Canfield - 5 Strategies for Maximum Confidence VIDEO: Dr. John Demartini on 'The Value Determination Workshop' Robin Sharma - How Business Titans Do It Gallery: Around rural Ireland this week in 11 pictures In Pictures: Ministers on Budget Day Instagram's most popular accounts - in pictures Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 goes up in flames during lab test in terrifying new pictures Ploughing Championship 2016 Every iPhone ranked: from worst to best GALLERY: Really successful people who were caught lying on their CVs What will the Apple iPhone 7 look like We'll have to wait until September to know for sure what the Apple iPhone 7 will look... Another Brexit as ambassador bids farewell British ambassador to Ireland Dominick Chilcott, who warned during the UK... From rejecting the iPod to turning down Google: The biggest mistakes in tech history By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Irish News World News Opinion Weather News Topics Business Irish World Technology Personal Finance Small Business FarmIreland Commercial Property Media & Marketing Sport Soccer GAA Rugby Golf Horse Racing Greyhounds Other Sports LeftField Life Food & Drink Travel Motoring Health & Wellbeing Family Home & Garden Style Celebrity Fashion Beauty Sex & Relationships Weddings LookBook Competitions Entertainment Movies Television Music Games Radio Books Theatre & Arts Festivals Trending Coffee Break Follow Facebook Twitter Contact Email User Search Go Mobile site Sitemap Contact Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Statement Advertise with Us Group Websites © Independent.ie Independent.ie News Irish News News Politics Education Health Courts World News Europe Britain North America US Election 2016 Latin America Middle East Asia-Pacific Australasia Africa War On Terror Local Papers Weather Forecast Upload your Weather photos 1916 Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial Comment Business Brexit Irish Media & Marketing Budget 2017 Rich List 2016 World Technology Tech & Gaming Infosec 2016 Reviews Personal Finance Latest News Property & Mortgages Pensions How Much is Your House Worth? Small Business Latest News Advice Centre Your Stories FarmIreland Jobs Commercial Property In The Workplace Sport Soccer Premier League Champions League Other Soccer International Soccer League of Ireland Euro 2016 GAA Gaelic Football Hurling Ladies Football Camogie Rugby Champions Cup Guinness Pro12 Six Nations Other Rugby International Rugby Leinster Rugby Munster Rugby Connacht Rugby Ulster Rugby Schools Rugby Rugby World Cup Golf Horse Racing Other Sports MMA LeftField Greyhounds Life Christmas Health & Wellbeing Health Features Healthy Eating Fitness Mental Health Home & Garden New Homes Homes Interiors Gardens Family Family Features Mothers & Babies Parenting Learning Food & Drink Food News Recipes Food Reviews Wine Table Talk Motoring News Reviews International Talk Style Celebrity Celebrity News Celebrity Features Fashion Fashion News Fashion Fix Style Talk Beauty Body Makeup Hair Sex & Relationships Weddings Voices Galleries Society Competitions Entertainment Movies Movie News Movie Reviews Television TV News TV Reviews Music Music News Music Reviews Windmill Lane Radio Books Book News Book Reviews Theatre & Arts Games Festivals SummerFest Upload your festival photos Banter Cute Gizmo Videos Trending Coffee Break Competitions Horoscopes Lotto Crosswords Windmill Lane Travel Travel News Top 10s Ireland Europe World/USA Family Sun Cruise Ski Travel TV Hotels Holiday Deals Video Podcasts Search Go
