Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 February 2017 by Military News StreamDSP Serial FPDP Now Supports Xilinx UltraScale+ and Altera Stratix-10 FPGAs Columbus, OH (PRWEB) February 11, 2017 StreamDSP continues to expand industry adoption of the Serial FPDP protocol by adding support for the latest FPGA devices from Xilinx and Altera (now Intel). With their latest v5.4 release, StreamDSP has added support for Xilinx UltraScale+ FPGAs as well as Intel Stratix-10 FPGAs to their already impressive list of supported FPGA families. The StreamDSP sFPDP IP core is a fully-compliant implementation of the Serial Front Panel Data Port (sFPDP) communications standard, as defined by the VITA 17.1-2003 specification. StreamDSP Serial FPDP IP now supports the following FPGA devices: Xilinx Virtex UltraScale+, Virtex UltraScale, Virtex-7, Virtex-6 LXT, Virtex-5 LXT/FXT, Virtex-4 FX and Virtex-II Pro Xilinx Kintex UltraScale, Kintex-7, Artix-7, and Zynq-7000 Xilinx Spartan-6 LXT Altera Stratix-10, Stratix-V GX, Stratix-IV GX and Stratix-II GX Altera Arria-10, Arria-V GX, Arria-V GZ, Arria-II GX, Arria-II GZ, and Arria GX Altera Cyclone-V SOC and Cyclone-IV GX Microsemi Igloo-2 StreamDSP provides “ready-to-run” simulations, evaluations, and reference designs targeted to popular development boards for each of the supported FPGA families. This allows StreamDSP’s customers to quickly and easily verify proper operation both in simulation and with their chosen device family and greatly shorten integration time. The wide range of FPGA device support also allows StreamDSP to do extensive compatibility testing between different FPGA families using their own array of development boards, sFPDP based equipment, and a sFPDP protocol analyzer from Absolute Analysis. The sFPDP IP core from StreamDSP makes it simple for customers to connect Altera and Xilinx devices together with very high bandwidth connections. “Over the past several years we’ve seen our customer base for the Serial FPDP IP core increase substantially. Our customers appreciate knowing that we’re always busy adding support for the newest FPGA families, as well as continuing our support for the older families. Having this wide range of device support allows our customers to choose any FPGA device family they like for each program while retaining a common user interface to the high-bandwidth serial link,” said Greg Schueller, StreamDSP’s Director of Business Development. “The new UltraScale+ and Stratix-10 families enable an incredible amount of processing to be done in the FPGA, and Serial FPDP continues to be the high-speed serial protocol of choice for remote sensor applications. Many customers also choose Serial FPDP to allow simple plug-and-play connectivity between Altera and Xilinx devices,” added Greg. To support the growing number of requests for even higher bandwidth, StreamDSP also provides a multi-lane wrapper that can be used to channel-bond several sFPDP lanes together. This gives StreamDSP’s customers access to very high-bandwidth multi-lane data paths. In addition, StreamDSP is currently involved in the definition of VITA 17.3, which will be the successor to VITA 17.1, providing advanced encoding and native channel bonding. More Information Greg Schueller, Director of Business Development Tel. +1 (855) DSP-FPGA Fax. +1 (855) 377-3742 Web: http://www.streamdsp.com StreamDSP LLC, 20 S Third St, Suite 210, Columbus, OH, 43215, USA More information about the Serial FPDP VITA 17.1 Standard can be found at http://www.vita.com. For more specific information about StreamDSP’s IP products, please visit: http://www.streamdsp.com, or call (855) 377-3742. About StreamDSP LLC StreamDSP is an intellectual property (IP) company specializing in video, serial communications, and data storage solutions for Field Programmable Gate Array (FPGA) devices. Headquartered in Columbus, OH, StreamDSP has over 50 years of combined experience serving the military and commercial markets, and is focused on developing IP and providing custom design services for FPGAs. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized Tagsbase, Business, Companies, company, front, Industry, Markets, military, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States and State flags at half-staff from Sunrise, Saturday, February 11, 2017 until Sunset, Monday Next PostNext SolarWinds to Join the Discussion on Interoperable IT Management for Defense Forces at AFCEA West 2017 Search our contacts Search for: Search Recent Posts MDT Software Announces the AutoSave Universal Product Suite Providing Source Code Control for All PC-Based, FTP and Ethernet-Accessible Devices A’ Photography Awards 2017 is Looking for Photographers with Outstanding Works who are Aiming at Getting Global Fame and Recognition Read/Write XLSM, CSV or XLSB Files & Named Ranges Support in Excel Spreadsheets using C++ PureLink Introduces World’s First HDMI 2.0 UHD/4K HDBaseT Extenders ThreeBestRated.com Chooses Feiner & Lavy P.C., Attorneys at Law as Top 3 Immigration Lawyers in New York Business Contacts aBusiness contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks FCC Trump LGG6 VizioTVs Menu Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Chipsets & Processors/ Intel Coffee Lake Processors Arrive 2H'17 Intel Coffee Lake Processors Arrive 2H'17 By Matthew Humphries February 10, 2017 07:11am EST 10 Comments The 8th generation, 2nd 14nm process refinement chips before Intel moves to 10nm. Intel moved away from its "Tick-Tock" processor model because it's getting really hard to produce high yields of chips now that we are moving to a 10nm process. Broadwell chips were the last "tick" and its successor Skylake was the last "tock." Both were 14nm chips, and instead of then moving to 10nm, Intel planned two further refinements to the 14nm process. The first of those refinements is already available under the name Kaby Lake (7th generation). You may remember the Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake processor managed an overclock to 7GHz recently. Kaby Lake also promised a 15 percent performance gain over Skylake. In a tweet yesterday, Intel confirmed the second refinement, code named Coffee Lake (8th generation), is set to arrive in the 2nd half of 2017. It also claims to offer a 15 percent performance gain, but over Kaby Lake, which begs the question: why buy Kaby Lake when Coffee Lake is coming? A product roadmap leaked last September and suggested Coffee Lake chips wouldn't arrive until February 2018. It could be the roadmap wasn't real, or Intel may be releasing Coffee Lake earlier as it sees the threat posed by AMD's Ryzen processors, which are due to release in March (complete with support for Windows 7). With Kaby Lake still being so new on the market, the latter reason seems more likely to me. Related The Road to 7nm Processors The Road to 7nm Processors As MSPowerUser points out, there's four variants of Coffee Lake processors planned: Coffee Lake-U, Coffee Lake-X, Coffee Lake-S, Coffee Lake-H. And it looks as though we'll get the high-end Core i7 chips first, in either 4-core or even 6-core options complete with GT2 integrated graphics. If you are looking to purchase a new desktop PC or a laptop later this year, then Coffee Lake looks set to be an option now, where as before Kaby Lake was the clear choice for 2017. Back to top Previous : AMD Ryzen Processors Will Support Windows 7 By Matthew Humphries Senior Editor Matthew is PCMag's UK-based editor and news reporter. Prior to joining the team, he spent 14 years writing and editing content on our sister site Geek.com and has covered most areas of technology, but is especially passionate about games tech. Alongside PCMag, he's a freelance video game designer. Matthew holds a BSc degree in Computer Science from Birmingham University and a Masters in Computer Games Development from Abertay University. More » More Stories by Matthew Matte Black iPhone 7 Casing Unexpectedly Chipping Chips appear on iPhone 7 and 7 Plus, Apple says cosmetic damage isn't covered under warranty. More » Zuckerberg Demos Oculus VR Gloves When perfected they'll let you draw, type, and see your hands and fingers moving in VR. More » JDI's Transparent Display Clear Enough For Cars, Augmented Reality Light transmittance is 80 percent, rendering it almost invisible when turned off. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 32 Hidden Chrome Features That Will Make Your Life Easier How to Fix the Most Annoying Things in Windows 10 The Creepy World of Abandoned Video Games Everything Coming to Netflix in February 6 Games You'll Want to Buy in February 28 Instagram Tips for the Photo Obsessed »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write (ETW) to Issue $0.10 Monthly Dividend Fiserv, Inc. to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts (FISV) Marriott International (MAR) Receives $83.98 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades McClatchy Company (The) (MNI) to Hold Organovo Holdings, Inc. (ONVO) Shares Down 15.4% on Insider Selling iPass Inc. (IPAS) Stock Price Down 21.3% After Earnings Miss Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (ORLY) Lowered by Analyst Northcoast Research Comments on Owens Corning Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (OC) Alpine Global Premier Properties Fund (AWP) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Alpine Total Dynamic Dividend Fund (AOD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on February 28th Zytronic PLC (ZYT) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 16th Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.60 on March 17th Brokerages Set Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Price Target at $30.42 Countrywide PLC (CWD) Receives GBX 207.13 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cincinnati Bell Inc (CBB) Receives $20.63 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) PT at $16.60 Jazz Pharmaceuticals PLC (JAZZ) Receives $177.91 Average Target Price from Brokerages Benchmark Electronics, Inc. (BHE) Stock Price Up -1.5% on Analyst Upgrade iRobot Corporation (IRBT) Shares Gap Down on Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Model N, Inc. (MODN) to Buy Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC Has $26,702,000 Position in Intel Corporation (INTC) February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC cut its position in shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) by 0.3% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 707,348 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 2,124 shares during the period. Intel Corporation makes up 2.7% of Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 8th largest position. Waters Parkerson & CO. LLC’s holdings in Intel Corporation were worth $26,702,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in INTC. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 607.3% in the second quarter. JFS Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 12,803 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $420,000 after buying an additional 10,993 shares during the last quarter. Financial Architects Inc boosted its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 34.3% in the second quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 54,450 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,786,000 after buying an additional 13,903 shares during the last quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 9.1% in the second quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. now owns 1,114,222 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $36,546,000 after buying an additional 93,104 shares during the last quarter. Excalibur Management Corp boosted its stake in shares of Intel Corporation by 1.6% in the second quarter. Excalibur Management Corp now owns 32,563 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,068,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Miracle Mile Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Intel Corporation during the second quarter valued at $225,000. 66.17% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) traded down 0.34% during trading on Friday, reaching $35.34. 44,106,523 shares of the company traded hands. Intel Corporation has a 1-year low of $28.36 and a 1-year high of $38.45. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $36.72 and its 200 day moving average is $35.97. The company has a market capitalization of $167.33 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.67 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The chip maker reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.75 by $0.04. The business earned $16.40 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.75 billion. Intel Corporation had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 10.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.74 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Intel Corporation will post $2.78 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, February 7th will be paid a $0.26 dividend. This represents a $1.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.94%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, February 3rd. Intel Corporation’s payout ratio is presently 49.29%. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/02/10/waters-parkerson-co-llc-has-26702000-position-in-intel-corporation-intc.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on INTC shares. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 target price on shares of Intel Corporation and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed a “positive” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed an “underperform” rating on shares of Intel Corporation in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and twenty-nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $40.23. In related news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 79,051 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.49, for a total transaction of $2,884,570.99. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 394,406 shares in the company, valued at $14,391,874.94. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Diane M. Bryant sold 11,607 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.74, for a total value of $403,227.18. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 112,006 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,891,088.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 156,637 shares of company stock valued at $5,732,128 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. About Intel Corporation Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Announces Conway Was Counseled Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] How to Turn Your Surface Pro 4 Into A Desktop PC Travis Pope04/22/2016 Microsoft calls its Surface Pro 4 and devices like it Windows 2-in-1s. The idea is that purchasing a Surface Pro 4 or any of the devices that resembles it means you don’t have to purchase both a notebook and a tablet. Since Microsoft announced its first tablet that can be a notebook, all we’ve heard about are those types of 2-in-1s. We’ve all ignored another benefit of purchasing a Surface Pro 4. Advertisement The Surface Pro 4 doesn’t just make a great  tablet and notebook. It also makes a pretty great Windows 10 desktop PC. As a Surface Pro 3 and Surface Pro 4 user, I’ve spent some time with the form factor at my desk. The way I see it, there are couple of different scenarios to get Surface Pro 4 users the best desktop experience. Pick The Right Surface Pro 4 Desktops are powerful, bulky beasts. They’re big because transporting them isn’t really that much of a concern. The Surface Pro 4 is a mobile powerhouse, a machine that was designed to be portable. At first, one might assume that it wouldn’t be that great at doing the things that desktops do: playing video games and editing video. Read: Which Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Should You Buy? Advertisement That’s absolutely true of the entry-level Surface Pro 4 for $899. It’s not really great at playing the latest games at all since it doesn’t have a fan and uses less powerful internals. The Surface Pro 4s with Intel Core i7 and Intel Core i5 processors are better at those activities. Any Surface Pro 4 plan that involves the device doubling as a powerful desktop Windows 10 PC starts with those two models. The Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 Processor and 4GB of RAM starts at $999. If you really want the best performance possible, investigate purchasing a Surface Pro 4 with at least 8GB of RAM. The Microsoft Store sells all versions of the Surface Pro 4, including a model with 16GB of storage. Buy a Surface Pro 4 Dock Once you’ve acquired a Surface Pro 4, you need a way to charge the device and connect to accessories. Microsoft makes two docks for this task, both of which have advantages and disadvantages. The Surface Pro 3 Docking Station is a typical dock. There are no cables to connect. Instead, its two arms encapsulate the Surface Pro 4, on three sides. Built into it are three USB 3.0 ports, two USB 2.0 ports, Ethernet out and a Mini DisplayPort. The Surface Pro 4 Dock isn’t built specifically for the Surface Pro 4, which is why users need a free spacer from Microsoft to enjoy the $199 accessory. Advertisement The Microsoft Surface Dock is this year’s docking option for the Surface Pro 4, Surface Pro 3 and Surface Book. It too costs $199. There are two front-facing USB 3.0 ports, a power port, Gigabit Ethernet, two more USB 3.0 ports and 2 Mini DisplayPorts on its rear. With this dock, you need to physically plug in a cable, but just the one. The dock itself does the rest. Other companies make compatible port replicators, but in those cases you’d need to plug your Surface Pro 4 into a charger, then have a separate USB cable running from the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft’s solutions are expensive, but simplistic. Use A Bluetooth Keyboard and Mouse The next thing you’ll need are the typical accessories that desktops require. The Surface Pro 4 has two pretty loud speakers, but don’t hesitate to pick up external speakers if you feel like you need to. The Surface Pro 4 and Windows 10 support Bluetooth audio profiles. The docks and device itself all have 3.5mm headphone ports built-in. Bluetooth headphones work too, that’s what I use at my desk when playing music late at night and early in the day. Advertisement Microsoft used to make a Bluetooth keyboard accessory for its Type Covers. It’s long since killed that device, betting that users would rather purchase separate keyboards and mice that offer better battery life and bigger keys. For the best results, go with a Bluetooth keyboard and mouse. Microsoft makes the, entry-level Wireless Keyboard 850 for Bluetooth users. I personally use the Wedge Wireless Mobile Keyboard. It’s $79.95 – not cheap – but does have a thin profile. For a mouse, I recommend the $69.95 Surface Arc Mouse because it becomes very portable when you need it to be. That being said, anything you have around the house works fine too. You can go with USB mice and keyboards, but if you do you’ll need a USB hub or a Surface Dock. Remember, the Surface Pro 4 only has a single USB port.   Advertisement I actually skipped the mini adapters, displays and docks in the early days. Instead, I purchased a Surface Pro Power Supply for $79.99 and a tablet stand that held up my Surface Pro 4. This method does hinder viewing angles somewhat, but it’s cost effective and keeps me from being surrounded by screens and accessories I don’t need. The stand I purchased from Amazon is long gone, but there are more available from other makers. Disable Tablet Mode Finally, remember to set your device to either ask you before switching in and out of Tablet Mode or turn off switching entirely. Read: How to Use Tablet Mode in Windows 10 Windows 10 is able to detect physical keyboards and make the switch, but not with Bluetooth accessories. My solution to this has been to manually toggle Tablet Mode on and off when I’m done with work using the Action Center. The Action Center is always a left swipe from the right edge of your display. Optional: Get a Monitor, Maybe With Touch On its own, your Surface Pro 4 is a great all-in-one PC in its own right. At least, it is if you’re comfortable with using a 12-inch display. If you aren’t, consider adding a widescreen monitor to your desktop setup to get more screen real estate. Which display you get really does depend on your tastes as a user. Some people like to get large monitors, then hide the Surface Pro 4 somewhere in their setup because they don’t need to monitors. Others prefer to keep the Surface Pro 4 and external monitor sitting side by side. If you’re going to hide the Surface somewhere in your setup, like a desk drawer, be sure that it has plenty of ventilation. Be sure that whatever monitor you do go with has matching connections for whatever dock you use too. Stay away from any monitor that has a VGA cable. For consistency, it might be better to with a monitor that supports touch. The Surface Pro 4 can be connected to a monitor even without a docking accessory. For this you will need a MiniDisplay Port adapter for whatever plug the display features. Microsoft makes a line of Surface Mini DisplayPort Adapters and a Wireless Display Adapter. Two monitors connect through the Surface Dock, but you can add a third running straight from the Surface pro 4’s body too. Microsoft frequently runs specials on Surface Docks and monitors at the Microsoft Store. Read: The Best Surface Pro 4 Deals Available The Surface Pro 4 gained a reputation for being a great tablet and a decent notebook. I’d make the argument that it’s also a terrific Windows 10 all-in-one with the right accessories. 15 Responses 02/13/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I understood that the pro 4 could handle 3 external monitors – 2 from the dock and 1 from the tablet. You say it is restricted to 2 monitors. Will it not handle a third monitor from the tablet’s mini DP port? 02/29/2016 Leander Reply Yeah it does, 2 monitors from the docking station. One from the surface it self. So 3 screens at the same time. I got the configuration running at this very moment. Two normal monitor’s and big presentation screen. 02/29/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply Thanks. I’m going to give the SP4 i7 16gb a try with three 27″ monitors. 03/05/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I bought the SP4 with dock and cables. Win 10 shows 4 displays, but will only use three, one of which is always the tablet. So I can get two of my three externals, but not three at once. Surface support told me I have to use a video hub to go to three. Is this what you have done? Or is a splitter enough? 03/22/2016 Matt Smith Reply What’s the recommended settings for the larger monitor, I’ve currently got it connected to another screen and the icons are massive and there’s black banding down the sides. 04/19/2016 Molly Hampel Reply This is a question not reply – i have a surface pro 4 with the docking station. The surface will go to sleep and when we wake it backup the external large monitor will not work. We thought it was the docking station but after trying two others it’s not. Any suggestions? Could the monitor not be compatible? 04/19/2016 Robert Armstrong Reply I now run two ASUS 27″ monitors and the Surface tablet screen. The primary display is set as one of the 27″. When my Surface wakes up, the two large monitors also come alive – usually, but not always. Very occasionally, I have to go to display settings on the tablet screen and “extend the desktop” to the two large monitors. This does not happen often. Sorry I can’t be more help. 04/24/2016 Jenniferdpearman Reply This is very wonderful new jobs..!Super and Easiest 0nl!nee Home opportunity for all. make 87 Dollars per hour and Make 52512 Dollars per month.All you just Need an Internet Connection and aComputer To Make Some Extra cash. Visit this link…… See More 06/19/2016 Richard Clark Eckert Reply I am looking at idea of a multi client monitor that allows for up to four inputs that can be simulataneously displayed in four quadrants of humongous 43″ display. I am wondering if SP 4 can work with that and display 4 screens but without problems of dual monitor set up????? Ideally he SP4 would take up one quadrant, but could take up to four separate inputs or multiple windows from SP4. Why I need 4 monitors compressed in one is something to explain on a different day. 07/17/2016 path8yoga Reply Most of the answers to the questions above can be found here: https://www.microsoft.com/surface/en-sg/support/music-photos-and-video/connect-surface-to-a-tv-display-or-projector?os=windows-10&=undefined 10/31/2016 skrivener Reply I like the idea, but $1,400 + monitor are grim prices. If you don’t play fast games consider this tablet-as-a-PC setup instead HP ElitePad 1000 tablet (1.6GHz 4GB 64GB ssd); less than £180 on ebay (business are disposing of loads of units); add a £15 64gb micro sd HP’s dock gives 4 usb, sound & 2 monitor sockets (ebay £25 + a 2nd at £40 for work); Dock happily runs a 36in £100 screen while the tablet provides a 2nd handy touch screen on the side; £20 for wi-fi keyboard & mouse (with a 2nd £10 usb set for work). £13 for a usb plug-and-play case holds to hold the old pc’s hardrive & £14 for a little usb DVD rewriter. Mega adds 50GB of cloud storage to the system for £0 This setup cost abt £315 ($400?) & happily replaced my home tablet / work laptop / work pc & home pc. Life’s become a lot simpler with just one device. 12/21/2016 Carlin Reply I have an “old” Dell Inspiron 2330 which is a touchscreen computer. However, it has an HDMI ‘in’ and can alternately be used as an external monitor – is there a way to enable/utilize the touchscreen on this computer when connected to my Surface Pro 4 as an external monitor? I assume I need an additional cable outside of the HDMI – does anyone know what that cable is? Thanks for your help 01/21/2017 C. Lyman Reply PC in a backpack: Surface Pro 4; Core i7, 256 GB SSD, 16 GB RAM. 2 USB hubs 1 7-port 2.0 that plugs into a port in the charging brick w/SD card reader and one 10-port 3.0 w/card reader. Accessories One 1 TB USB HDD one 1/2 TB HDD USB 2.0 ONE 512 micro SDXC in the provided card slot. 1 Rocksteady Bluetooth speaker bar and one Pawtec USB 3.0 optical CD, DVD Blu-Ray reader/burner. Looking for an externl touchsreen monitor about 20-22 In Other peripherals M-Audio Oxygen 49 music keyboard,M-Audio M-Track Plus two input. Mackie FX8 Pro w//USB all have USB 2.0 And it’s all mine! With the exception of the music peripherals, it fits in a “day pack” 02/05/2017 billy batts Reply I bought a cheep little doodad for $14 that gives me 3 usb ports instead of 1 and $50-$60 for a Seagate 1tb external hard drive for my surface pro 3 and I play world of warships, war planes and the 78 games I have on steam with no problems. 02/10/2017 Jacob Reply using the SP4’s mini display port can i connect it to an external display and use the usb ports on the back of the display? or will they not work without the dock? Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 02/02/2017 iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 12388921 Family Focus Black Heritage 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner Updated: Feb 10, 2017 - 8:42 PM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Robert Kraft, the owner of the Super Bowl-winning New England Patriots, is joining President Donald Trump, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and their wives for dinner at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. Trump began the dinner at Mar-a-Lago's crowded patio restaurant by talking up Kraft and joking that the assembled U.S. and Japanese press had heard Kraft was there. Trump said Kraft "knew he was going to win the game, even when he was down 28-3." The president also quipped about all the interpreters who had pulled up chairs to their not-so-large table. "We need more interpreters," he joked. "They don't play games." ___ 6:15 p.m. President Donald Trump's chief of staff says he expects new executive orders to be "enacted soon" in response to a federal court decision to block the administration's immigration ban. Reince Priebus told reporters Friday that "every single court option" is on the table as the administration contests a decision by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals to block Trump's executive order. A White House official said the new executive order could be a modified version of the one signed last month or a new version altogether. The official spoke anonymously because the issue is still under review. Priebus says the White House is "fighting out this case on the merits, which will be proven ultimately 100 percent correct and vindicated on the merits." - By Vivian Salama ___ 5:30 p.m. A White House official says President Donald Trump has "full confidence" in National Security Adviser Michael Flynn following reports that he discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. after the election. Trump advisers, including Vice President Mike Pence, previously said Flynn did not talk about the sanctions in his conversations with the Russian envoy. But the official said Flynn now says that while he does not recall talking about sanctions, he can't guarantee the matter did not come up. A second administration official says Flynn and Pence spoke in person Friday morning. The officials were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and insisted on anonymity. Trump told reporters traveling Friday on Air Force One that he had not seen a Washington Post report saying Flynn had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. -By Ken Thomas ___ 5:15 p.m. President Donald Trump says he's unaware of reports that his national security adviser discussed sanctions with the Russians before Trump was sworn into office. Trump told reporters flying with him to Florida that he'll look into the issue. The Washington Post first reported that Michael Flynn discussed the sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Vice President Mike Pence said last month that Flynn had spoken to the ambassador during the transition period to wish him a Merry Christmas and offer condolences after a deadly Russian plane crash, but he denied that sanctions had come up in the conversation. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday: "I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?" Flynn is among the passengers flying aboard the plane. ___ 5:05 p.m. President Donald Trump says that he's considering signing a new executive order on immigration as the one he signed suspending the nation's refugee program and barring citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries is held up in court. Trump tells reporters aboard Air Force One on his way to Florida that he's confident he'll win his court battle. But he says, "we also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order." He adds: "We need speed for reasons of security. So it could very well be that we do that." Trump says a new order would likely change "very little" from the first and says he'll likely act next Monday or Tuesday. He adds of his decision: "I'd like to surprise you." ___ 3:55 p.m. President Donald Trump has revived claims of voter fraud, arguing in a lunch meeting with senators that he and former GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte would have won in New Hampshire if not for voters bused in from out of state. That's according to a GOP official with knowledge of Thursday's lunch conversation. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because it was a private meeting. Ayotte was present for the meeting at the White House with a bipartisan group of 10 senators because she is working with Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Trump's comments were first reported by Politico. There is no evidence of people being improperly bused into New Hampshire to vote. -By Erica Werner. ___ 3:50 p.m. A White House official says the Trump administration will likely contest the merits of its travel ban in district court rather than appeal a restraining order on the ban in the Supreme Court. The official also left open the possibility that the White House could rework President Donald Trump's original executive order that temporarily halted entry to the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries. The official says "all options" are on the table with regard to that order. On Thursday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a 3-0 decision that kept Trump's travel ban from going back into effect. Trump says he has "no doubt" his administration will ultimately win in court. The official was not authorized to discuss the administration's planning publicly and insisted on anonymity. -By Julie Pace ___ 3:35 p.m. First lady Melania Trump is getting her first ride on Air Force One. Mrs. Trump, who is not yet living in the White House full time, greeted President Donald Trump on the tarmac at Joint Base Andrews before a trip to Florida. The Trumps are playing host this weekend at their Florida estate to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. It's the first time Mrs. Trump has been seen in the Washington area since Trump took office on Jan. 20. It was unclear how long she'd been in town. The first lady joined her husband last weekend at their estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Mrs. Trump is living full time in New York with the couple's 10-year-old son, Barron, through the end of the school year. ___ 1:45 p.m. At his press conference with the Japanese prime minister, President Donald Trump touted plans by Intel announced this week to open a $7 billion factory because of his administration's planned tax cuts. But that's not the whole story behind the Chandler, Arizona facility_which began construction during Barack Obama's presidency. In fact, Obama appeared at the side of Intel's CEO when the factory was announced and even spoke at the construction site in 2012. Intel never finished its "Fab 42" factory because there was insufficient demand for its high-powered computer chips, a spokesman said this week. The company plans to complete the facility within four years because it expects its business to grow. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said he made his announcement at the White House in support of the president's tax and regulatory policies, which have yet to be publicly detailed. ___ 1:40 p.m. President Donald Trump says he had a "very, very warm conversation" with Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) and says he thinks the two global powers are "on the process of getting along very well." Trump notes in a joint news conference with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (shin-zoh ah-bay) that he has been complaining about currency devaluation with China for a long time. He predicts "we will all be at a level playing field." Trump told the Chinese leader in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. would honor Washington's "one China" policy, which had been in question since Trump broke protocol and spoke to the leader of Taiwan after his election. The White House said the reaffirmation of U.S. policy came at Xi's request. Trump made no mention of the "one China" dispute in his remarks. ___ 1:30 p.m. President Donald Trump says he has "no doubt" that he will prevail in the federal court case over his travel ban. He also promises to take additional steps to improve U.S. security. Trump commented a day after a San Francisco-based U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his temporary ban on travel to the U.S. by refugees and residents of seven mostly Muslim countries in the name of national security. Speaking at a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump says the administration will continue to work the case through the court process. He says he has "no doubt that we'll win" the case. Trump says the administration will do whatever is necessary to keep the country safe. ___ 11:45 a.m. Rep. Tom Price of Georgia has been sworn in as health and human services secretary, setting the stage for the conservative to play a leading role in dismantling President Barack Obama's health care law. Vice President Mike Pence administered the oath to Price hours after he won Senate confirmation on a narrow 52-47 vote early Friday. Price is an orthopedic surgeon who is expected to help scuttle the Affordable Care Act, in part, by issuing regulations to weaken it. Democrats assailed Price as an ideologue with a questionable history of trading health care stocks and warned that he would take away health insurance from millions of Americans. ___ 10:50 p.m. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi is praising a federal appeals court decision against reinstating President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, saying Trump proceeded on the issue in an "incompetent and strategically incoherent" way. Wrapping up their annual retreat in Baltimore on Friday, House Democrats reveled in the administration's court loss. Pelosi said the ban would make Americans less safe. "This is a major, major, major defeat for the administration," said New York Rep. Joe Crowley, leader of the House Democratic Caucus. "And I think there will be more, because they will continue to overstep." Crowley also criticized Trump's all caps tweet just after the decision Thursday that said "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" "The president needs to grow up," Crowley said. ___ 10:15 a.m. Fitch Ratings says President Donald Trump "represents a risk to international economic conditions," noting that his "aggressive tone" and willingness to float "unanticipated changes" to U.S. policies could harm worldwide growth and make it more expensive for governments to borrow. Judging by its opening weeks, the Trump administration could potentially disrupt foreign trade, reduce the flow of capital, limit migration and provoke "confrontational exchanges" that could destabilize volatile financial markets, the credit ratings firm said in a Friday statement. Fitch noted that other promised policies in a Trump administration such as tax cuts, fewer regulations and more infrastructure spending could boost U.S. growth. But its note stressed the possibility of Trump disrupting foreign economies as he seeks to renegotiate trade deals. ___ 9:47 a.m. President Vladimir Putin says he's grateful to Slovenia for its offer to host his first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, adding that it will depend on Washington. Speaking after the Kremlin talks Friday with his Slovenian counterpart, Putin said that Russia welcomes Trump's statements about the need to restore the strained Russia-U.S. ties. He said Moscow is waiting for the Trump administration to prepare for a dialogue. He added that Moscow and Washington could jointly tackle the terror threat and deal with other global challenges. Putin thanked the Slovenian president for his readiness to organize his meeting with Trump. He added it will depend on the U.S. on whether to hold such a meeting. __ 9 a.m. President Donald Trump is lashing out at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision against reinstating his refugee and immigration order, calling it "a disgraceful decision." Trump has been pointing to a federal law that details when immigration restrictions by the president is permissible. In a tweet Friday, Trump quotes an article by Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of the Lawfare blog. It reads, "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." Trump tweeted, "A disgraceful decision!" Trump said Thursday that he did not believe the unanimous decision undercut his presidency and tweeted, "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" in response. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner Mexico gets Trump's trade ire. Japan and Germany, a pass Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Trump cites voter fraud in NH without providing evidence Smiles, a hug set tone for Trump's meeting with Japan's Abe News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 54° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Partly cloudy and windy. High 51F. Winds SSW at 20 to 30 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low 31F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 10, 2017 @ 4:35 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 9 Mikhail Klimentyev Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. (Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP) Haven Daley Members of the media line outside the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals building in San Francisco on Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017. A federal appeals court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, dealing another legal setback to the new administration's immigration policy. (AP Photo/Haven Daley) Mark Lennihan Thomas Donato, center, follows stock prices, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017, at the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Andrew Harnik Vice President Mike Pence administers the oath of office to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, accompanied by his wife Betty, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, in the in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House complex in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Susan Walsh President Donald Trump, accompanied by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie Abe, talks to first lady Melania Trump at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, before boarding Air Force One. Mrs. Trump and Mrs. Abe arrived separately. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Jose Luis Magana President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base Md., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. Trump is hosting Abe at his estate Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., for the weekend. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) Jose Luis Magana President Donald Trump kisses first lady Melania Trump as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Akie Abe watch before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base Md., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. Trump is hosting Abe at his estate Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., for the weekend. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) AP The Latest: Trump has 'full confidence' in Flynn Feb 10, 2017 Updated 2 min ago 0 Mikhail Klimentyev Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. (Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP) Haven Daley Members of the media line outside the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals building in San Francisco on Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017. A federal appeals court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, dealing another legal setback to the new administration's immigration policy. (AP Photo/Haven Daley) Mark Lennihan Thomas Donato, center, follows stock prices, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017, at the New York Stock Exchange. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Andrew Harnik Vice President Mike Pence administers the oath of office to Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price, accompanied by his wife Betty, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, in the in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building on the White House complex in Washington. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Pablo Martinez Monsivais President Donald Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, in the East Room of the White House in Washington. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) Susan Walsh President Donald Trump, accompanied by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie Abe, talks to first lady Melania Trump at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, before boarding Air Force One. Mrs. Trump and Mrs. Abe arrived separately. (AP Photo/Susan Walsh) Jose Luis Magana President Donald Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base Md., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. Trump is hosting Abe at his estate Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., for the weekend. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) Jose Luis Magana President Donald Trump kisses first lady Melania Trump as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Akie Abe watch before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base Md., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. Trump is hosting Abe at his estate Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., for the weekend. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local): 5:30 p.m. A White House official says President Donald Trump has "full confidence" in National Security Adviser Michael Flynn following reports that he discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. after the election. Trump advisers, including Vice President Mike Pence, previously said Flynn did not talk about the sanctions in his conversations with the Russian envoy. But the official said Flynn now says that while he does not recall talking about sanctions, he can't guarantee the matter did not come up. A second administration official says Flynn and Pence spoke in person Friday morning. The officials were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and insisted on anonymity. Trump told reporters traveling Friday on Air Force One that he had not seen a Washington Post report saying Flynn had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. —By Ken Thomas ___ 5:15 p.m. President Donald Trump says he's unaware of reports that his national security adviser discussed sanctions with the Russians before Trump was sworn into office. Trump told reporters flying with him to Florida that he'll look into the issue. The Washington Post first reported that Michael Flynn discussed the sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Vice President Mike Pence said last month that Flynn had spoken to the ambassador during the transition period to wish him a Merry Christmas and offer condolences after a deadly Russian plane crash, but he denied that sanctions had come up in the conversation. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday: "I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?" Flynn is among the passengers flying aboard the plane. ___ 5:05 p.m. President Donald Trump says that he's considering signing a new executive order on immigration as the one he signed suspending the nation's refugee program and barring citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries is held up in court. Trump tells reporters aboard Air Force One on his way to Florida that he's confident he'll win his court battle. But he says, "we also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order." He adds: "We need speed for reasons of security. So it could very well be that we do that." Trump says a new order would likely change "very little" from the first and says he'll likely act next Monday or Tuesday. He adds of his decision: "I'd like to surprise you." ___ 3:55 p.m. President Donald Trump has revived claims of voter fraud, arguing in a lunch meeting with senators that he and former GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte would have won in New Hampshire if not for voters bused in from out of state. That's according to a GOP official with knowledge of Thursday's lunch conversation. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because it was a private meeting. Ayotte was present for the meeting at the White House with a bipartisan group of 10 senators because she is working with Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Trump's comments were first reported by Politico. There is no evidence of people being improperly bused into New Hampshire to vote. —By Erica Werner. ___ 3:50 p.m. A White House official says the Trump administration will likely contest the merits of its travel ban in district court rather than appeal a restraining order on the ban in the Supreme Court. The official also left open the possibility that the White House could rework President Donald Trump's original executive order that temporarily halted entry to the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries. The official says "all options" are on the table with regard to that order. On Thursday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a 3-0 decision that kept Trump's travel ban from going back into effect. Trump says he has "no doubt" his administration will ultimately win in court. The official was not authorized to discuss the administration's planning publicly and insisted on anonymity. —By Julie Pace ___ 3:35 p.m. First lady Melania Trump is getting her first ride on Air Force One. Mrs. Trump, who is not yet living in the White House full time, greeted President Donald Trump on the tarmac at Joint Base Andrews before a trip to Florida. The Trumps are playing host this weekend at their Florida estate to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Ake. It's the first time Mrs. Trump has been seen in the Washington area since Trump took office on Jan. 20. It was unclear how long she'd been in town. The first lady joined her husband last weekend at their estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Mrs. Trump is living full time in New York with the couple's 10-year-old son, Barron, through the end of the school year. ___ 1:45 p.m. At his press conference with the Japanese prime minister, President Donald Trump touted plans by Intel announced this week to open a $7 billion factory because of his administration's planned tax cuts. But that's not the whole story behind the Chandler, Arizona facility_which began construction during Barack Obama's presidency. In fact, Obama appeared at the side of Intel's CEO when the factory was announced and even spoke at the construction site in 2012. Intel never finished its "Fab 42" factory because there was insufficient demand for its high-powered computer chips, a spokesman said this week. The company plans to complete the facility within four years because it expects its business to grow. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said he made his announcement at the White House in support of the president's tax and regulatory policies, which have yet to be publicly detailed. ___ 1:40 p.m. President Donald Trump says he had a "very, very warm conversation" with Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) and says he thinks the two global powers are "on the process of getting along very well." Trump notes in a joint news conference with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (shin-zoh ah-bay) that he has been complaining about currency devaluation with China for a long time. He predicts "we will all be at a level playing field." Trump told the Chinese leader in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. would honor Washington's "one China" policy, which had been in question since Trump broke protocol and spoke to the leader of Taiwan after his election. The White House said the reaffirmation of U.S. policy came at Xi's request. Trump made no mention of the "one China" dispute in his remarks. ___ 1:30 p.m. President Donald Trump says he has "no doubt" that he will prevail in the federal court case over his travel ban. He also promises to take additional steps to improve U.S. security. Trump commented a day after a San Francisco-based U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his temporary ban on travel to the U.S. by refugees and residents of seven mostly Muslim countries in the name of national security. Speaking at a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump says the administration will continue to work the case through the court process. He says he has "no doubt that we'll win" the case. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Trump says the administration will do whatever is necessary to keep the country safe. ___ 11:45 a.m. Rep. Tom Price of Georgia has been sworn in as health and human services secretary, setting the stage for the conservative to play a leading role in dismantling President Barack Obama's health care law. Vice President Mike Pence administered the oath to Price hours after he won Senate confirmation on a narrow 52-47 vote early Friday. Price is an orthopedic surgeon who is expected to help scuttle the Affordable Care Act, in part, by issuing regulations to weaken it. Democrats assailed Price as an ideologue with a questionable history of trading health care stocks and warned that he would take away health insurance from millions of Americans. ___ 10:50 p.m. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi is praising a federal appeals court decision against reinstating President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, saying Trump proceeded on the issue in an "incompetent and strategically incoherent" way. Wrapping up their annual retreat in Baltimore on Friday, House Democrats reveled in the administration's court loss. Pelosi said the ban would make Americans less safe. "This is a major, major, major defeat for the administration," said New York Rep. Joe Crowley, leader of the House Democratic Caucus. "And I think there will be more, because they will continue to overstep." Crowley also criticized Trump's all caps tweet just after the decision Thursday that said "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" "The president needs to grow up," Crowley said. ___ 10:15 a.m. Fitch Ratings says President Donald Trump "represents a risk to international economic conditions," noting that his "aggressive tone" and willingness to float "unanticipated changes" to U.S. policies could harm worldwide growth and make it more expensive for governments to borrow. Judging by its opening weeks, the Trump administration could potentially disrupt foreign trade, reduce the flow of capital, limit migration and provoke "confrontational exchanges" that could destabilize volatile financial markets, the credit ratings firm said in a Friday statement. Fitch noted that other promised policies in a Trump administration such as tax cuts, fewer regulations and more infrastructure spending could boost U.S. growth. But its note stressed the possibility of Trump disrupting foreign economies as he seeks to renegotiate trade deals. ___ 9:47 a.m. President Vladimir Putin says he's grateful to Slovenia for its offer to host his first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, adding that it will depend on Washington. Speaking after the Kremlin talks Friday with his Slovenian counterpart, Putin said that Russia welcomes Trump's statements about the need to restore the strained Russia-U.S. ties. He said Moscow is waiting for the Trump administration to prepare for a dialogue. He added that Moscow and Washington could jointly tackle the terror threat and deal with other global challenges. Putin thanked the Slovenian president for his readiness to organize his meeting with Trump. He added it will depend on the U.S. on whether to hold such a meeting. __ 9 a.m. President Donald Trump is lashing out at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision against reinstating his refugee and immigration order, calling it "a disgraceful decision." Trump has been pointing to a federal law that details when immigration restrictions by the president is permissible. In a tweet Friday, Trump quotes an article by Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of the Lawfare blog. It reads, "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." Trump tweeted, "A disgraceful decision!" Trump said Thursday that he did not believe the unanimous decision undercut his presidency and tweeted, "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" in response. Tags Wire Government And Politics European Mass Migration Crisis Business Government Policy Economy Politics National Courts Courts Judiciary National Governments Islam Religion Social Affairs Political Parties Political Organizations Healthcare Industry Regulation Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Government Regulations Immigration Social Issues Religion And Politics Religious Issues Travel Laws And Regulations Production Facilities Corporate News National Taxes Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Computer Hardware Manufacturing Information Technology Court Decisions Legal Proceedings Law And Order General News Voting Elections Fraud And False Statements Crime Voting Fraud And Irregularities International Relations National Security Military And Defense × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Tell us what you think It's been a year of comebacks in major league sports. Which is the the best of the past year? You voted: Patriots winning Super Bowl LI after trailing 28-3 in the third quarter Cubs winning the World Series after being down three games to one Cavaliers winning the NBA Championship in game seven against the most dominant regular season team ever Vote View Results Back The Latest: Trump has 'full confidence' in Flynn +9 White House seeks to regroup after stinging legal defeat +7 GOP lawmakers face angry crowds back home US officials corroborate aspects of dossier The next steps in the legal fight over Trump's travel ban Trump revives voter fraud claims in lunch with senators Travel ban opponents try to score more victories in court +12 Doll based on transgender teen to debut at New York Toy Fair +3 AP NewsAlert More on this topic The Latest: Trump has 'full confidence' in Flynn White House seeks to regroup after stinging legal defeat The next steps in the legal fight over Trump's travel ban Trump revives voter fraud claims in lunch with senators Travel ban opponents try to score more victories in court Trending now 2002 Muskie boys honored 15 years after unexpected run to state Connie L. Meixner-Smith Vickie Webber Anderson The Coffee Belt offers cozy hangout downtown L-M trio seize chances to continue careers in college Currents +14 World Photos: Meet Yevgeniya Zakhar, a Russian tattoo artist who turns abuse scars into butterflies Movies 25 movies worth reading subtitles for Food In celebration of National Pizza Day, a look a the pizza capitals of America Today’s top pics: Snowstorm pummels Northeast and more Your daily 6: RIP for the oldest American, hundreds of whales and L.L. Bean's return policy Today In History, Feb. 10: Barack Obama Today's Birthdays, Feb. 10: Glenn Beck The son of Anna Nicole Smith dies tragically Column: Loria tries to finish off great con in South Florida Kate Spade playful, Klein political at NY Fashion Week All art starts with a spark Latest Local Offers State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann offers a wonderful referral program - Refer someone to our office and receive a $10 gift card. For more information, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads Don't wait until you have an accident to find out if you're properly insured. Let State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her team help find the blindspots in your coverage now! Call now to schedule your free insurance and financial consultation! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann and her staff are here to serve Muscatine County with the best in home, life, and auto insurance and so much more! Bilingual services are also available! To schedule your consultation, call now! 563-263-2744 State Farm Agent Amanda Buenemann is here to provide insurance protection to help each and e… Amanda Buenemann State Farm 2711 University Dr., Muscatine , IA 52761 563-263-2744 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO GOP lawmakers face angry crowds back home US officials corroborate aspects of dossier The son of Anna Nicole Smith dies tragically The newest price tag for Donald Trump's US-Mexico border wall Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Our Properties: Gamasutra GameCareerGuide IndieGames GDC Vault GDC IGF SEARCH GO GAME JOBS updates Blogs contractors newsletter store SEARCH GO ALL CONSOLE/PC SMARTPHONE/TABLET INDEPENDENT VR/AR SOCIAL/ONLINE         PROGRAMMING ART AUDIO DESIGN PRODUCTION BIZ/MARKETING Latest Jobs View All     RSS February 11, 2017 Hangar 13 TECHNICAL DESIGNER Hangar 13 LEAD VFX ARTIST Skydance Interactive Lead Environment Artist Baobab FX Developer Akili Interactive Gameplay Engineer Versus Evil QA Standup Leader Latest Blogs View All     Post     RSS February 11, 2017 Design and Monetization Analysis of Fire Emblem Heroes Digital Blue and Gray: Historians Discuss Ultimate General: Gettysburg 7 Tips for Narrative Designer Hopefuls [1] The Unreliable Gamemaster: Player Motivation in Story-Driven Games [2] A Narrative Designer's Approach to NPCs Press Releases February 11, 2017 Games Press Presenting G2A Deal – five great games for... Love Blooms in STORY OF SEASONS: Trio of Towns First DevOps Release Automation Solution for Games... NINJA LOVE IS IN THE AIR WITH SPECIAL NARUTO... UBISOFT® ANNOUNCES U.S.S. ENTERPRISE ORIGINAL... View All     RSS About Editor-In-Chief: Kris Graft Senior Contributing Editor: Brandon Sheffield News Editors: Alex Wawro Advertising/Recruitment/Education: Courtney Blair Contact Gamasutra Report a Problem Submit News Comment Guidelines Blogging Guidelines How We Work Gama Network If you enjoy reading this site, you might also want to check out these UBM Tech sites: Game Career Guide Indie Games Gabe Newell opens up about Valve's VR plans February 10, 2017 | By Alex Wawro February 10, 2017 | By Alex Wawro     9 comments More: VR, Console/PC, Design, Business/Marketing 2016 was a big year for virtual reality devs: muliple headsets became commercially available, and with them came new markets that are filling up (though perhaps not as quickly as you might like) with potential customers. So what's next? According to Valve chief Gabe Newell, the future of VR is all power: lighter, more capable headsets that are hooked up to PCs much more powerful than what most people own right now. "VR is going to drive much higher computational and GPU loads than we see out of existing desktop games," Newell said recently.  "Like, I would argue that the smartest thing AMD and Intel and Nvidia could do is give away VR development systems to software developers, because we're going to consume the shit out of Intel and AMD CPUs! Much more so than high-end games are doing right now." Plus, he's confident that PC-powered room-scale VR will progress to "house-scale" VR in the near future, as it becomes possible to knit several "room-scale" VR spaces together into a single space. Of course, you'd need room-scale-capable wireless VR headsets too, but Newell believes they're a "solved problem" that are right around the corner. "My expectation is that [wireless] will be an add-on in 2017, and then it will be an integrated feature in 2018," said Newell, speaking during a recent press briefing attended by Gamasutra and other outlets. The conversations that ensued saw Newell and fellow staffers opening up a bit about the state of the company's VR hardware and software development efforts. More notably, for devs who are making VR games and want to continue making VR games for the foreseeable future, they spoke a bit about where they see the VR market going in the next few years -- and what steps the company is taking to try and nudge it forward. As we reported yesterday, Newell says Valve is currently developing three new "full" VR games, using both its own Source 2 engine and Unity. These are games Valve expects to charge for, games the company hopes will attract a lot of attention. Designing VR games with "mass appeal" "We're definitely trying to build stuff with mass appeal," Newell says, as opposed to the sort of prototypes and experiments (like The Lab) that have dominated Valve's VR software output to date. According to Newell, the folks at Valve have learned enough about VR development that they're willing to start making some bigger bets.   "We're pretty sure that all the game developers are going to learn positive or negative lessons from what we do, which is sort of where we think we need to be." "We have this theory: we think we can make three big games, we think that we know enough now to do that, and we're going to find out if that's the case. We're pretty sure that all the game developers are going to learn positive or negative lessons from what we do, which is sort of where we think we need to be," he said. "There will be really clear design choices that we're making, in each of these games. They're very different. Each game developer will be able to look at those and say, that was great, that was not as great. Which is part of, from our point of view, that's a useful charateristic of these three." Pushing VR game design forward is important to the folks at Valve because, according to Newell, there are some great VR experiences out there -- but not enough to justify millions of people buying PC-driven headsets. In Valve's eyes it's quality/quantity of available software, rather than price of entry, that's keeping a lot of people from buying into the VR market. "If you took the existing [PC-driven] VR systems and made them 80 percent cheaper, there's still not a huge market. There's still not a really incredibly compelling reason for people to spend 20 hours a day in VR," said Newell. "We actually think that if anything, most of the interesting stuff is going to be happening on the high end. That we're actually resolution-constrained, we're CPU-constrained, we're GPU-constrained. That's where the interesting stuff is gonna happen, not on the low end of the market. Once you've got it, once you've got something and you can say okay, this is the thing that causes millions of people to be excited about it, then you start worrying about cost-reducing."  "There's sort of an old joke that premature cost reduction is the root of all evil," he added. Building better VR hardware, informed by the needs of VR game makers Valve is also working to improve its VR hardware in conjunction with its VR game development efforts, a symbiotic arrangement that Newell likens to the way Nintendo handles game and hardware design. "One of the questions you might ask us, why in the world are we making hardware?" Newell said. "What we can do now is we can be designing hardware at the same time that we're designing software. This is something that Miyamoto has always had, right. He's had the ability to think about what input devices and the design of systems should be like, while he's trying to design games. And our sense is that that's going to allow us to actually build much better entertainment experiences for people." This has been the goal from the start, according to Newell. When it comes to the business of building VR hardware, Valve sees it as a valuable complement to its games and services businesses, rather than as an end in itself. "The idea isn't oh, we've suddenly thought we could make more money by building hardware," said Newell. "Hardware's actually traditionally been kind of a lousy, low-margin business. But in order to take what we think are interesting steps forward in terms of the kinds of experiences we design, we need the ability to be thinking more about everything the customer is doing." So how has that actually worked out, now that Valve has had Vive hardware on store shelves for nearly a year -- and been experimenting internally for far longer?  According to Newell, devs can see an example of how this process pays off by looking at the mockups of Valve's new VR controllers, which surfaced at Steam Dev Days last year and are far more akin to Oculus' Touch controllers than the wand controllers which come with the HTC Vive.  A (poor) snapshot of a prototype of Valve's new VR controller, which is meant to rest in the hand These new controllers "came from doing the first generation [of Vive controllers]; working on our games, people working on the games were like 'here's stuff we would actually use.' And then they'll mock it up, we'll do a hardware prototype, they'll go back and change the game. The process is iterative," said Newell. "And I think we have our own internal development process, and then we take it out to our development partners, other game developers, and say 'so this is what our thinking is.' So Robin Walker will sit down and say, 'this is why we think this is important for what we're developing. And this is how we express that in terms of the next generation of hardware design.' Then we ask other people, 'does that match what you're thinking, or not?' And we get feedback from that." This iterative process of making VR games, designing VR hardware around those projects, then taking it outside the company for feedback, seems to drum up a lot of excitement among Newell and his colleagues. It feels a bit like the way Oculus execs were talking about "hand presence" (via their Oculus Touch controllers, naturally) back in 2015 -- there's this sense of anticipation, like game makers will soon have a whole new, mature and multi-faceted method of input to explore, one distinct from gamepads, keyboards, and mice. "It feels like we've been stuck with mouse and keyboard for a really long time," Newell said. "And the opportunity to build much more interesting kinds of experiences for players were there; we just needed to sort of expand what we can do. But [for us] it's not about being in hardware. It's about building better games. About taking bigger leaps." Hoping VR is more like the DS than the Wii However, the folks at Valve are quick to point out that they may totally drop the ball -- that they are, in fact, trying to get comfortable with the notion that VR as a whole might still fail in spectacular fashion. Newell says he's optimistic about the future of VR, but admits he's been wrong before. "You can always be surprised, right. Like personally, I think the DS was kind of stupid, right? I was totally wrong. I thought Sony was going to crush Nintendo in that generation of handheld devices," said Newell. "I hadn't worked on it, I hadn't tried to design any games for it, and clearly the DS ended up being the winner. The flipside was, the first time I played Wii Sports -- just to continue using Nintendo as an example -- I was like oh my god, there's so much opportunity, there's so much potential here, that we're all going to go discover. And then it sort of turned out that Wii Sports pretty much nailed it. And that was it! Everything else just ended up....there was less sort of innovation, to mine, in that direction. So even when you're doing it, even when you have a really good instance where it seems like there's potential, you can still find out there isn't much there."   "Where we are today is way further down the road than we were a year ago, but it's just going to be this slow, kind of painful, fits and starts kind of thing." He went on to acknowledge that the VR market is still volatile, and it's yet unclear if/when it will see a significant expansion. We certainly saw the effects of that volatility last year, when some studios released VR games that became breakout successes -- Survios' Raw Data, Owlchemy Labs' Job Simulator, and Neat Corp.'s Budget Cuts spring to mind -- and many others released VR games that were "wildly unprofitable." "Yeah, the people who built VR, its sort of this trade-off," said Newell. "You say 'okay, how much risk am I taking on, and how much of an opportunity am I giving myself. How long is the runway gonna have to be before I really start to see explosive growth.' And each developer has to decide that." Going forward, Newell thinks most VR devs will continue to make VR games, the volatility of the market be damned. "I'm pretty sure there are almost no developers who are working on VR titles who are like saying 'Oh, I'm going to back off,'" he asserted. "They're all coming back and saying 'Oh, I'm gonna do more VR!'" However, he wants VR devs to appreciate and manage the risks that still plague the nascent VR game industry, and he reiterates that Valve is committed to working with developers to help them sort out funding concerns -- without any expectation of an exclusivity arrangement. "One conversation we have with some developers is around how they manage their risk, right. It's like you've got people building proprietary walled gardens who say be exclusive to us and we'll give you this bunch of money. And we're like, we hate exclusives. We think it's bad for everybody, certainly in the medium- to long-term, and I'd probably argue in the short-term as well," said Newell.  "But we're happy to say to people, look, you need to figure out how to manage your risk so you can develop the title you want to build. So let's have a conversation where we can help you manage your cashflow over the course of the development so you can go and build the thing you want. And get it out to market and start getting your money from where you should be, which is from your customers, rather than somebody else. We're perfectly willing to help people do that." "And then they say well, does that mean we have to be exclusive to Steam, or exclusive to the Vive, and we say oh hell no," he continued. "You guys should be making the best decisions for your customers, not having somebody else steer that. That's when we have conversations about that, it's usually around 'how do we pay the bills while we're building our next VR title.' And that's usually a pretty productive conversation. But it's really about smoothing out risk over the lifetime of VR investments." As we approach the one-year anniversary of the HTC Vive's debut, it's clear that Valve continues to view VR as less of a new platform (like, say, Steam Machines) and more of a new way of computing -- one that it's still intent on pushing forward.  The company is making a show of doubling down on VR game development, iterating on its VR hardware (devs should also expect an improved version of its Lighthouse tracking technology in the near future), and assuaging devs' fears about surviving and thriving in the fledgling VR market. "There's that little bit of tension between some people going out and saying oh there'll be millions of these, and we're like, wow....I don't think so," said Newell.  "Because I can't point to a single piece of content that would cause millions of people to justify changing their home computing at all. It's like a great thing for enthusiasts and hardcore people, and where we are today is way further down the road than we were a year ago, but it's just going to be this slow, kind of painful, fits and starts kind of thing." Related Jobs Hangar 13 — Novato, California, United States [02.10.17] TECHNICAL DESIGNER Hangar 13 — Novato, California, United States [02.10.17] LEAD VFX ARTIST Skydance Interactive — Marina Del Rey, California, United States [02.10.17] Lead Environment Artist Baobab — Redwood City, California, United States [02.10.17] FX Developer [View All Jobs] Top Stories Valve to replace Steam Greenlight with a fee-based game submission system Layoffs hit Activision-owned Infinity Ward, Beenox, and others Devs react to Valve's planned fee-based Steam submission system Blog: Design and monetization analysis of Fire Emblem Heroes [Next News Story]    [View All] 291225 newswire /view/news/291225/Gabe_Newell_opens_up_about_Valves_VR_plans.php Loading Comments TECHNOLOGY GROUP Black Hat Content Marketing Institute Content Marketing World Dark Reading Enterprise Connect Fusion GDC Gamasutra HDI ICMI InformationWeek Interop ITX Network Computing No Jitter VRDC COMMUNITIES SERVED Content Marketing Enterprise IT Enterprise Communications Game Development Information Security IT Services & Support WORKING WITH US Advertising Contacts Event Calendar Tech Marketing Solutions Contact Us Licensing Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright © 2017 UBM, All rights reserved
The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Hand It On Links Mentioned Investigators Entertainment News Crime Stoppers Slideshows Health Heart of Louisiana Video 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines Sportsline Friday Nite 2016 Warrick Dunn Award SFN Player of the Week Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Failure to pay THE INVESTIGATORS: FBI to investigate Hunt Correctional officers accused in inmate beating THE INVESTIGATORS: FBI confirms investigation into Hunt Correctional officers accused in inmate beating The Investigators: FEMA 6 Months Later WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner 2017-02-11T01:49:48Z2017-02-11T01:49:48Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). Thomas Donato, center, follows stock prices, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017, at the New York Stock Exchange. (Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP). Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. (AP Photo/Haven Daley). Members of the media line outside the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals building in San Francisco on Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017. A federal appeals court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from se... WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Robert Kraft, the owner of the Super Bowl-winning New England Patriots, is joining President Donald Trump, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and their wives for dinner at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. Trump began the dinner at Mar-a-Lago's crowded patio restaurant by talking up Kraft and joking that the assembled U.S. and Japanese press had heard Kraft was there. Trump said Kraft "knew he was going to win the game, even when he was down 28-3." The president also quipped about all the interpreters who had pulled up chairs to their not-so-large table. "We need more interpreters," he joked. "They don't play games." ___ 6:15 p.m. President Donald Trump's chief of staff says he expects new executive orders to be "enacted soon" in response to a federal court decision to block the administration's immigration ban. Reince Priebus told reporters Friday that "every single court option" is on the table as the administration contests a decision by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals to block Trump's executive order. A White House official said the new executive order could be a modified version of the one signed last month or a new version altogether. The official spoke anonymously because the issue is still under review. Priebus says the White House is "fighting out this case on the merits, which will be proven ultimately 100 percent correct and vindicated on the merits." - By Vivian Salama ___ 5:30 p.m. A White House official says President Donald Trump has "full confidence" in National Security Adviser Michael Flynn following reports that he discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. after the election. Trump advisers, including Vice President Mike Pence, previously said Flynn did not talk about the sanctions in his conversations with the Russian envoy. But the official said Flynn now says that while he does not recall talking about sanctions, he can't guarantee the matter did not come up. A second administration official says Flynn and Pence spoke in person Friday morning. The officials were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and insisted on anonymity. Trump told reporters traveling Friday on Air Force One that he had not seen a Washington Post report saying Flynn had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. -By Ken Thomas ___ 5:15 p.m. President Donald Trump says he's unaware of reports that his national security adviser discussed sanctions with the Russians before Trump was sworn into office. Trump told reporters flying with him to Florida that he'll look into the issue. The Washington Post first reported that Michael Flynn discussed the sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Vice President Mike Pence said last month that Flynn had spoken to the ambassador during the transition period to wish him a Merry Christmas and offer condolences after a deadly Russian plane crash, but he denied that sanctions had come up in the conversation. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday: "I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?" Flynn is among the passengers flying aboard the plane. ___ 5:05 p.m. President Donald Trump says that he's considering signing a new executive order on immigration as the one he signed suspending the nation's refugee program and barring citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries is held up in court. Trump tells reporters aboard Air Force One on his way to Florida that he's confident he'll win his court battle. But he says, "we also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order." He adds: "We need speed for reasons of security. So it could very well be that we do that." Trump says a new order would likely change "very little" from the first and says he'll likely act next Monday or Tuesday. He adds of his decision: "I'd like to surprise you." ___ 3:55 p.m. President Donald Trump has revived claims of voter fraud, arguing in a lunch meeting with senators that he and former GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte would have won in New Hampshire if not for voters bused in from out of state. That's according to a GOP official with knowledge of Thursday's lunch conversation. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because it was a private meeting. Ayotte was present for the meeting at the White House with a bipartisan group of 10 senators because she is working with Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Trump's comments were first reported by Politico. There is no evidence of people being improperly bused into New Hampshire to vote. -By Erica Werner. ___ 3:50 p.m. A White House official says the Trump administration will likely contest the merits of its travel ban in district court rather than appeal a restraining order on the ban in the Supreme Court. The official also left open the possibility that the White House could rework President Donald Trump's original executive order that temporarily halted entry to the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries. The official says "all options" are on the table with regard to that order. On Thursday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a 3-0 decision that kept Trump's travel ban from going back into effect. Trump says he has "no doubt" his administration will ultimately win in court. The official was not authorized to discuss the administration's planning publicly and insisted on anonymity. -By Julie Pace ___ 3:35 p.m. First lady Melania Trump is getting her first ride on Air Force One. Mrs. Trump, who is not yet living in the White House full time, greeted President Donald Trump on the tarmac at Joint Base Andrews before a trip to Florida. The Trumps are playing host this weekend at their Florida estate to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. It's the first time Mrs. Trump has been seen in the Washington area since Trump took office on Jan. 20. It was unclear how long she'd been in town. The first lady joined her husband last weekend at their estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Mrs. Trump is living full time in New York with the couple's 10-year-old son, Barron, through the end of the school year. ___ 1:45 p.m. At his press conference with the Japanese prime minister, President Donald Trump touted plans by Intel announced this week to open a $7 billion factory because of his administration's planned tax cuts. But that's not the whole story behind the Chandler, Arizona facility_which began construction during Barack Obama's presidency. In fact, Obama appeared at the side of Intel's CEO when the factory was announced and even spoke at the construction site in 2012. Intel never finished its "Fab 42" factory because there was insufficient demand for its high-powered computer chips, a spokesman said this week. The company plans to complete the facility within four years because it expects its business to grow. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said he made his announcement at the White House in support of the president's tax and regulatory policies, which have yet to be publicly detailed. ___ 1:40 p.m. President Donald Trump says he had a "very, very warm conversation" with Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) and says he thinks the two global powers are "on the process of getting along very well." Trump notes in a joint news conference with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (shin-zoh ah-bay) that he has been complaining about currency devaluation with China for a long time. He predicts "we will all be at a level playing field." Trump told the Chinese leader in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. would honor Washington's "one China" policy, which had been in question since Trump broke protocol and spoke to the leader of Taiwan after his election. The White House said the reaffirmation of U.S. policy came at Xi's request. Trump made no mention of the "one China" dispute in his remarks. ___ 1:30 p.m. President Donald Trump says he has "no doubt" that he will prevail in the federal court case over his travel ban. He also promises to take additional steps to improve U.S. security. Trump commented a day after a San Francisco-based U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his temporary ban on travel to the U.S. by refugees and residents of seven mostly Muslim countries in the name of national security. Speaking at a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump says the administration will continue to work the case through the court process. He says he has "no doubt that we'll win" the case. Trump says the administration will do whatever is necessary to keep the country safe. ___ 11:45 a.m. Rep. Tom Price of Georgia has been sworn in as health and human services secretary, setting the stage for the conservative to play a leading role in dismantling President Barack Obama's health care law. Vice President Mike Pence administered the oath to Price hours after he won Senate confirmation on a narrow 52-47 vote early Friday. Price is an orthopedic surgeon who is expected to help scuttle the Affordable Care Act, in part, by issuing regulations to weaken it. Democrats assailed Price as an ideologue with a questionable history of trading health care stocks and warned that he would take away health insurance from millions of Americans. ___ 10:50 p.m. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi is praising a federal appeals court decision against reinstating President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, saying Trump proceeded on the issue in an "incompetent and strategically incoherent" way. Wrapping up their annual retreat in Baltimore on Friday, House Democrats reveled in the administration's court loss. Pelosi said the ban would make Americans less safe. "This is a major, major, major defeat for the administration," said New York Rep. Joe Crowley, leader of the House Democratic Caucus. "And I think there will be more, because they will continue to overstep." Crowley also criticized Trump's all caps tweet just after the decision Thursday that said "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" "The president needs to grow up," Crowley said. ___ 10:15 a.m. Fitch Ratings says President Donald Trump "represents a risk to international economic conditions," noting that his "aggressive tone" and willingness to float "unanticipated changes" to U.S. policies could harm worldwide growth and make it more expensive for governments to borrow. Judging by its opening weeks, the Trump administration could potentially disrupt foreign trade, reduce the flow of capital, limit migration and provoke "confrontational exchanges" that could destabilize volatile financial markets, the credit ratings firm said in a Friday statement. Fitch noted that other promised policies in a Trump administration such as tax cuts, fewer regulations and more infrastructure spending could boost U.S. growth. But its note stressed the possibility of Trump disrupting foreign economies as he seeks to renegotiate trade deals. ___ 9:47 a.m. President Vladimir Putin says he's grateful to Slovenia for its offer to host his first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, adding that it will depend on Washington. Speaking after the Kremlin talks Friday with his Slovenian counterpart, Putin said that Russia welcomes Trump's statements about the need to restore the strained Russia-U.S. ties. He said Moscow is waiting for the Trump administration to prepare for a dialogue. He added that Moscow and Washington could jointly tackle the terror threat and deal with other global challenges. Putin thanked the Slovenian president for his readiness to organize his meeting with Trump. He added it will depend on the U.S. on whether to hold such a meeting. __ 9 a.m. President Donald Trump is lashing out at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision against reinstating his refugee and immigration order, calling it "a disgraceful decision." Trump has been pointing to a federal law that details when immigration restrictions by the president is permissible. In a tweet Friday, Trump quotes an article by Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of the Lawfare blog. It reads, "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." Trump tweeted, "A disgraceful decision!" Trump said Thursday that he did not believe the unanimous decision undercut his presidency and tweeted, "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" in response. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:07 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:08 GMT Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start. More >> Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start.More >> Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:07 AM EST2017-02-11 08:07:11 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:07 AM EST2017-02-11 08:07:11 GMT An Iranian infant soon will have life-saving heart surgery in Portland after she was temporarily banned from coming into the U.S. by President Donald Trump's immigration order. More >> An Iranian infant soon will have life-saving heart surgery in Portland after she was temporarily banned from coming into the U.S. by President Donald Trump's immigration order.More >> Ice jam breaks, allowing some Idaho flood waters to recede Ice jam breaks, allowing some Idaho flood waters to recede Authorities in northern Idaho are warning residents who live along the St. Joe River to expect flooding when an ice jam on the river breaks free.More >> Authorities in northern Idaho are warning residents who live along the St. Joe River to expect flooding when an ice jam on the river breaks free.More >> Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:42 PM EST2017-02-11 04:42:55 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:42 PM EST2017-02-11 04:42:55 GMT U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on a tour of nation's border with Mexico that he couldn't define a sanctuary city.More >> U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on a tour of nation's border with Mexico that he couldn't define a sanctuary city.More >> AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT (AP Photo/Nick Ut). Marlene Mosqueda, left, who's father was deported early Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, is comforted at a news conference by her attorney Karla Navarrette at The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA). Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump. More >> Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> A divided, testy Senate confirms Trump health secretary A divided, testy Senate confirms Trump health secretary Republicans have won Senate confirmation of President Donald Trump's choice for health secretary More >> Republicans have won Senate confirmation of President Donald Trump's choice for health secretaryMore >> Painting stolen by Nazis returned to Jewish owner's heirs Painting stolen by Nazis returned to Jewish owner's heirs Decades after a German Jewish art owner was forced by Nazis to sell his collection, the FBI has returned one of the pieces to its rightful heirs More >> Decades after a German Jewish art owner was forced by Nazis to sell his collection, the FBI has returned one of the pieces to its rightful heirsMore >> Silencing of Warren throws Senate into turmoil Silencing of Warren throws Senate into turmoil Senate Republicans silenced Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren for criticizing colleague and attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions with the words of Coretta Scott King from three decades ago More >> Senate Republicans silenced Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren for criticizing colleague and attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions with the words of Coretta Scott King from three decades agoMore >> The Latest: Thousands jam Boston for Patriots victory parade The Latest: Thousands jam Boston for Patriots victory parade Snowflakes, raindrops and sticky confetti aren't dampening the mood at Boston's Super Bowl parade for the New England Patriots More >> Snowflakes, raindrops and sticky confetti aren't dampening the mood at Boston's Super Bowl parade for the New England PatriotsMore >> Sweetest of all: Patriots reign in mighty Super Bowl rally Sweetest of all: Patriots reign in mighty Super Bowl rally A comeback like no other: Brady rallies Patriots from 25 points down to 34-28 OT win and 5th title More >> A comeback like no other: Brady rallies Patriots from 25 points down to 34-28 OT win and 5th titleMore >> Activists: Charities must move galas from Trump's Mar-a-Lago Activists: Charities must move galas from Trump's Mar-a-Lago Protesters are demanding that charities move their upcoming galas from President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort More >> Protesters are demanding that charities move their upcoming galas from President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resortMore >> Trump's hardline views prompt nonprofits to reject aid money Trump's hardline views prompt nonprofits to reject aid money Some nonprofit groups working on behalf of Muslim and Arab communities in the U.S. are rejecting federal grants in response to President Donald Trump's actions. More >> Some nonprofit groups working on behalf of Muslim and Arab communities in the U.S. are rejecting federal grants in response to President Donald Trump's actions.More >> Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone President Donald Trump is rattling U.S. relations with friends and foes alike with a series of aggressive moves that have alarmed even members of Trump's party. More >> President Donald Trump is rattling U.S. relations with friends and foes alike with a series of aggressive moves that have alarmed even members of Trump's party.More >> Senate confirms Tillerson to be Trump's secretary of state Senate confirms Tillerson to be Trump's secretary of state The Republican-led Senate has confirmed Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state, a crucial member of President Donald Trump's national security team More >> The Republican-led Senate has confirmed Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state, a crucial member of President Donald Trump's national security teamMore >> Trump vows to repeal political limits on churches Trump vows to repeal political limits on churches President Donald Trump vowed Thursday to repeal a rarely enforced IRS rule that says pastors who endorse candidates from the pulpit risk losing their tax-exempt status. More >> President Donald Trump vowed Thursday to repeal a rarely enforced IRS rule that says pastors who endorse candidates from the pulpit risk losing their tax-exempt status.More >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it President Donald Trump, second from right, and first lady Melania Trump, left, sit down to dinner with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, center, at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla., Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. Robert Kraft, owner of the New England Patriots is seated second from left. The Trumps are hosting Abe and his wife for the weekend. (Susan Walsh/Associated Press) By Associated Press By Associated Press February 10 at 8:45 PM WASHINGTON — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Robert Kraft, the owner of the Super Bowl-winning New England Patriots, is joining President Donald Trump, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and their wives for dinner at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. Trump began the dinner at Mar-a-Lago’s crowded patio restaurant by talking up Kraft and joking that the assembled U.S. and Japanese press had heard Kraft was there. Trump said Kraft “knew he was going to win the game, even when he was down 28-3.” The president also quipped about all the interpreters who had pulled up chairs to their not-so-large table. “We need more interpreters,” he joked. “They don’t play games.” ___ 6:15 p.m. President Donald Trump’s chief of staff says he expects new executive orders to be “enacted soon” in response to a federal court decision to block the administration’s immigration ban. Reince Priebus told reporters Friday that “every single court option” is on the table as the administration contests a decision by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals to block Trump’s executive order. A White House official said the new executive order could be a modified version of the one signed last month or a new version altogether. The official spoke anonymously because the issue is still under review. Priebus says the White House is “fighting out this case on the merits, which will be proven ultimately 100 percent correct and vindicated on the merits.” — By Vivian Salama ___ 5:30 p.m. A White House official says President Donald Trump has “full confidence” in National Security Adviser Michael Flynn following reports that he discussed sanctions with Russia’s ambassador to the U.S. after the election. Trump advisers, including Vice President Mike Pence, previously said Flynn did not talk about the sanctions in his conversations with the Russian envoy. But the official said Flynn now says that while he does not recall talking about sanctions, he can’t guarantee the matter did not come up. A second administration official says Flynn and Pence spoke in person Friday morning. The officials were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and insisted on anonymity. Trump told reporters traveling Friday on Air Force One that he had not seen a Washington Post report saying Flynn had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. —By Ken Thomas ___ 5:15 p.m. President Donald Trump says he’s unaware of reports that his national security adviser discussed sanctions with the Russians before Trump was sworn into office. Trump told reporters flying with him to Florida that he’ll look into the issue. The Washington Post first reported that Michael Flynn discussed the sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Vice President Mike Pence said last month that Flynn had spoken to the ambassador during the transition period to wish him a Merry Christmas and offer condolences after a deadly Russian plane crash, but he denied that sanctions had come up in the conversation. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday: “I don’t know about it. I haven’t seen it. What report is that?” Flynn is among the passengers flying aboard the plane. ___ 5:05 p.m. President Donald Trump says that he’s considering signing a new executive order on immigration as the one he signed suspending the nation’s refugee program and barring citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries is held up in court. Trump tells reporters aboard Air Force One on his way to Florida that he’s confident he’ll win his court battle. But he says, “we also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order.” He adds: “We need speed for reasons of security. So it could very well be that we do that.” Trump says a new order would likely change “very little” from the first and says he’ll likely act next Monday or Tuesday. He adds of his decision: “I’d like to surprise you.” ___ 3:55 p.m. President Donald Trump has revived claims of voter fraud, arguing in a lunch meeting with senators that he and former GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte would have won in New Hampshire if not for voters bused in from out of state. That’s according to a GOP official with knowledge of Thursday’s lunch conversation. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because it was a private meeting. Ayotte was present for the meeting at the White House with a bipartisan group of 10 senators because she is working with Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. Trump’s comments were first reported by Politico. There is no evidence of people being improperly bused into New Hampshire to vote. —By Erica Werner. ___ 3:50 p.m. A White House official says the Trump administration will likely contest the merits of its travel ban in district court rather than appeal a restraining order on the ban in the Supreme Court. The official also left open the possibility that the White House could rework President Donald Trump’s original executive order that temporarily halted entry to the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries. The official says “all options” are on the table with regard to that order. On Thursday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a 3-0 decision that kept Trump’s travel ban from going back into effect. Trump says he has “no doubt” his administration will ultimately win in court. The official was not authorized to discuss the administration’s planning publicly and insisted on anonymity. —By Julie Pace ___ 3:35 p.m. First lady Melania Trump is getting her first ride on Air Force One. Mrs. Trump, who is not yet living in the White House full time, greeted President Donald Trump on the tarmac at Joint Base Andrews before a trip to Florida. The Trumps are playing host this weekend at their Florida estate to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. It’s the first time Mrs. Trump has been seen in the Washington area since Trump took office on Jan. 20. It was unclear how long she’d been in town. The first lady joined her husband last weekend at their estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Mrs. Trump is living full time in New York with the couple’s 10-year-old son, Barron, through the end of the school year. ___ 1:45 p.m. At his press conference with the Japanese prime minister, President Donald Trump touted plans by Intel announced this week to open a $7 billion factory because of his administration’s planned tax cuts. But that’s not the whole story behind the Chandler, Arizona facility_which began construction during Barack Obama’s presidency. In fact, Obama appeared at the side of Intel’s CEO when the factory was announced and even spoke at the construction site in 2012. Intel never finished its “Fab 42” factory because there was insufficient demand for its high-powered computer chips, a spokesman said this week. The company plans to complete the facility within four years because it expects its business to grow. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said he made his announcement at the White House in support of the president’s tax and regulatory policies, which have yet to be publicly detailed. ___ 1:40 p.m. President Donald Trump says he had a “very, very warm conversation” with Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) and says he thinks the two global powers are “on the process of getting along very well.” Trump notes in a joint news conference with Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (shin-zoh ah-bay) that he has been complaining about currency devaluation with China for a long time. He predicts “we will all be at a level playing field.” Trump told the Chinese leader in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. would honor Washington’s “one China” policy, which had been in question since Trump broke protocol and spoke to the leader of Taiwan after his election. The White House said the reaffirmation of U.S. policy came at Xi’s request. Trump made no mention of the “one China” dispute in his remarks. ___ 1:30 p.m. President Donald Trump says he has “no doubt” that he will prevail in the federal court case over his travel ban. He also promises to take additional steps to improve U.S. security. Trump commented a day after a San Francisco-based U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his temporary ban on travel to the U.S. by refugees and residents of seven mostly Muslim countries in the name of national security. Speaking at a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump says the administration will continue to work the case through the court process. He says he has “no doubt that we’ll win” the case. Trump says the administration will do whatever is necessary to keep the country safe. ___ 11:45 a.m. Rep. Tom Price of Georgia has been sworn in as health and human services secretary, setting the stage for the conservative to play a leading role in dismantling President Barack Obama’s health care law. Vice President Mike Pence administered the oath to Price hours after he won Senate confirmation on a narrow 52-47 vote early Friday. Price is an orthopedic surgeon who is expected to help scuttle the Affordable Care Act, in part, by issuing regulations to weaken it. Democrats assailed Price as an ideologue with a questionable history of trading health care stocks and warned that he would take away health insurance from millions of Americans. ___ 10:50 p.m. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi is praising a federal appeals court decision against reinstating President Donald Trump’s ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, saying Trump proceeded on the issue in an “incompetent and strategically incoherent” way. Wrapping up their annual retreat in Baltimore on Friday, House Democrats reveled in the administration’s court loss. Pelosi said the ban would make Americans less safe. “This is a major, major, major defeat for the administration,” said New York Rep. Joe Crowley, leader of the House Democratic Caucus. “And I think there will be more, because they will continue to overstep.” Crowley also criticized Trump’s all caps tweet just after the decision Thursday that said “SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!” “The president needs to grow up,” Crowley said. ___ 10:15 a.m. Fitch Ratings says President Donald Trump “represents a risk to international economic conditions,” noting that his “aggressive tone” and willingness to float “unanticipated changes” to U.S. policies could harm worldwide growth and make it more expensive for governments to borrow. Judging by its opening weeks, the Trump administration could potentially disrupt foreign trade, reduce the flow of capital, limit migration and provoke “confrontational exchanges” that could destabilize volatile financial markets, the credit ratings firm said in a Friday statement. Fitch noted that other promised policies in a Trump administration such as tax cuts, fewer regulations and more infrastructure spending could boost U.S. growth. But its note stressed the possibility of Trump disrupting foreign economies as he seeks to renegotiate trade deals. ___ 9:47 a.m. President Vladimir Putin says he’s grateful to Slovenia for its offer to host his first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, adding that it will depend on Washington. Speaking after the Kremlin talks Friday with his Slovenian counterpart, Putin said that Russia welcomes Trump’s statements about the need to restore the strained Russia-U.S. ties. He said Moscow is waiting for the Trump administration to prepare for a dialogue. He added that Moscow and Washington could jointly tackle the terror threat and deal with other global challenges. Putin thanked the Slovenian president for his readiness to organize his meeting with Trump. He added it will depend on the U.S. on whether to hold such a meeting. __ 9 a.m. President Donald Trump is lashing out at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision against reinstating his refugee and immigration order, calling it “a disgraceful decision.” Trump has been pointing to a federal law that details when immigration restrictions by the president is permissible. In a tweet Friday, Trump quotes an article by Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of the Lawfare blog. It reads, “Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute.” Trump tweeted, “A disgraceful decision!” Trump said Thursday that he did not believe the unanimous decision undercut his presidency and tweeted, “SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!” in response. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email TOP STORIES Hundreds arrested in immigration enforcement raids in at least six states The raids marked the first large-scale enforcement of Trump’s order to crack down on the millions of immigrants living here illegally. The actions, which officials said targeted known criminals, also netted some immigrants who did not have criminal records — an apparent departure from Obama administration policy. By Lisa Rein, Abigail Hauslohner and Sandhya Somashekhar 7 hours ago Trump considers ‘brand new’ travel ban, taking battle to Supreme Court After an appeals court declined to reinstate the immigration order, White House and Justice Department officials began mulling options: Rewriting the order to restore some aspects of the ban, waging battle in lower courts or taking the case to the Supreme Court. The administration faces a difficult fight to restore the ban but, Trump said, “We will win that battle.” By Matt Zapotosky, Philip Rucker and Rachel Weiner 8 hours ago Republicans tight-lipped on court decision against Trump’s travel ban In bid to contain fallout, Flynn talks with Pence over discussions about sanctions on Russia The vice president had apparently relied on inaccurate accounts from the national security adviser before denying sanctions were discussed with the Russian ambassador. By Greg Miller 5 hours ago The Fix: How much trouble is Flynn in? Listen ‘I would draw a line in the sand’ (Video: Peter Stevenson/Post; photo: AP) Anger over Trump agenda erupts at GOP lawmakers’ town halls Massive demonstrations by constituents are an early indication of how progressive opposition movements are mobilizing. The size and tone of the crowds are feeding Republicans’ worries and Democrats’ view that the GOP agenda, coupled with President Trump’s tone and missteps, have activated voters who may have sat out previous elections. By Kelsey Snell, Paul Schwartzman, Steve Friess and David Weigel 9 hours ago Kellyanne Conway hires a chief of staff, a move that asserts her influence in Trump’s White House By hiring Renee Hudson, a top aide to Rep. Todd Rokita (R-Ind.), Conway is asserting and perhaps growing her influence in the White House, where a coterie of top advisers has been competing for Trump’s ear and over the shape of his agenda. By Philip Rucker and Ashley Parker 6 hours ago The Fix: Add to the list of what Trump is shaking up: Handshakes Analysis: Once again, Trump claims fraud cost him an electoral win. This time, it’s New Hampshire. Share news tips with us confidentially Do you have information the public should know? Here are some ways you can securely send information and documents to Post journalists. Learn more 15 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 How Canada is trying to capitalize on Trump’s immigration executive order 2 NASA took on an unprecedented study of Greenland’s melting. Now, the data are coming in 3 Why Whole Foods is now struggling 4 The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner 5 Temperatures in the Arctic are skyrocketing — for the third time this winter Market Watch DJIA 0.48% NASDAQ 0.33% Get quote Last Update: 02/11/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Micron’s QuantX 3D Xpoint storage coming in late 2017, will challenge Intel Optane 02/06/2017 at 4:49 PM by Brad Linder Leave a Comment The first Intel Optane storage products should begin shipping soon, and it’s expected to show up in some laptop and desktop computers that launch in early 2017. Optane storage is expected to be up to 10 times as fast as the flash storage used in most existing solid state drives. While the first Optane products are expected to be used for storage, it’s fast enough that there’s also talk of using the technology as a non-volatile replacement for RAM. But Intel isn’t the only company planning to launch new products based on the 3D Xpoint technology used in Optane products. Intel co-developed 3D Xpoint technology with Micron, and PC World reports that Micron plans to launch its own products based on the technology by the end of the year. While Intel’s first Optane products include relatively small storage drives that’ll be combined with higher-capacity SSDs or hard drives to offer a speed boost to PCs, Micron is said to be focusing on solutions for high-end PCs and servers. Micron calls its 3D Xpoint products QuantX, and the company plans to offer both SSD and DRAM based on the technology. There’s no word yet on how much QuantX products will cost, but the fact that Micron is focusing on high-end products suggests they won’t be cheap… at least not initially. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Latest News BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 is a cheap, rugged Android phone Budget phone maker BLU's latest device is a $130 Android smartphone that has a … [Read More...] Reports: Xiaomi is working on its own line of smartphone chips, dubbed “Pinecone” Chinese phone maker Xiaomi also produces a whole bunch of other things, … [Read More...] GPD Pocket 7 inch laptop crowfunding campaign starts Feb 15th The GPD Pocket is a tiny laptop computer with a 7 inch full HD display, an Intel … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (2-10-2017) Sure, the biggest smartphone show of the year is coming up at the end of the … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Hand It On Links Mentioned Investigators Entertainment News Crime Stoppers Slideshows Health Heart of Louisiana Video 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters Power of 9 WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS LSU Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines Sportsline Friday Nite 2016 Warrick Dunn Award SFN Player of the Week Traffic Baton Rouge Area Traffic Incidents DOTD Road Closures and Traffic Cameras National Highway Traffic Safety Adminstration Investigators Baton Rouge: Interactive homicide map THE INVESTIGATORS: Failure to pay THE INVESTIGATORS: FBI to investigate Hunt Correctional officers accused in inmate beating THE INVESTIGATORS: FBI confirms investigation into Hunt Correctional officers accused in inmate beating The Investigators: FEMA 6 Months Later WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Community Stirrin It Up Recipes About Programming 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Contact 9 Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business The Latest: Patriots owner joins Trump, Abe for dinner 2017-02-11T01:49:48Z2017-02-11T01:49:48Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). Thomas Donato, center, follows stock prices, Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017, at the New York Stock Exchange. (Mikhail Klimentyev/Sputnik, Kremlin Pool Photo via AP). Russian President Vladimir Putin meets with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in the Kremlin in Moscow, Russia, Friday, Feb. 10, 2017. (AP Photo/Haven Daley). Members of the media line outside the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals building in San Francisco on Thursday, Feb. 9, 2017. A federal appeals court refused Thursday to reinstate President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from se... WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times local): 8:30 p.m. Robert Kraft, the owner of the Super Bowl-winning New England Patriots, is joining President Donald Trump, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and their wives for dinner at Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. Trump began the dinner at Mar-a-Lago's crowded patio restaurant by talking up Kraft and joking that the assembled U.S. and Japanese press had heard Kraft was there. Trump said Kraft "knew he was going to win the game, even when he was down 28-3." The president also quipped about all the interpreters who had pulled up chairs to their not-so-large table. "We need more interpreters," he joked. "They don't play games." ___ 6:15 p.m. President Donald Trump's chief of staff says he expects new executive orders to be "enacted soon" in response to a federal court decision to block the administration's immigration ban. Reince Priebus told reporters Friday that "every single court option" is on the table as the administration contests a decision by the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals to block Trump's executive order. A White House official said the new executive order could be a modified version of the one signed last month or a new version altogether. The official spoke anonymously because the issue is still under review. Priebus says the White House is "fighting out this case on the merits, which will be proven ultimately 100 percent correct and vindicated on the merits." - By Vivian Salama ___ 5:30 p.m. A White House official says President Donald Trump has "full confidence" in National Security Adviser Michael Flynn following reports that he discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. after the election. Trump advisers, including Vice President Mike Pence, previously said Flynn did not talk about the sanctions in his conversations with the Russian envoy. But the official said Flynn now says that while he does not recall talking about sanctions, he can't guarantee the matter did not come up. A second administration official says Flynn and Pence spoke in person Friday morning. The officials were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly and insisted on anonymity. Trump told reporters traveling Friday on Air Force One that he had not seen a Washington Post report saying Flynn had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador. -By Ken Thomas ___ 5:15 p.m. President Donald Trump says he's unaware of reports that his national security adviser discussed sanctions with the Russians before Trump was sworn into office. Trump told reporters flying with him to Florida that he'll look into the issue. The Washington Post first reported that Michael Flynn discussed the sanctions with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Vice President Mike Pence said last month that Flynn had spoken to the ambassador during the transition period to wish him a Merry Christmas and offer condolences after a deadly Russian plane crash, but he denied that sanctions had come up in the conversation. Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday: "I don't know about it. I haven't seen it. What report is that?" Flynn is among the passengers flying aboard the plane. ___ 5:05 p.m. President Donald Trump says that he's considering signing a new executive order on immigration as the one he signed suspending the nation's refugee program and barring citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries is held up in court. Trump tells reporters aboard Air Force One on his way to Florida that he's confident he'll win his court battle. But he says, "we also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order." He adds: "We need speed for reasons of security. So it could very well be that we do that." Trump says a new order would likely change "very little" from the first and says he'll likely act next Monday or Tuesday. He adds of his decision: "I'd like to surprise you." ___ 3:55 p.m. President Donald Trump has revived claims of voter fraud, arguing in a lunch meeting with senators that he and former GOP Sen. Kelly Ayotte would have won in New Hampshire if not for voters bused in from out of state. That's according to a GOP official with knowledge of Thursday's lunch conversation. The person spoke on condition of anonymity because it was a private meeting. Ayotte was present for the meeting at the White House with a bipartisan group of 10 senators because she is working with Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump's Supreme Court nominee. Trump's comments were first reported by Politico. There is no evidence of people being improperly bused into New Hampshire to vote. -By Erica Werner. ___ 3:50 p.m. A White House official says the Trump administration will likely contest the merits of its travel ban in district court rather than appeal a restraining order on the ban in the Supreme Court. The official also left open the possibility that the White House could rework President Donald Trump's original executive order that temporarily halted entry to the U.S. from seven majority-Muslim countries. The official says "all options" are on the table with regard to that order. On Thursday, the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals issued a 3-0 decision that kept Trump's travel ban from going back into effect. Trump says he has "no doubt" his administration will ultimately win in court. The official was not authorized to discuss the administration's planning publicly and insisted on anonymity. -By Julie Pace ___ 3:35 p.m. First lady Melania Trump is getting her first ride on Air Force One. Mrs. Trump, who is not yet living in the White House full time, greeted President Donald Trump on the tarmac at Joint Base Andrews before a trip to Florida. The Trumps are playing host this weekend at their Florida estate to Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. It's the first time Mrs. Trump has been seen in the Washington area since Trump took office on Jan. 20. It was unclear how long she'd been in town. The first lady joined her husband last weekend at their estate in Palm Beach, Florida. Mrs. Trump is living full time in New York with the couple's 10-year-old son, Barron, through the end of the school year. ___ 1:45 p.m. At his press conference with the Japanese prime minister, President Donald Trump touted plans by Intel announced this week to open a $7 billion factory because of his administration's planned tax cuts. But that's not the whole story behind the Chandler, Arizona facility_which began construction during Barack Obama's presidency. In fact, Obama appeared at the side of Intel's CEO when the factory was announced and even spoke at the construction site in 2012. Intel never finished its "Fab 42" factory because there was insufficient demand for its high-powered computer chips, a spokesman said this week. The company plans to complete the facility within four years because it expects its business to grow. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said he made his announcement at the White House in support of the president's tax and regulatory policies, which have yet to be publicly detailed. ___ 1:40 p.m. President Donald Trump says he had a "very, very warm conversation" with Chinese President Xi Jinping (shee jihn-peeng) and says he thinks the two global powers are "on the process of getting along very well." Trump notes in a joint news conference with Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe (shin-zoh ah-bay) that he has been complaining about currency devaluation with China for a long time. He predicts "we will all be at a level playing field." Trump told the Chinese leader in a phone call on Thursday that the U.S. would honor Washington's "one China" policy, which had been in question since Trump broke protocol and spoke to the leader of Taiwan after his election. The White House said the reaffirmation of U.S. policy came at Xi's request. Trump made no mention of the "one China" dispute in his remarks. ___ 1:30 p.m. President Donald Trump says he has "no doubt" that he will prevail in the federal court case over his travel ban. He also promises to take additional steps to improve U.S. security. Trump commented a day after a San Francisco-based U.S. appeals court refused to reinstate his temporary ban on travel to the U.S. by refugees and residents of seven mostly Muslim countries in the name of national security. Speaking at a White House news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Trump says the administration will continue to work the case through the court process. He says he has "no doubt that we'll win" the case. Trump says the administration will do whatever is necessary to keep the country safe. ___ 11:45 a.m. Rep. Tom Price of Georgia has been sworn in as health and human services secretary, setting the stage for the conservative to play a leading role in dismantling President Barack Obama's health care law. Vice President Mike Pence administered the oath to Price hours after he won Senate confirmation on a narrow 52-47 vote early Friday. Price is an orthopedic surgeon who is expected to help scuttle the Affordable Care Act, in part, by issuing regulations to weaken it. Democrats assailed Price as an ideologue with a questionable history of trading health care stocks and warned that he would take away health insurance from millions of Americans. ___ 10:50 p.m. House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi is praising a federal appeals court decision against reinstating President Donald Trump's ban on travelers from seven predominantly Muslim nations, saying Trump proceeded on the issue in an "incompetent and strategically incoherent" way. Wrapping up their annual retreat in Baltimore on Friday, House Democrats reveled in the administration's court loss. Pelosi said the ban would make Americans less safe. "This is a major, major, major defeat for the administration," said New York Rep. Joe Crowley, leader of the House Democratic Caucus. "And I think there will be more, because they will continue to overstep." Crowley also criticized Trump's all caps tweet just after the decision Thursday that said "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" "The president needs to grow up," Crowley said. ___ 10:15 a.m. Fitch Ratings says President Donald Trump "represents a risk to international economic conditions," noting that his "aggressive tone" and willingness to float "unanticipated changes" to U.S. policies could harm worldwide growth and make it more expensive for governments to borrow. Judging by its opening weeks, the Trump administration could potentially disrupt foreign trade, reduce the flow of capital, limit migration and provoke "confrontational exchanges" that could destabilize volatile financial markets, the credit ratings firm said in a Friday statement. Fitch noted that other promised policies in a Trump administration such as tax cuts, fewer regulations and more infrastructure spending could boost U.S. growth. But its note stressed the possibility of Trump disrupting foreign economies as he seeks to renegotiate trade deals. ___ 9:47 a.m. President Vladimir Putin says he's grateful to Slovenia for its offer to host his first meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump, adding that it will depend on Washington. Speaking after the Kremlin talks Friday with his Slovenian counterpart, Putin said that Russia welcomes Trump's statements about the need to restore the strained Russia-U.S. ties. He said Moscow is waiting for the Trump administration to prepare for a dialogue. He added that Moscow and Washington could jointly tackle the terror threat and deal with other global challenges. Putin thanked the Slovenian president for his readiness to organize his meeting with Trump. He added it will depend on the U.S. on whether to hold such a meeting. __ 9 a.m. President Donald Trump is lashing out at the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals decision against reinstating his refugee and immigration order, calling it "a disgraceful decision." Trump has been pointing to a federal law that details when immigration restrictions by the president is permissible. In a tweet Friday, Trump quotes an article by Benjamin Wittes, editor-in-chief of the Lawfare blog. It reads, "Remarkably, in the entire opinion, the panel did not bother even to cite this (the) statute." Trump tweeted, "A disgraceful decision!" Trump said Thursday that he did not believe the unanimous decision undercut his presidency and tweeted, "SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!" in response. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Protesters meet new education secretary as she visits school Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:07 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:51 AM EST2017-02-11 08:51:08 GMT Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start. More >> Education Secretary Betsy DeVos' attempt to mend fences with teachers and parents across the country has gotten off to a rocky start.More >> Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Iranian baby with heart defect to undergo surgery soon Posted: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:07 AM EST2017-02-11 08:07:11 GMT Updated: Saturday, February 11 2017 3:07 AM EST2017-02-11 08:07:11 GMT An Iranian infant soon will have life-saving heart surgery in Portland after she was temporarily banned from coming into the U.S. by President Donald Trump's immigration order. More >> An Iranian infant soon will have life-saving heart surgery in Portland after she was temporarily banned from coming into the U.S. by President Donald Trump's immigration order.More >> Ice jam breaks, allowing some Idaho flood waters to recede Ice jam breaks, allowing some Idaho flood waters to recede Authorities in northern Idaho are warning residents who live along the St. Joe River to expect flooding when an ice jam on the river breaks free.More >> Authorities in northern Idaho are warning residents who live along the St. Joe River to expect flooding when an ice jam on the river breaks free.More >> Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Homeland Security head is pressed to define 'sanctuary city' Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:42 PM EST2017-02-11 04:42:55 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:42 PM EST2017-02-11 04:42:55 GMT U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on a tour of nation's border with Mexico that he couldn't define a sanctuary city.More >> U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly said on a tour of nation's border with Mexico that he couldn't define a sanctuary city.More >> AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? AP FACT CHECK: Are immigration raids result of Trump policy? Posted: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT Updated: Friday, February 10 2017 11:22 PM EST2017-02-11 04:22:59 GMT (AP Photo/Nick Ut). Marlene Mosqueda, left, who's father was deported early Friday, Feb. 10, 2017, is comforted at a news conference by her attorney Karla Navarrette at The Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles (CHIRLA). Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump. More >> Advocacy groups claim that Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers are rounding up people in large numbers around the country as part of stepped-up enforcement under President Donald Trump.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> A divided, testy Senate confirms Trump health secretary A divided, testy Senate confirms Trump health secretary Republicans have won Senate confirmation of President Donald Trump's choice for health secretary More >> Republicans have won Senate confirmation of President Donald Trump's choice for health secretaryMore >> Painting stolen by Nazis returned to Jewish owner's heirs Painting stolen by Nazis returned to Jewish owner's heirs Decades after a German Jewish art owner was forced by Nazis to sell his collection, the FBI has returned one of the pieces to its rightful heirs More >> Decades after a German Jewish art owner was forced by Nazis to sell his collection, the FBI has returned one of the pieces to its rightful heirsMore >> Silencing of Warren throws Senate into turmoil Silencing of Warren throws Senate into turmoil Senate Republicans silenced Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren for criticizing colleague and attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions with the words of Coretta Scott King from three decades ago More >> Senate Republicans silenced Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren for criticizing colleague and attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions with the words of Coretta Scott King from three decades agoMore >> The Latest: Thousands jam Boston for Patriots victory parade The Latest: Thousands jam Boston for Patriots victory parade Snowflakes, raindrops and sticky confetti aren't dampening the mood at Boston's Super Bowl parade for the New England Patriots More >> Snowflakes, raindrops and sticky confetti aren't dampening the mood at Boston's Super Bowl parade for the New England PatriotsMore >> Sweetest of all: Patriots reign in mighty Super Bowl rally Sweetest of all: Patriots reign in mighty Super Bowl rally A comeback like no other: Brady rallies Patriots from 25 points down to 34-28 OT win and 5th title More >> A comeback like no other: Brady rallies Patriots from 25 points down to 34-28 OT win and 5th titleMore >> Activists: Charities must move galas from Trump's Mar-a-Lago Activists: Charities must move galas from Trump's Mar-a-Lago Protesters are demanding that charities move their upcoming galas from President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort More >> Protesters are demanding that charities move their upcoming galas from President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resortMore >> Trump's hardline views prompt nonprofits to reject aid money Trump's hardline views prompt nonprofits to reject aid money Some nonprofit groups working on behalf of Muslim and Arab communities in the U.S. are rejecting federal grants in response to President Donald Trump's actions. More >> Some nonprofit groups working on behalf of Muslim and Arab communities in the U.S. are rejecting federal grants in response to President Donald Trump's actions.More >> Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone President Donald Trump is rattling U.S. relations with friends and foes alike with a series of aggressive moves that have alarmed even members of Trump's party. More >> President Donald Trump is rattling U.S. relations with friends and foes alike with a series of aggressive moves that have alarmed even members of Trump's party.More >> Senate confirms Tillerson to be Trump's secretary of state Senate confirms Tillerson to be Trump's secretary of state The Republican-led Senate has confirmed Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state, a crucial member of President Donald Trump's national security team More >> The Republican-led Senate has confirmed Rex Tillerson to be secretary of state, a crucial member of President Donald Trump's national security teamMore >> Trump vows to repeal political limits on churches Trump vows to repeal political limits on churches President Donald Trump vowed Thursday to repeal a rarely enforced IRS rule that says pastors who endorse candidates from the pulpit risk losing their tax-exempt status. More >> President Donald Trump vowed Thursday to repeal a rarely enforced IRS rule that says pastors who endorse candidates from the pulpit risk losing their tax-exempt status.More >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Interview A Different View of the World Horizon Kinetics chief investment officer is skeptical of the earnings power of many U.S. companies and unenthusiastic about emerging markets. But he does see value in WisdomTree, CBOE and a Chinese airport operator. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Leslie P. Norton Biography August 6, 2011 Murray Stahl, the chief investment officer of New York-based Horizon Kinetics, began his career as a utility analyst. In the early 1980s, Stahl, a value investor, recommended buying shares of out-of-favor General Public Utilities, then the owner of Three Mile Island, which in 1979 had been the site of the U.S.'s worst nuclear power accident. Investors who heeded his advice made big money. Thus began a career of independent thinking about the market and a wide-ranging interest in what makes successful people tick. He shares these views with his investors, and also with subscribers to Horizon publications such as The Spin-off Report and ETF Compendium. (For a taste, check the "Research Library" tab at www.horizonkinetics.com). Last week, Stahl talked with Barron's about exchange-traded funds, the importance of qualitative insights -- and of course, about stocks. Barron's: Why are exchange-traded funds so important to a stockpicker? Stahl: ETFs are affecting the market in bizarre ways. In order to talk about that, I have to first define a term: owner-operator. Owner-operators are equities where the management happens to be the largest shareholders. That is how they become the management. The wealth of the proprietors is tied into the company. If the shareholder isn't successful, the proprietor can't be financially successful. That is what an owner-operator is. Enlarge Image Close "If management gets their shares for free, I hardly think their interests are aligned" with those of other shareholders. —Murray Stahl Matthew Furhman for Barron's Jeremy Siegel in The Future for Investors studies the IPO market and rightly concludes that initial public offerings have a predictive tendency to produce unsatisfactory results in comparison to different indices. He gives you a table of IPOs that were very successful. It is a minority. Each and every one is owner-operated. Boards give managers shares. That's the crucial operative term, "give shares." Other shareholders had to buy their shares. If management gets their shares for free, I hardly think their interests are aligned. They have a variety of modalities for increasing their wealth, one of which happens to be the shares. I only have one favorable outcome; they have many. ETFs are largely constructed on a market-capitalization-weight, float-adjusted basis. It's never this obvious, but consider a company where management owns a lot of stock and is buying more. At the margin, the stock's weighting in the exchange-traded fund would be reduced. Why? Assuming everything else remains the same, the float is being reduced. Let's take the other extreme case, in which management has sold all their shares. From an ETF perspective, the float increased. Therefore, its weight in the index would more nearly approximate its market capitalization. The exchange-traded fund structure de facto does the opposite of what the insiders do. I find that rather intriguing. What are the ramifications? To begin with, owner-operated companies trade at very low valuations. Eventually, the market corrects that. A more major consequence is that if you examine the S&P 500 since 1957, and the exercise was to find the best stocks, you'd find Wal-Mart WMT -1.5344528083381586% Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD68.02 -1.06 -1.5344528083381586% /Date(1486764218958-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 12113379 AFTER HOURS USD68.02 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 332254 P/E Ratio 14.78695652173913 Market Cap 212295966779.523 Dividend Yield 2.9403116730373418% Rev. per Employee 210427 More quote details and news » WMT in Your Value Your Change Short position [ticker: WMT], Apple AAPL -0.22655188038060717% Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD132.12 -0.3 -0.22655188038060717% /Date(1486764000307-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 19549293 AFTER HOURS USD132.05 -0.07 -0.052982137450802304% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 516165 P/E Ratio 15.822754491017964 Market Cap 695923084380.94 Dividend Yield 1.7257039055404177% Rev. per Employee 1874840 More quote details and news » AAPL in Your Value Your Change Short position [AAPL] in various incarnations of Steve Jobs, Hewlett-Packard HPQ 0.5115089514066496% HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD15.72 0.08 0.5115089514066496% /Date(1486764183325-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 7609935 AFTER HOURS USD15.72 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2396430 P/E Ratio 11.070422535211268 Market Cap 26673255004.4655 Dividend Yield 3.376590330788804% Rev. per Employee 984041 More quote details and news » HPQ in Your Value Your Change Short position [HPQ], Microsoft MSFT -0.09366219169528567% Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq USD64 -0.06 -0.09366219169528567% /Date(1486764000379-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 17218383 AFTER HOURS USD64 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 952346 P/E Ratio 30.18867924528302 Market Cap 495025539171.07 Dividend Yield 2.4375% Rev. per Employee 747982 More quote details and news » MSFT in Your Value Your Change Short position [MSFT], Intel INTC -0.338409475465313% Intel Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq USD35.34 -0.12 -0.338409475465313% /Date(1486764000134-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 43685805 AFTER HOURS USD35.4 0.06 0.1697792869269949% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 420718 P/E Ratio 16.748815165876778 Market Cap 168044935661.316 Dividend Yield 2.942840973401245% Rev. per Employee 553467 More quote details and news » INTC in Your Value Your Change Short position [INTC] in their glory days -- each and every one an owner-operator. Now let's perform the exercise of calculating the S&P as if those companies never existed and were never in it. I promise you that you would never buy the resulting rump S&P, which would probably have returned half of what it was historically. We looked at the 80 owner-operators in Japan and compared them to the three primary indexes: the MSCI Japan, the Topix and the Nikkei. The difference in return was significant per annum. The individual investor should understand that, historically, indexation provided the rates of return it did because of the presence of a given number of owner-operators. Are you saying that individuals shouldn't be in exchange-traded funds? No. Indexation is a very sound idea. I'm really saying that someone should design an ETF that incorporates consciously the owner-operator element. "How They Did It" is a fascinating section in your publications that profiles successful people. Whom did you find most useful? When I went to college, I was interested in economics because as a very naïve person I thought I would learn to make money from the masters. I was absolutely aghast when I learned most of the masters were broke. Karl Marx was destitute most of his life, and if Friedrich Engels hadn't provided financial assistance, who knows what would have happened? There's an apocryphal remark from Marx's wife: "If Karl Marx invested more time into making Das Kapital than writing Das Kapital, his family would have been better off." So I decided to read the lives of people who were financially successful. It is the most interesting part of the whole field of finance. Benjamin Franklin stands head and shoulders above everyone else. For example, during the time of the French and Indian Wars, the Assembly of Philadelphia felt the city might be attacked. But Philadelphia was a Quaker city, and the Quakers were uninterested in violence. Franklin asked if they were opposed to storing grain, because the granaries might be burned in an invasion. They said, "Of course not," and donated money for grain. He went and bought gunpowder on the premise that it's a grainy substance. He wanted to buy artillery from the governor of New York, who wouldn't sell. So Franklin invited him to dinner. He wrote, "After the first bottle of Madeira, I had my first cannon. After the second I had several more. Had I stayed, I could have had them all." Eugene Meyer had very useful insights. He bought 51% of Boston Consolidated, which owned the worst-managed copper mining properties in 1907 or 1908, for one reason: It controlled the upper half of a mountain in Utah and the Guggenheim family controlled the bottom half. They had the technology to extract copper from low-grade ores, which they wouldn't share with Consolidated. But you can't mine the bottom half of a mountain without having the cooperation of the people who own the top half, unless you're not worried about things like avalanches and cave-ins. That's not an asset you find on a balance sheet. Frequently, the qualitative dimension is more important than the quantitative. The insights of most of these people are completely qualitative, rarely properly digested by the market. You've written a lot about unsustainable profitability, but the companies in the S&P 500 are continuing to beat estimates. The stock prices clearly reflect unsustainability. Even the worldwide debt crisis plays a role in the unsustainability. Federal spending since 1933 has grown at 9.03% a year. Sooner or later, governments, to alleviate their distress, might raise taxes. That's another way of achieving lower profit margins. How does the market look to you? The stock market will produce very uninspiring results for many years to come. Part of it is the unsustainability of profit margins. Part of it is the debt crisis. In the S&P, a lot of companies already dominate their industries -- food, utilities, drugs. Companies might acquire competitors. But statistically, most acquisitions aren't well-thought-out. They could return cash to shareholders, but if the yield is 2%-3%, you only get that yield and if you buy back a stock at a P/E of, say, 14 to 15 times, invert that and you get a sevenish percent return. Uninspiring. I invite people to undertake this exercise: Take any stock you like, and instead of buying it, make believe you wrote a put option on it, which gives you the right to sell a security at a predefined price. So you sold a put option with a six-month expiration. What happens? You earn a premium. And let's make believe that the stock was completely unchanged for a year. You wrote a put option collecting a premium, the option expired worthless, and you wrote another premium for the remaining six months. Stahl's Picks Recent Company Ticker Price WisdomTree Investments WETF $6.86 CBOE Holdings CBOE 22.45 Beijing Capital Intl Airport 694.HK HK$3.57 ...And a Pan Carmike Cinemas CKED $6.19 Source: Bloomberg Those two premiums in the case of almost every stock is a double-digit number. Of course, it is never a steady-state world. But assuming it were, the premium of virtually any stock is double-digit—that's the return people want to get from the equity, but might not. Now if the stock price is unchanged, that is the rate of return. If the equity goes up in value, you earn that rate of return. If the equity goes down in value, your underlying position is marked down, but you have the cushion of the premium that you collected. If the premiums over the year totaled 12% or 14%, the stock has to decline by 12% or 14% for you to reach breakeven. Our Kinetics Multi-Disciplinary Fund [KMDNX] pursues this strategy. It is similar to equities in terms of its rate of return, but much less volatile. People are looking for that. It works great in an IRA account, in a foundation, anything tax-exempt. Even on a taxable basis, I dare say it will provide an acceptable rate of return. What do you think of emerging markets? They have been a disappointment over the 25 years I've been investing. I don't think they provide the rate of return that justifies the risk. A well-managed emerging- market fund probably returned 12-ish percent over 20 to 25 years. If you're a taxable individual living in the State of New York, if your net after-tax result were in the single digits, would you invest? Most people would decline. The maximum corporate profits are earned when there is little competition. Look at any emerging-market index and see how many companies populate any industry group, with more on the way. I suppose, compared with the uninspiring U.S. equity market, emerging markets look very good. But would I buy an emerging-markets index? No. But there might be splendid emerging-market companies that provide truly unique rates of return. In that case, investment is warranted. Let's talk about stocks. What do you like? I am a big investor in WisdomTree Investments WETF 1.0392609699769053% WisdomTree Investments Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD8.75 0.09 1.0392609699769053% /Date(1486764000334-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2029587 AFTER HOURS USD8.8 0.05 0.5714285714285714% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 188796 P/E Ratio 43.75 Market Cap 1181873532.03201 Dividend Yield 3.657142857142857% Rev. per Employee 1239810 More quote details and news » WETF in Your Value Your Change Short position [WETF]. It's better to invest in the ETF company as a business than in exchange-traded funds themselves. WisdomTree is exploring interesting new opportunities, like emerging-currency and debt funds, short-term investments with higher yields and undervalued currencies. WisdomTree's earnings-weighted exchange-traded funds make more sense than the market-capitalization-weighted ETFs. When I bought it, the company traded for roughly 3% of assets under management. It now trades at 7%. I think it will be acquired in a couple of years by a large mutual-fund complex or bank or brokerage that would like to be in exchange-traded funds and wants a revenue stream. Individuals are very unlikely to return to traditional mutual-fund investing where you can exit the investment only after 4 p.m. There are only a handful of large ETF companies. WisdomTree is eighth on the list. The market cap is around $800 million. WisdomTree has minimal earnings. It has invested virtually all of its cash flow into growing the business. The company is now at $13.3 billion of assets, versus less than $4 billion a year ago. If the average fee is 55 basis points [hundredths of a percentage point], that's $70 million of fee income that could become $70 million of operating income on an existing platform. You are paying $800 million for $70 million of income with very high growth rates. An informed buyer might pay $14 or $15 a share. You also like CBOE Holdings CBOE -0.5887623192115704% CBOE Holdings Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD77.67 -0.46 -0.5887623192115704% /Date(1486764000306-0600)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 430811 AFTER HOURS USD77.67 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 3576 P/E Ratio 34.215859030837 Market Cap 6350797112.86468 Dividend Yield 1.2874983906270117% Rev. per Employee 1143800 More quote details and news » CBOE in Your Value Your Change Short position [CBOE]. Why? CBOE just announced July volume up 13%. The operative thing is to look at the volume of the VIX [volatility] contract. The VIX is the company's most valuable asset, only about 2% of volume, but growing 334% a year. In the fullness of time, about three or four years from now, the vehicle of choice for hedging a portfolio will not be the S&P 500 futures contract; it will be the VIX because it's so much more volatile than the S&P. This is a very unique exchange. It has proprietary properties like the VIX and is using that to branch into other volatility trades like the gold VIX, a recent creation that ultimately will probably be successful as well. But that VIX contract is extremely valuable. It has first-mover advantage. I think it is worth in three to four years more than the whole CBOE. The company trades at 15 times earnings; that's not a bargain. The issue is that ultimately it will produce a great deal of earnings. Beijing Capital International Airports [694.Hong Kong] is like CBOE in that both have very little in the way of variable cost. If 10,000 more passengers come into the airport, if someone trades an extra 10,000 VIX contracts, the cost of operating doesn't go up. Prior to 2008, the airport was very profitable. Then it doubled in size and more than doubled operating expenses. Passenger traffic went up, so the airport was more or less breakeven. It has a high growth rate. They're at the stage where increased passenger throughput goes to the bottom line. They preannounced earnings that are vastly higher than forecasts. It trades at 20 times. To judge its future profitability, compare it to Australian-listed MAp Airports, which owns 30%-plus of the Brussels and Copenhagen airports and 74% of Sydney. Its proportion of the traffic is about 40 million passengers a year. Now the Beijing Airport gets more than 70 million passengers a year. MAp's fixed costs are much lower than Beijing's. MAp's airports earn $400 million a year. Beijing Airports earns something like $100 million, but once it achieves the proper economies of scale, it will earn much more than MAp. MAp has a market cap of roughly about $6 billion. And Beijing has a market cap of $2 billion. I think it's worth more than MAp. Anything you dislike? Carmike Cinemas [CKEC]. The average ticket price is increasing at a small rate each year, but attendance is declining 1% to 2% a year, and rents go up every year with a 3% escalator. We're at a point where given competition and other venues of entertainment, it's very hard to raise prices. Margins are razor thin. I think the profitability goes away in 24 months or less. Thanks, Murray.  E-mail: editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Interview 1. Ed Yardeni Sees Upside of 10% for U.S. Stocks 2. Why a Defense Analyst Likes Raytheon and General Dynamics 3. Bullish on China, India; Doubtful on the Philippines 4. Advice From Wall Street’s Go-To Tax Man 5. Why Mohnish Pabrai Likes GM, Fiat, and Southwest Air Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bristol-Myers Squibb Stock in Bargain Bin Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Technology Lab — Specs for first Intel 3D XPoint SSD: so-so transfer speed, awesome random I/O Sequential transfer rates aren’t class-leading, but latency and longevity impress. Peter Bright - Feb 11, 2017 12:00 am UTC A 3D XPoint wafer. Intel reader comments 51 Share this story In 2015, Intel and Micron announced 3D XPoint (pronounced "three dee cross point"), a new form of high-speed, non-volatile, solid-state storage. But we're still waiting for products that actually use the technology. The first 3D XPoint storage should hit the market this year. Branded "Optane," Intel briefly documented (on a PDF that has since been pulled from its website) the first specs of the first of these products: the Intel SSD DC P4800X is a 375GB half-height, half-length PCIe NVMe card aimed at enterprise markets. Optane should also eventually come in 750GB and 1.5TB versions. Taiwanese site PCADV spotted the specs while they were up. When Intel announced 3D XPoint, the company said that it would be 1,000 times faster than NAND flash, 10 times denser than (volatile) DRAM, and with 1,000 times the endurance of NAND, too, which would greatly reduce the susceptibility of 3D XPoint drives to write-induced failures. The specs of this first SSD reflect these ambitions, but perhaps not in quite the way people would have expected. Enlarge / P4800X spec sheet. PCADV The 2,400MB/s read speed is high, but it's not king of the hill. Introduced in 2014, Intel's SSD DC P3700, the company's nearest equivalent product using NAND flash technology, boasts up to 2,800MB/s reads. Samsung's consumer-oriented 960 EVO manages 3,200MB/s read performance. The Optane drive's write performance, however, gives little or nothing up. At 2,000MB/s, it's slightly ahead of the maximum 1,900MB/s that both of those flash units offer and well ahead of the comparably sized units (the 400GB Intel SSD manages a mere 1,080MB/s, while the 250GB Samsung hits 1,500MB/s). Still, this doesn't sound like 1,000 more performance than flash. What gives? The big difference appears to be in latency and the number of I/O operations the Optane drive supports per second. The P4800X can service up to 550,000 read or 500,000 write operations per second. The older Intel SSD can only service 450,000 reads or 175,000 writes per second and falls to just 75,000 writes for the 400GB unit. The Samsung drive clocks in at 380,000 and 360,000 read and write operations per second (falling to 330,000 and 300,000 for the 250GB version). If raw operations per second are what you need, Optane is already looking strong. The latency figures—the time it takes to actually serve a read and write operation—also look good: the Intel flash SSD has a 20-microsecond latency for any read or write operation, whereas the 3D XPoint drive cuts this to below 10 microseconds. These numbers should hold up better under load, with Intel saying that 99.999 percent of read and write operations will be fulfilled in less than 150 or 200 microseconds (respectively), even with a queue depth of 16. Moreover, most SSDs require a substantial number of I/O operations to be issued to the drive before they can really show off their performance. This can become readily apparent when doing things like copying small files; these are typically copied one by one, with the operating system waiting for one file to complete before starting on the next. In contrast, Intel says that Optane should be able to show off its high performance even with low queue depths. This should mean it can hit its top performance a much greater proportion of the time than flash SSDs do. The other big improvement is in the drive's endurance. Intel's 400GB SSD has a lifetime rating of 7.3 petabytes written, or 10 full drive writes per day. The 250GB Samsung has a warranty that covers only 0.1PB of writes over the drive's lifetime, about 0.1 full drive writes per day. This highlights one of the big differences between enterprise and consumer hardware. The 375GB Optane drive bumps the lifetime rating up to 12.3PB written, or 30 full drive writes per day. As such, the 3D XPoint drive should be much more robust under heavy write workloads. Still, while these numbers do represent improvements on NAND flash, they're a far cry from the promised 1,000-fold improvements. The spec sheet also shows one other disadvantage of the new technology: the 3D XPoint drive draws about 18W when active, as compared to 12W for the 400GB flash SSD or 5.3W for Samsung's 250GB drive. Replace a bunch of NAND drives with Optane and they may well go faster and last longer, but they'll draw more power when doing so. The price and availability of the P4800X are still unknown. In the consumer space, the revised Kaby Lake chipsets are "Optane Ready." Intel is planning an M.2 Optane SSD for suitable motherboards, though information on that is currently non-existent. Peter Bright Peter is Technology Editor at Ars. He covers Microsoft, programming and software development, Web technology and browsers, and security. He is based in Brooklyn, NY. Email peter.bright@arstechnica.com // Twitter @drpizza reader comments 51 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Laptops Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Tablets Best Overall Best 2-in-1s Kids' Tablets Under $200 Samsung Tablets Longest Battery Life Buying Guide Windows 10 Win 10 Review How to Upgrade Should You Wait? versus El Capitan Test Results Ultrabooks Best Ultrabooks Best Laptops Overall Best College Laptops Laptop-Tablet Hybrids Buying Guide Deals Deal-Buying Do's and Don'ts Gaming Best Gaming Laptops Sub-$1,000 Gaming Laptops VR-Ready Laptops Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptop Guide Reviews Popular Searches: Laptops Under $1,000 Tablets Under $300 News Tips Follow Us: SEARCH Laptops Tablets Windows 10 Ultrabooks Deals Gaming Reviews News Tips Best Laptops Under $500 For Gaming For Business For College Chromebooks CPU Guide GPU Guide Laptops By Brand Acer Apple ASUS Dell HP Lenovo MSI Samsung Toshiba Laptop Finder HP Envy 17 Review By Henry T. Casey | February 7, 2017 MORE $729.99 from HP Editors' rating: The Pros Speedy general performance; Strong audio; Lots of ports The Cons Dim display; Uncomfortable keyboard; Slow hard drive; Can be pricey Verdict The HP Envy is a speedy and stylish 17-inch notebook, but an awkward screen holds this laptop back. Review If you want a touch-screen notebook with a large display, HP's Envy 17 is made for you. Starting at $729 ($1,049 as tested), the 17-inch Envy packs a zippy 7th-Gen Intel CPU with plenty of storage and strong audio performance. However, this machine also suffers from a mushy keyboard and a dim display panel that has a subtle, but unsightly pattern in the background. If you can live with these trade-offs, the Envy is a serviceable choice, but competitors may suit you better. article continued below Design The Envy 17's silver, aluminum body and metallic-hinge lip give it an elegant look. The notebook measures 1-inch thick and weighs 6.6 pounds, which is actually rather light for a laptop this size. HP's laptop is similar to the Dell Inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1 (0.9 inches, 6.4 pounds). It's noticeably thicker and lighter than the 15-inch Dell Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 (0.7 inches, 4.6 pounds), but with the HP's larger screen, that's to be expected. The Envy 17's large chassis leaves plenty of room for ports. HP placed an Ethernet jack, two USB 3.0 ports and a Super Multi Drive DVD player on the Envy 17's left side, while its third USB 3.0 port, HDMI port, USB Type-C port, SD memory reader and headphone jack sit on the right side. Neither of the Dell laptops offers an Ethernet port or an optical drive.  MORE: Best HP Laptops Display The Envy 17's 1920 x 1080-pixel display may be sharp, but it's plagued by dimness and a subtle grid pattern in the background. Not everyone will notice the grid, as it's most visible on stark-white backgrounds and you have to stare pretty close to see it, but once you've found the pattern, it's hard not to see it. To confirm that our review unit was not defective, we went to our local Best Buy, where the display model had the exact same issue. If you can't detect the pattern (as was true for a colorblind co-worker), you will be pleased with the rich colors and sharp images. When I watched a trailer for The Fate of the Furious, icy blue arctic tundras and orange car explosions really popped. According to our colorimeter, the Envy reproduces a strong 111 percent of the sRGB spectrum. That beats the 62-percent showing by the Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 and edges out the 106-percent score from the Inspiron 17 7000, but it's still below the 125 percent average for desktop replacements. Unfortunately, the HP Envy 17 doesn't get that bright, emitting a maximum of 252 nits (a measurement of brightness). That's slightly above the 244-nit Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1, but it's significantly worse than the 313-nit Inspiron 17 7000 and the 295-nit average for desktop-replacement notebooks. That dim, glossy display leads to poor viewing angles with the color gaining a dark cast when you move 45 degrees to the left or right. The Envy's 17.3-inch touch screen accurately tracked my fingers as I tapped through the desktop and scrolled through web pages. The display also responded quickly to the pinch and pull gestures I used to adjust sites. Keyboard, Touch Screen, Touchpad The Envy 17's keyboard has solid travel, but its weak resistance led me to "bottom out," uncomfortably mashing the base as I typed. When I tested it out on the 10fastfingers.com typing test, I clicked my way to 79 words per minute, just a word off my 80-wpm average. We found that the island-style keys deliver 1.5 millimeters of key travel, which is in our target range (1.5mm-2mm is ideal), but the 50-gram actuation force was short of our minimum of 60 g. That explains why my fingers hit the deck so easily. The notebook's 4.7 x 2.5-inch, buttonless touchpad was a breeze to use, accepting two-finger page-scrolling and three-finger navigation gestures smoothly. The surface offers a solid feel to each click. Audio The Envy 17's massive speaker bar, located above the keyboard, pumped enough sound to fill our large conference room with a solid rendition of Migos' "T-Shirt." The track's bass kicked well, vocals sounded clear and drums hit crisply. The notebook comes with a pre-loaded Bang & Olufsen Audio utility, which allows you to switch presets from the default Music to Movie or Voice. I didn't hear any discernable differences with Movie or Voice, so stick with Music.  MORE: The Best Laptops for Business and Productivity Performance Armed with a 7th-Gen Intel Core i7-7500U processor and 16GB of RAM, this configuration of the Envy 17 had no problem multitasking. I saw smooth, zippy performance after splitting my screen among a dozen Chrome tabs (including ones for TweetDeck, Slack and Google Docs) and a 1080p YouTube video. Adding a full-system scan in Windows Defender couldn't slow the machine either. That 7th-Gen Core i7 CPU pushed the Envy 17 to a solid score of 7,747 on the Geekbench 3 general performance test. Due to their less-powerful, last-gen CPUs, the Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 (Intel Core i5-6200U; 6,499) and Inspiron 17 7000 (Core i7-6500U; 7,029) earned lower scores. The average for desktop-replacement notebooks (17,619) is much higher. Keep in mind that this category also features gaming laptops, some of which utilize desktop CPUS. The Envy 17 we tested may cost $1,049, but it packs a relatively slow, 7,200-rpm, 1TB drive, which you'd normally find in more affordable machines, rather than a speedier SSD. As a result, the Envy 17 needed 1 minute and 45 seconds to finish our file-transfer test, for a speed of 48.5MBps. That may beat the 1TB, 5,400rpm drive (35.1MBps) in the Dell Inspiron 17 7000, but it's outpaced by the 256GB SSD (122.6 MBps drive) in the Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 and the 510.6MBps average for desktop replacements (laptops in this category often have multiple SSDs). In terms of productivity, the Envy 17 turned in a completely average time on our OpenOffice spreadsheet macro test, finishing in 3 minutes and 35 seconds, tying the category average. The Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 and Inspiron 17 7000 took longer, at 4:47 and 4:07, respectively, but the Envy 17 tied the average for desktop-replacement notebooks (3:35). Powered by an Nvidia GeForce 940MX GPU with 2GB of memory, the HP Envy 17 achieved  95,701 on the Ice Storm Unlimited graphics test. However, the Inspiron 17 7000, which has the same GPU, notched a better score, at 97,422. Meanwhile, the Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 (Intel HD 520 Graphics) netted a measly 64,067. None of the three laptops matched the 128,911 average. The Envy 17 can game (albeit modestly), running the racer Dirt 3 (set to 1920 x 1080 pixels and Medium graphics) at 38 frames per second, clearing our 30-fps playability threshold. The average for desktop-replacement notebooks (62 fps) is significantly greater. Battery Life We're not surprised that the Envy 17 offers only OK battery life for its class, as machines this large typically stay plugged in most of the time. The notebook lasted 4 hours and 48 minutes on the Laptop Mag Battery Test (web surfing at 100 nits), longer than the 4:20 average for desktop-replacement laptops, but shorter than the times for the Inspiron 15 7000 2-in-1 (6:55) and the Dell Inspiron 17 7000 (7:28). MORE: Laptops with the Longest Battery Life Webcam The Envy 17's 0.9-megapixel webcam shoots fuzzy images that capture accurate color. When I shot a selfie in our office, the camera correctly captured the green and yellow of my hat and the red of a wall. However, the image's graininess stripped out most of the details. Heat This HP notebook keeps things cool. After the Envy 17 streamed 15 minutes of full-screen HD video, our heat gun captured temperatures of 81 degrees Fahrenheit on the laptop's touchpad, 85 degrees on the G and H keys, and 91 degrees along the machine's underside. Those temperatures are well beneath our 95-degree comfort threshold. Software Most Windows 10 notebooks come with preloaded bloatware, such as Candy Crush Saga and Netflix, but HP throws in links for the PicsArt app, Priceline.com and the Amazon shopping app. This is the kind of thing you might get used to when buying a new PC, but it shouldn't be that way. HP also tosses in a few proprietary apps, including JumpStart, which explains Windows 10 keyboard shortcuts and system customization. There's also Recovery Manager, which provides maintenance options, and Audio Switch for managing audio output through multiple monitors. Configuration Options HP sells three customizable configurations of the Envy 17, starting with the $729 model that packs a last-generation Core i7-6700HQ CPU, 8GB of RAM, a 1TB and 7,200-rpm hard drive, a 1920 x 1080-pixel nontouch screen, and integrated Intel HD 530 graphics. An upgrade to a touch-screen panel costs $50. You'll need to spend at least $949 to get an Envy with a 7th-Gen CPU. For that price, you get a system with  a Core i7-7500U CPU, 16GB of memory, a 512GB SSD, a 1920 x 1080-pixel touch screen and a 2GB Nvidia GeForce graphics card. The unit we tested is a $1,049 Best Buy exclusive that is identical to the $949 model, but it has a slower, more-spacious 1TB and 7,200-rpm hard drive. I'm hard-pressed to recommend the Best Buy configuration, unless your work demands a lot of local storage. Bottom Line The Envy 17's zippy performance, metallic design, vibrant colors and rich audio make it a laptop that's worth considering. However, the low brightness, awkward grid pattern on the screen and weak keyboard really hold this machine back. If you're looking for a 17-inch touch-screen notebook, you'll probably prefer the Dell Inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1, which offers longer battery life and a bright, vibrant display. Just make sure you purchase that laptop with the latest, 7th Generation Intel processor on board. However, if you're willing to live with its compromises, the Envy 17 is worth considering. Photo Credit: Jeremy Lips/Laptop Mag Which Laptop CPU is Right for You? Best 2-in-1s (Laptop/Tablet Hybrids) 10 Tablets with the Longest Battery Life Ask a Question Publish Specifications CPU Intel Core i7-7500U 2.7 GHz Operating System Windows 10 Home RAM 16GB RAM Upgradable to Hard Drive Size 1 TB Hard Drive Speed 7,200rpm Hard Drive Type HDD Secondary Hard Drive Size Secondary Hard Drive Speed Secondary Hard Drive Type Display Size 17.3 Highest Available Resolution 1920 x 1080 Native Resolution 1920x1080 Optical Drive Super-Multi DVD Optical Drive Speed Graphics Card NVIDIA GeForce 940MX (2GB DDR3 dedicated) Video Memory 2GB Wi-Fi 802.11ac Wi-Fi Model Intel Dual Band Wireless AC 7265 Bluetooth Bluetooth 4.0 Mobile Broadband Touchpad Size 4.7 x 2.5 Ports (excluding USB) HDMI Ports (excluding USB) Headphone Ports (excluding USB) USB 3.0 Ports (excluding USB) USB Type-C Ports (excluding USB) Ethernet USB Ports 4 Card Slots SD memory reader Warranty/Support 1 year limited hardware warranty, 90 day phone support, complimentary chat support within warranty period Size 16.38 x 11.16 x 1 inches Weight 6.6 pounds Company Website http://www.hp.com Add a comment Email Firstname Name Comment 1 comment Garner M Says: February 8th, 2017 at 1:23 pm They should offer a model with the 6700HQ and the dedicated graphics. The 7500U is a dual core, that's not an upgrade at all. Back to top Find a Review All Categories Laptops Tablets Accessories All Subcategories Business Desktop Replacement Gaming Multimedia Student Brand ASUS Acer Alienware Aorus Apple CTL Corp. Cybertron PC Dell Digital Storm Getac Gigabyte HP Huawei Intel Kangaroo Kurio LG Electronics Lenovo MSI Microsoft Nextbook Origin Razer Samsung Toshiba Vaio Xotic PC Minimum Rating 1.5 Stars 2.0 Stars 2.5 Stars 3.0 Stars 3.5 Stars 4.0 Stars 4.5 Stars 5.0 Stars Screen Size 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Resolution 1200X800 1280x800 1366x678 1366x768 1440x900 1600x900 1900x1080 1920x1080 1920x1200 2160 x 1440 2304 x 1440 2560 x 1440 2560 x 1600 2736 x 1824 2800x1800 2880 x 1620 3000 x 2000 3200 x 1800 3840 x 2160 Weight Range 2 pounds and under 2.1 - 4.0 pounds 4.1 - 6.0 pounds Include old or discontinued products. Ask a Question Publish Subscribe SUBMIT Follow Us MOST POPULAR 1 Best and Worst Laptop Brands - 2015 Ratings 2 How to Delete the Windows.old Folder in Windows 10 3 Edge vs. Chrome vs. Firefox: Battle of the Windows 10 Browsers 4 Dell XPS 13 (2015, Nontouch) - Full Review & Benchmarks 5 Windows 10 vs. OS X El Capitan: Why Microsoft Wins Related Reviews Asus ROG Strix GL753VE MSI GT83VR Titan SLI (2017) Aorus X7 v6 Razer Blade Pro (2016) Asus ROG G701VI COMPANY Company Info About the Site Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Copyright Policy Terms of Use and Sale Privacy Policy NETWORK Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy Anand Tech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved. Home About us SUBSCRIBE TO LAPTOP Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Tuesday’s Vital Data: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), Twitter Inc (TWTR) and Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Options activity provides a look at expectations on AMD, TWTR and NFLX By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 7, 2017, 9:44 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Tuesday’s Vital Data: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), Twitter Inc (TWTR) and Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Stock Is Set to Bounce Back Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Due for a Correction? Recent Posts: Burned by FireEye Inc (FEYE) Stock? Try These Rebound Trades Thursday’s Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) and Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Due for a Correction? View All Posts U.S. stock futures are in rally mode this morning, after General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) bolstered premarket sentiment with its fourth-quarter earnings beat. Additionally, stocks are being bolstered by a rising U.S. dollar, which is up nearly 1% after Philadelphia Federal Reserve President Patrick Harker said late yesterday that a March interest rate hike was “on the table.” At last check, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average had advanced 0.23%, while S&P 500 futures were up 0.29% and Nasdaq-100 futures were higher by 0.21%. On the options front, volume plummeted on Monday following Friday’s brisk session. On the day, only about 11.4 million calls and 11.8 million puts changed hands — coming in well below average. Over on the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio leapt to 0.75, though the 10-day moving average held at 0.69 for the fourth straight session. Turning to Monday’s volume leaders, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) surged more than 11% after rumors hit the Street that the company was collaborating with chief rival Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). Elsewhere, Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) call traders continued to ramp up their positions heading into Thursday’s quarterly earnings report, and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) short sellers appear to be hedging their positions. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) AMD stock is on fire and call options traders were chomping at the bit to get in on the run on Monday. Driving AMD’s latest rally was news that Intel was licensing AMD GPU technology. According to Kyle Bennet, editor in chief at HardOCP: “Intel is licensing AMD GPU technology. No money has changed hands yet, so there is no financial impact till late in the year, hence nothing in the current earnings report. The first product AMD is working on for Intel is a Kaby Lake processor variant … It is scheduled to come to market before the end of the year. I would expect more collaboration between AMD and Intel in the future on the graphics side.” If true, the Intel collaboration would be huge for AMD, potentially giving the company a leg up on its main GPU competitor, Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). AMD options traders apparently came to the same conclusion, as more than 670,000 contracts traded on the stock yesterday, with calls accounting for 64% of the day’s take. Some of the more aggressive speculators have taken out considerable overhead call positions in the soon-to-expire 10 Feb series, where some 4,700 contacts are open at the $14 strike, with another 2,000-plus at $14.50. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/tuesday-vital-data-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-twitter-inc-twtr-netflix-inc-nflx/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Intel patents laptop design with detachable curved display The odd design might be a first for a very good reason. Laptops by Joshua Goldman February 7, 2017 7:11 AM PST @ByJoshG An Intel design patent shows a curved screen for a 2-in-1 laptop/tablet. Intel Intel's processors power the majority of laptops, but it doesn't actually make laptops. That hasn't stopped the chipmaker from patenting a design here and there. Among the company's latest is a 2-in-1 laptop/tablet hybrid with a detachable curved display according to a design patent. The US Patent and Trademark Office granted the patent in November, but apparently it went noticed until TheLeaker.com published details about the patent on Sunday. Curved displays on TVs and phones are nothing new. However, with the exception of Acer's $9,000 Predator 21 X, they haven't been used for laptops and tablets. Unlike the Acer's, Intel's design features a curved keyboard base, which may not be ideal on all surfaces. Likewise, such a curve on a tablet could prove awkward for drawing or writing. Demand for personal computers has been in steady decline for the past five years, though, so it may just be designs like this that spark consumer interest. Does the Mac still matter? Apple execs tell why the MacBook Pro was over four years in the making, and why we should care. Tech Enabled: CNET chronicles tech's role in providing new kinds of accessibility. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Laptops Tablets More stories Night Shift mode coming soon to Macs Steam Direct will let any developer sell any PC game The 5 stages of Chromebook acceptance Best Laptops of 2017 Close   Discuss: Intel patents laptop design with detachable... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Here's why tech has taken over our relationships Sneak peek at the bezel-less LG G6 LG releases the first two watches with Android Wear 2.0, LG's G6 looks to have little or no bezel, and YouTube brings live-streaming to mobile. by Brian Tong 3:33 E3 goes public and HBO Now hits 2M subs The day's biggest tech stories include E3 opening to the public, Twitch introducing "Communities" and HBO Now hits an impressive subscription milestone. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Technology Trader Stalking the Component Makers for the iPhone X Lumentum, Infineon, and Finisar could score key positions in the 10th-anniversary version of Apple’s iPhone. By Tiernan Ray Biography Feb. 11, 2017 1:24 a.m. ET The culture of secrecy long cultivated by Steve Jobs, Apple’s co-founder and former CEO, has Wall Street jumping through hoops to figure out the next significant feature of the iPhone. And 2017 is shaping up as a banner year for such speculation—with good reason. The iPhone produces the vast majority of the company’s revenue and profit. With the 10th anniversary of the iPhone’s debut just around the corner, Apple fans have even dubbed the next model iPhone X. Apple (ticker: AAPL) posted strong results for the December... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What’s Apple to Do with $246 Billion in Cash? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. 12 Stocks to Benefit Most From the House Tax Plan Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Why You Want to Own Tesla Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Bristol-Myers Squibb Stock in Bargain Bin Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Forget India, the New Big Thing Is Right Next Door Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Best Fund Families of 2016 2 Is Under Armour Asking for a Backlash? 3 Twitter Posts 10th Straight Quarter of Lower Revenue Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Share 19 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-02-11 Jimmy Fallon V. Alec Baldwin: Whose Donald Trump Impression Is Best? [Video] Entertainment 2017-02-10 ‘The Bachelor’ Nick Viall Admits To Hiding Boners And Farting On Dates Entertainment 2017-02-09 BTS ‘Spring Day’ Teaser: Jin, Jimin, JK’s MV Death Flags Sets Fandom On Fire Entertainment, News, Sports 2017-02-09 Seth Rollins Injury May Turn Out To Be More Severe Than Was Previously Expected. News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Politics 2017-02-11 Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” News 2017-02-11 Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators News 2017-02-11 Blue Ridge, Texas: Seaway Pipeline Spill Was The Second One In A Year News 2017-02-10 Snow Moon 2017: Lunar Eclipse Shines With Comet Tonight Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-02-11 Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Basketball 2017-02-10 Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant Face Off For First Time In OKC — Will Fans Boo? Wrestling 2017-02-10 WWE News: Former Champion Recalls Vince McMahon’s Reaction Upon Quitting WWE MMA 2017-02-10 UFC 208: Holly Holm, Anderson Silva Return To The Octagon Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-02-10 7 NYC Valentine’s Day Prix-Fixe Menus You’ll Love Lifestyle 2017-02-10 Vacheron Constantin Teams With Hodinkee To Produce Limited Edition Watch Lifestyle 2017-02-09 National Pizza Day 2017: Free Pizza Dreams And Other Odd National Day Events Lifestyle 2017-02-06 Online Security: Stay Safe While Surfing The Web Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-02-09 Indian Woman Cheats Death After Live Cockroach Pulled From Her Skull Health 2017-02-09 Male Contraceptive Gel Like ‘Reversible Vasectomy,’ Aiming For 2020 Release Health 2017-02-08 Norovirus: Infectious Even After We’re Well – And Hand Sanitizer Won’t Save Us Health 2017-02-07 Brew Up: Tea Has ‘Lifesaving’ Potential And Can Fight Off Killer Diseases Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-02-10 ‘For Honor’ Open Beta Now Available On PC, PlayStation 4, And Xbox One Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: The Oldest Running MMORPG In The World Gaming 2017-02-10 Steam Greenlight Gets Red Lit: Valve Replaces Program With Steam Direct Gaming 2017-02-10 Gaming History: ‘Infinity: Battlescape’ And The Long Journey To Creation BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Indian ‘Stigmata’ Boy Perplexes Doctors, Teen Bleeds Randomly 10 Times A Day BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Kendra Sunderland’s Tinder Date: What The Former ‘Library Girl’ Has Been Up To BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 ‘Pokemon GO’ Event For Valentine’s Day: Fill Your Pokedex Before Time Runs Out. BuzzWorthy 2017-02-10 Rosie O’Donnell Morphs Into Steve Bannon In New Twitter Profile Photo SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Lady Gaga’s 260-Foot Jump At The Super Bowl Was Pre-Recorded Celebrity News 19 0 0 February 8, 2017 Lady Gaga’s 260-Foot Jump At The Super Bowl Was Pre-Recorded Ruchi Gupta Lady Gaga’s half-time performance at the Super Bowl on February 5 was undoubtedly epic, but even more daring was the 260-foot jump. However, the people behind the stunt are now saying that the jump didn’t actually happen live. Gaga shocked viewers watching from home as she seemingly jumped from the top of the NRG stadium which was about 260 feet high, but that part was edited into the live feed. This is because the footage of the pop star jumping into the stadium was pre-recorded. This means viewers watching from home were somewhat duped into thinking that she actually jumped in live at that moment. Cant Wait for the #JoanneWorldTour #ladygaga was Amazing at the #SuperBowl #PepsiHalftime ART by me ???? @ladygaga @gagadaily @gagamonster96 pic.twitter.com/VchsxsoFhI — Carlos Gzz (@carlosgzz03) February 6, 2017 Gaga actually jumped but they did it earlier for safety purposes Lady Gaga is a lot of things and daring is one of them. Even though the clip was blended into the live feed, it does not discredit the fact that the singer actually jumped from the roof top. She made the actual stunt herself without requiring a stunt double. Fans watched that part from the large screens before the spotlights turned to the pop star as she came down while hanging on wires. She could not jump live because it would have been too dangerous for her especially because of unpredictable weather among other factors. [Image by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images] “Lady Gaga also was on the roof when this was filmed, and from a logistics and creative perspective, it’s a bit hard for her to go from the roof all the way down to the floor of the stadium,” Intel’s general manager Natalie Cheung stated. Gaga still delivered quite a show Whether or not the clip was faked, the show went on without a glitch and Gaga did a great job entertaining the crowd. The clip from the stadium’s rooftop starts off with Gaga singing some parts of the songs “This Land Is Your Land” and “God Bless America.” Her performance was also complemented with a light show in the sky from 300 Intel drones that were synchronized to form the U.S. flag before she went down. The drones were also part of the reason why the clip had to be pre-recorded because the efficiency of the drones depended on the weather. LADY GAGA INVENTED THE SUPER BOWL! ????#LADYGAGA #PEPSIHALFTIME #SUPERBOWL #SB51 #LITTLEMONSTERS pic.twitter.com/856KAbAqim — Kamil | Mons†er ???? (@HausOfMonster96) February 8, 2017 “In February, you don’t know what it will be like during Super Bowl day. We’d hate to plan all this and, if the wind speeds are too high or if it’s raining and the roof is closed, no one can see this spectacular show. So our creative team as well as the Super Bowl creative team felt this would be best to be filmed,” the Intel manager pointed out. The Intel general manager also pointed out that it would have been difficult for Lady Gaga to go down all the way from the rooftop to the floor of the stadium from a logistics point of view. The pop star also revealed that her little sister Natali came up with the idea of kicking off the show from the rooftop. [Image by Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images] Gaga’s jump created a lot of chatter on social media after astonished fans took to Twitter to talk about it. The stunt clearly fooled fans considering that it was done in such a tasteful manner and she pulled it off perfectly. Intel’s officials, however, confirmed to the Washington Post that the clip of Gaga and the roof top was recorded days before she performed live. The rest of Lady Gaga’s performance at the Super Bowl was as exciting as the 260-foot jump, and everything went well without a glitch while fans got more than they anticipated. Watch Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl performance here. [Featured Image by Stuart C. Wilson/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Jason Derulo Tells His American Airline Nightmare Now Read This: Gwen Stefani To Blake Shelton: ‘Be Nice’ To ‘The Voice’ Costar Adam Levine Share 19 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Ruchi Gupta Tags: god bless america, lady gaga, super bowl February 10, 2017 Amazon Anime Strike Interview: Best Prime Series Exclusives List, Manga For 2017 February 9, 2017 Gigi Hadid Second Tommy Hilfiger Collection Almost Sells Out After Debut View full timeline 19 hours ago Lady Gaga And Her Belly Fire Back At Super Bowl Body Shamers And Trolls 23 hours ago Did Lady Gaga Get Some Surgical Work Done? Comments LATEST HEADLINES Sanders Believes That Trump Could Move The U.S. Into “Authoritarian Mode” Russia Dossier On Donald Trump Has Been Corroborated By U.S. Investigators Bizarre Public Sex: Car Owner Discovers A Perverted Trio On His Vehicle Dusty Rose Makes Public Debut In Adam Levine’s Hollywood Walk Of Fame Ceremony Updated ‘WWE Elimination Chamber’ 2017 Preview And Predictions Spider-Man Won’t Be The Only Marvel Character New To ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ‘The Walking Dead’ Producer Says Alexandria Will Be Heroes In Season 7B ‘Spy In The Wild’: New PBS Show Reveals Secret Life Of Animals [Video] Anna Nicole Smith Still Dotes On Daughter Dannielynn From Beyond The Grave George Clooney Disobeyed The 12-Week Rule To Tell Matt Damon His Baby News Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘The Voice’ Fans Say They ‘Won’t Watch’ If Adam Levine And Blake Shelton Leave 6.4k 0 0 Comet, Eclipse, And Full Moon Set For Friday — How, Where, And When To Watch 5.2k 0 0 Danielle Stislicki Update: New Photos Released On Web Of Missing Michigan Woman 3.8k 0 0 Lady Gaga’s Belly Steals The Super Bowl Halftime Show 56.1k 0 0 Brad Pitt Reportedly Refused To Pay $100K A Month In Child Support To Angelina 3.2k 0 0 WWE News: Kurt Angle To Replace Mick Foley As ‘RAW’ General Manager? 1.9k 0 0 Recent Videos Celebrity News Jake Gyllenhaal Reopens NYC Theater And Stars In First Performance Celebrity News Gigi Hadid Stuns At Tommy Hilfiger Fashion Show Celebrity News Donald Trump Tweets Nordstrom’s Decision “So Unfair” Celebrity News Barack Obama And Richard Branson Go Kite-boarding Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News 17 dead in stampede at Angolan football stadium: police Business Standard Trump says he is working on a major tax reform Press Trust of India  |  Washington  February 11, 2017 Last Updated at 07:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTOL8N ALSO READ Income tax officers meet MoS Personnel; seeks timely promotion "Gautamiputra Satakarni" film gets tax exemption in T'gana Trump taps wrestling tycoon to head small-business agency Gangwar meets traders in Varanasi post note ban Suppy & demand of affordable homes to rise on infra status US President Donald Trump has said he is "working" on a major tax reform which would massively reduce taxes of workers and businesses of the country. "We are in the process right now of working on a major tax reform that will massively reduce taxes on our workers and businesses," Trump said yesterday in his weekly web and radio address to the nation. "We want to make it much easier to do business in America, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to make it also much harder for companies to leave. They're not just going to say bye-bye and fire everybody. There will be consequences," he said. Trump said, he met the CEO of Intel (Brian Krzanich) this week, who announced that his company will invest USD 7 billion in a new manufacturing facility in Arizona, creating thousands of new American jobs. "That's what we want, new American jobs and good jobs. Intel decided to move forward with this project because they know we are totally committed to lifting the regulatory and tax burdens that are hurting American innovation and companies," he said. Trump said he want America to be the greatest jobs magnet of the world. "But we can't do that if we don't stop the wasteful rules and excessive taxes that make it impossible for companies to compete," he said. Every hour of every day, his administration is focused on creating jobs for people, Trump said. "I mean good jobs. More jobs, better jobs, higher paying jobs, that's our mission," he said. Referring to his meeting with sheriffs and police chiefs from across the country, Trump said his administration is committed to national security, which is why he will continue to fight to take all necessary and legal action to keep terrorists, radical and dangerous extremists from ever entering the country. "We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people We must take firm steps today to ensure that we are safe tomorrow," Trump said. "We will defend our country, protect our Constitution and deliver real prosperity for our people," he said. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Tax | Met | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Supercharge your Indian property portfolio New to investing in shares? Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Your Loan Eligibility Holds the Key to Your Dream Home Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Why are More People Applying for Personal Loans? Trump says he is working on a major tax reform US President Donald Trump has said he is "working" on a major tax reform which would massively reduce taxes of workers and businesses of the country. "We are in the process right now of working on a major tax reform that will massively reduce taxes on our workers and businesses," Trump said yesterday in his weekly web and radio address to the nation. "We want to make it much easier to do business in America, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to make it also much harder for companies to leave. They're not just going to say bye-bye and fire everybody. There will be consequences," he said. Trump said, he met the CEO of Intel (Brian Krzanich) this week, who announced that his company will invest USD 7 billion in a new manufacturing facility in Arizona, creating thousands of new American jobs. "That's what we want, new American jobs and good jobs. Intel decided to move forward with this project because they know we are totally committed to lifting the regulatory and tax ... US President Donald Trump has said he is "working" on a major tax reform which would massively reduce taxes of workers and businesses of the country. "We are in the process right now of working on a major tax reform that will massively reduce taxes on our workers and businesses," Trump said yesterday in his weekly web and radio address to the nation. "We want to make it much easier to do business in America, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to make it also much harder for companies to leave. They're not just going to say bye-bye and fire everybody. There will be consequences," he said. Trump said, he met the CEO of Intel (Brian Krzanich) this week, who announced that his company will invest USD 7 billion in a new manufacturing facility in Arizona, creating thousands of new American jobs. "That's what we want, new American jobs and good jobs. Intel decided to move forward with this project because they know we are totally committed to lifting the regulatory and tax burdens that are hurting American innovation and companies," he said. Trump said he want America to be the greatest jobs magnet of the world. "But we can't do that if we don't stop the wasteful rules and excessive taxes that make it impossible for companies to compete," he said. Every hour of every day, his administration is focused on creating jobs for people, Trump said. "I mean good jobs. More jobs, better jobs, higher paying jobs, that's our mission," he said. Referring to his meeting with sheriffs and police chiefs from across the country, Trump said his administration is committed to national security, which is why he will continue to fight to take all necessary and legal action to keep terrorists, radical and dangerous extremists from ever entering the country. "We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people We must take firm steps today to ensure that we are safe tomorrow," Trump said. "We will defend our country, protect our Constitution and deliver real prosperity for our people," he said. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Trump says he is working on a major tax reform US President Donald Trump has said he is "working" on a major tax reform which would massively reduce taxes of workers and businesses of the country. "We are in the process right now of working on a major tax reform that will massively reduce taxes on our workers and businesses," Trump said yesterday in his weekly web and radio address to the nation. "We want to make it much easier to do business in America, and that's what we're going to do. We're going to make it also much harder for companies to leave. They're not just going to say bye-bye and fire everybody. There will be consequences," he said. Trump said, he met the CEO of Intel (Brian Krzanich) this week, who announced that his company will invest USD 7 billion in a new manufacturing facility in Arizona, creating thousands of new American jobs. "That's what we want, new American jobs and good jobs. Intel decided to move forward with this project because they know we are totally committed to lifting the regulatory and tax burdens that are hurting American innovation and companies," he said. Trump said he want America to be the greatest jobs magnet of the world. "But we can't do that if we don't stop the wasteful rules and excessive taxes that make it impossible for companies to compete," he said. Every hour of every day, his administration is focused on creating jobs for people, Trump said. "I mean good jobs. More jobs, better jobs, higher paying jobs, that's our mission," he said. Referring to his meeting with sheriffs and police chiefs from across the country, Trump said his administration is committed to national security, which is why he will continue to fight to take all necessary and legal action to keep terrorists, radical and dangerous extremists from ever entering the country. "We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people We must take firm steps today to ensure that we are safe tomorrow," Trump said. "We will defend our country, protect our Constitution and deliver real prosperity for our people," he said. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: CrossOver Android Preview brings Windows apps to Chromebooks 0 by Surur  @mspoweruser Aug 26, 2016 at 18:46 GMT6 months ago Codeweavers has announced that the Tech Preview of CrossOver for Android is now available, allowing ChromeOS users with Intel processors to run Windows applications on their laptops. The app uses WINE API translation technology and supports apps as sophisticated as Office 2010, Quicken and DirectX9 and Steam, but does not support every Windows application. Minimum specs are Android 5, the Google Play store on Chrome, an Intel, not ARM processor and 2 GB of RAM. The APK is being distributed via the Google Play Store where testers can sign up to be beta testers. ChromeOS is a Google-created operating system popular in the US education environment, where much of the world is browser based, but virtually unknown elsewhere. Google has recently added support for Android apps on ChromeOS and brought the Google Play Store to a select number of ChromeOS laptops. This has brought millions of Android apps to the platform, but unfortunately most of these apps are designed for touch, and are not optimised for keyboard and mouse, unlike Windows Applications, making Crossover welcome news for dedicated ChromeOS fans. See the technology in action in a video below: Codeweaver also makes Crossover for the Mac and Linux with the same functionality, suggesting while this development is interesting it is unlikely to have a significant impact on the Windows market. Sign up for the beta here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source codeweavers.com Related chromeos codeweaver windows apps Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending Microsoft releases Windows 10 Mobile Build 15031 to Insiders on the Fast Ring by Michael Allison 0 Trending Another screenshot of Windows 10’s upcoming design changes coming with Project NEON leaked by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Björn Dóri Björnsson I think most people don’t think of Win32 software as apps and came here expecting UWP apps… Gromanon what’s a point? Just get Windows Doubt many would be interested in their effort. cr_buck Actually there are those who despise Windows but either need or want to use a particular program. WINE was created a long time ago on Linux for that purpose. I would prefer to just use Windows but to each his own. Victor V I don’t think anyone owns a Chrome book …. tsk tsk google TheCyberKnight Seriously. Install Windows 10 and you’re done. Will run everything. Likely smoother. End of discussion. This is getting ridiculous. MrTrunky I own one, it’s fast as lightning and very useful, it’s far ahead of Continuum. Victor V You are one of the few. I’ve yet to meet anyone who owns a Chromebook. **I’m not a recluse and my job has me working with many different people in a technical capacity. Tom For many people, a Windows PC is an overkill. Anymore, a lot of users do little more than browse the web. Using a PC for that is like using a sledge hammer to drive a thumbtack. My wife is a perfect example of who WINE on a Chromebook is for. She uses a Chromebook almost exclusively. She uses a PC maybe once or twice a week because of two programs not available on a Chromebook. She does not like the PC, but uses it because she has to. With WINE on the Chromebook, she no longer has to. xma1e shame MS couldn’t get their act together and have Android running on WP. theminimalist omg! Google invented new technology! 😀 MrTrunky Well, according to IDC Chromebook sales outsold MacBook sales. Yes, I’m not one of the few .. one of the few millions ?? C F Actually its not google Michael Boumann You mean your Chromebook can become a phone? Nice. anchovylover Don’t burst his bubble, he thinks he is witty. anchovylover You can actually customize W10 a lot on desk top. You can neuter Cortana and One Drive if a user wishes. They can remove all tiles or even install a third party start menu and completely ignore the store. Turn telemetry down to basic and obviously install another browser. There is so much people can do if they wish. anchovylover I’m not sure that was in MS hands. anchovylover I find Chromebooks interesting but how can you compare it to the abilities of Continuum? Real Warder So… How are these hundreds of school PCs better than continuum? They fit in your pocket? Real Warder Biggest issue with Wine is it runs old programs only. Try getting the latest photo shop and you soon realize why Windows is more capable and compatible. Anantha Krishna I am pretty sure project Astoria was in MS’s hands. Celso Tito Dos Santos Godoy Microsoft started in desktop and Google in mobile, Microsoft tries to raise in mobile and Google tries to raise in desktop. SUCH TECH WAR Nicholas Maguire How can a PC be overkill for anything? You open up a browser and browse. Isn’t that just as simple as it is on a ChromeBook? A PC is simple for anything. You can do one thing just as simply as you can on anything else. And I’ve used WINE on Linux and Mac, it’s horrible. Using WINE it’s better to expect software to NOT work good going in, as not to get your hopes up. anchovylover Actually, good point. I had forgotten about that. I remember on Windows Weekly they claimed that they knew the reason it was axed was because it was too easy and therefore why would developers even bother with UWP apps. Thanks for the reminder, I must be getting old 🙂 Victor yeah, i own one too. i use it in the kitchen mostly. i used to have an windows laptop but it was always updates and stuff going on before i could use it. with this i can just lift the lid and its on. should not compare it to a PC tho. but its google so haters gonna hate… Victor well, if you have a chromecast, you can cast to a tv. Hashirama Senju “Yes, I’m not one of the few .. one of the few millions ??” LOL Thats what the Linux and WP fanboys say. XD MrTrunky Chrome OS supports multitask, windows resizing, and much more, Continuum doesn’t. Reed the news, you can install Android apps on a Chromebook, and now also is posible to install Windows x86 apps. The smartphone, the dock and a monitor fit in you pocket? Wow!! You are Doraemon? https://uploads.disquscdn.com/images/0d729b4d2ecbc6531fdea058c210fc49051a5d7e13aeef68d3841e1a1a3f368b.jpg MrTrunky No, I mean my Chromebook supports multitask, windows resizing, can run almost all Android software, and more features that Continuum doesn’t support. Real Warder I think you are completely missing what Continuum is about. My Windows laptop blows away every Chromebook. It was a good idea and for some reason they are now trying to mutate it a into a PC. Big fail so far. Still can’t even print to my USB canon printer. Or run Photoshop. Ramsay So you’re comparing a phone to a chromebook? Then why not compare my Windows laptop to an android phone? Mine can multitask, supports windows resizing, can run any android software using an emulator. Yep So run linux photo editing software on Chromebook or android Yep Because Windows is running tons of processes in the background whereas Chromebook isn’t. MrTrunky I can print from my Chromebook the same way I can print from my smartphone, with an Ethernet/WiFi enabled printer. I think your printer is toooo old if doesn’t support it. If you read this article, you will notice that Photoshop can be installed on a Chromebook. Anyway, Photoshop is not a need for average users. Real Warder Why would you be content to be so limited to only use some printers and some apps when with a Windows PC you can use any printer and any application? You can run everything 100% perfectly on Windows. MrTrunky I can use my printer, and thats enough. I don’t need to use other people printers. Also I have a PC with Windows and Ubuntu that I use for work (I’m web developer), but most of the time I use the Chromebook cause it turns on almost instantly and it’s perfect for browse the web, edit docs, and much more. spazinvader A Chromebook is a PC. You mean a desktop? Or a windows laptop? spazinvader You can control what is running and what should not run. Using 2 laptops for single work is insane. spazinvader For your use case, an Android tablet would suffice. Why you even went for a Chromebook is beyond me. spazinvader This is Chromebook. You can run Android on Windows laptops. And you cannot run Windows Phone in Android(like you mentioned Android running on WP) Real Warder So your real work is done on a PC. My laptop turns on instantly too when I open the lid. Still not seeing any reason to compromise with a Chromebook. MrTrunky A Chromebook is a better option than an Android tablet for a lot of reason; – I personaly prefer a laptop form factor – Has more battery life than most tablets (9 hours of use) – Has full Chrome browser (With extensiones and apps) vs simple mobile Chrome on tablets – Bigger screen – Full physical keyboard, with backlight – Can run the same software (Includes Play Store) and more (With Wine con run Windows software, explained in this article) – Multitask with resizable windows – It’s cheaper than most decent Android tablets (180$, for this price you only find low quality tablets) – Can run full Linux distros if desired For this reasons, and more, a Chromebook it’s a very good choice, the best for my usecase. If you are curious, my Chromebook is a CB3-131 MrTrunky Its simple, right now and don’t work at home, but in the office. At home only I browse the web, and little more, and I like to do It from the sofa. For this use a Chromebook is better, cause is faster than Windows, has better battery life (Up to 9 hours of real usage) it’s simpler, the updates are totally transparent, without any wait or reboot, I dont need and antivirus, etc, etc.. In summary, I can do It all that I need, for more time, without any wait or interruption, and for less money. Acer CB3-131, just buy one for 180$ and you will see it’s adventages. Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Subscribe Now Windows 10 MSPoweruser Podcast 34: The final Creators Update features trickle in by Andrew Bennett on February 11, 2017 The Windows 10 Creators Update is feature complete, and the final tweaks and features are arriving. The Windows Developer Day event shed some light on some of these, and also gave another gl... Microsoft releases UWP Community Toolkit 1.3, with new OneDrive and Surface Dial... by Surur The UWP Community Toolkit is a collection of helper functions, custom controls, and app services that can be used to build UWP apps for any Windows 10 device, including PC, Mobile, Xbox, IoT... Microsoft is bringing Windows Hello to Active Directory-only environments with C... by Pradeep Until now, only customers with Azure Active Directory and hybrid environments with Azure Active Directory Connect were able to use Windows Hello authentication solution in Windows 10. With W... Microsoft announces new improvements to Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protect... by Pradeep Last year, Microsoft announced a new service called Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection that helps enterprises detect, investigate, and respond to advanced attacks on their networks.... Microsoft’s Surface devices now part of the NSA’s CSfC list, gets ne... by Sean Chan Microsoft has been focusing quite a lot on security for its products in the past couple of years. Today, the company is announcing a new tool for its Surface products that will make these de... Deals Deals Deal Alert: 1 TB Xbox One S with free controller and Halo Wars 2 only £259 The Microsoft Store is offering a range of deals on the Xbox One S, offering as much as £40 off plus a free controller which usually costs £50. The the best deal is for the 1TB Halo Wars 2... Deal: Save up to $250 on select Surface Book models from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering up to $250 discount on select Surface Book devices. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1299. Also, Surface ... Deal: Save $524 on the original Surface Book with Core i7 and 512GB SSD Amazon US is now offering a huge discount on the original Surface Book device. You can now get a discount of $524 on the Surface Book with Intel Core i7/16GB RAM/512GB/NVIDIA graphics. Find ... Deal: Save up to $200 on select Surface Pro 4, plus get an NFL Type Cover worth ... Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the US. You can also get an NFL Type cover worth $159 for free along with the purchase. For example, ... Deal: Fallout 4 now available for just $19.99 Amazon is now offering Bethesda’s ‘Fallout 4’ for just $19.99. This is a great deal as the digital version of the title is still $59.99. Bethesda Game Studios, the award-wi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $799 Microsoft Store US is now offering a discount of $200 on the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device. Get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $799. It comes with S... Hyperkin introduces new Xbox One retro style gamepad Hyperkin, the company behind retro-gaming gadgets like the Retron 5, Supaboy, and the Smartboy, has just introduced a new Xbox One controller for those gamers who still enjoy the old style g... Deal: Save Rs. 15,000 on Xbox One 1TB Console 3 Games Holiday Bundle Amazon India is selling the Xbox One 1TB Console 3 Games Holiday Bundle for 38% off until January 29. The bundle, which normally retails for Rs. 39,990, is going for Rs. 24,990, saving buyer... Deal: Get a free Sennheiser Momentum 2 Wireless ($399 value) with select Surface... Microsoft Rewards Members can now get a free pair of Sennheiser Momentum 2 Wireless headphones ($399 value) with select Surface devices from Microsoft Store. Crank up the volume and tune out... Deal: Get 15% off select Surface Book devices in Australia Microsoft Store is now offering up to 15% discount on select Surface Book devices in Australia. Find the updated price list below. Surface Book – 256GB / Core Intel i7 – 8GB / dG... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
No Ads Saturday | February 11, 2017 Trending Kellyanne Conway's lengthening gaffe track 02/10/17 03:07 AM Pew: 6 in 10 illegals live in 20, mostly 'sanctuary cities' 02/09/17 12:50 PM Not so fast on that Trump endorses the 'Gang of Eight' story 02/09/17 09:11 PM Solidcore gym founder calls out Ivanka Trump after workout 02/09/17 05:16 PM Trump tells China: I'll honor One China Taiwan policy 02/09/17 11:28 PM Court's rejection of immigration ban raises stakes for Gorsuch 02/10/17 12:26 AM Mnuchin advances in Senate 02/10/17 02:31 AM Kelly to border, first move to build wall, stop drug, sex trafficking 02/09/17 09:37 AM Top aide: Clinton among the 'least surprised' that Trump won 02/10/17 08:16 AM Opposition to wussiness is the driving force in U.S. politics 02/10/17 12:56 AM Senate confirms Price as HHS secretary 02/10/17 02:15 AM Associated Press omits that law requires Obamacare signups 02/09/17 05:24 PM Editor fires back after Trump cited article to discredit court decision 02/10/17 08:31 AM Democrats set optimistic goals after 2016 'autopsy' 02/10/17 12:01 AM Conway punches back at Democrats after court ruling 02/09/17 11:11 PM Rosie O'Donnell's starting to look a lot like Steve Bannon 02/09/17 10:18 PM CNN's Chris Cuomo apologizes for equating 'fake news' to the N-word 02/09/17 04:39 PM Like Conway, Michelle Obama boasted about 'boosting' sale of designers 02/09/17 07:08 PM Cotton fills Sessions' shoes on immigration 02/10/17 12:01 AM A refugee ban is just what ISIS wants 01/29/17 02:04 PM Trump faults 'political decision' of appeals court, promises future win 02/09/17 08:00 PM Trump's travel ban threatens our ability to spread American values abroad 02/09/17 07:20 PM Byron York: Justice Department demolishes case against Trump order 02/05/17 07:31 PM Byron York: A fact-free debate on Trump's executive order 02/08/17 04:34 PM Oops: New York Times outs undocumented California college students 02/10/17 09:27 AM Manchin: Trump open to reviewing 'Gang of Eight' immigration bill 02/09/17 03:37 PM FBI probes what Michael Flynn said to the Russian ambassador 02/09/17 10:44 PM On Trump's travel ban executive order, Gorsuch is more likely to oppose it than Garland 02/09/17 06:32 PM Trump rips New York Times story about call with Chinese president 02/10/17 09:00 AM Google alerting journalists of possible 'government-backed' hackers 02/10/17 10:54 AM Tom Price's confirmation as HHS secretary to accelerate Obamacare repeal 02/10/17 12:01 AM Hill Republicans plan to kill Obama's order on taxpayer funding of Planned Parenthood 02/10/17 11:27 AM David Brooks hopes for 'some crisis' for Trump 02/10/17 11:19 AM 'Do your job': Chaffetz met by mob demanding Trump oversight 02/10/17 07:24 AM Kellyanne Conway's husband just got a big boost to be Trump's solicitor general 02/09/17 07:27 PM Indicted Democrat partied with Pelosi, flew with Obama, and campaigned for Clinton 02/09/17 04:18 PM Appeals court keeps block on Trump's immigration ban 02/09/17 06:13 PM Nordstrom brings Trump's conflicts home to roost 02/10/17 06:00 AM CPAC-ACU: Trump's Cabinet the most conservative, surpassing Reagan 02/09/17 08:37 AM DHS estimates border wall may take $21 billion, over 3 years to build 02/09/17 06:53 PM GOP senator: Judges 'got offended' by Trump team's legal arguments 02/10/17 11:43 AM Coal miners projected to go back to work 02/07/17 02:24 PM Hillary Clinton trolls Trump after court refuses to reinstate immigration ban 02/09/17 07:22 PM Protesters try to block Education Secretary Betsy DeVos from visiting DC schools 02/10/17 11:19 AM Court rules on the stay of Trump's travel ban, but not on its constitutional merits 02/09/17 07:08 PM Trump says he might sign 'brand new order' on immigration 02/10/17 05:22 PM Do liberals care about fascist-style violence in Berkeley? 02/10/17 05:49 PM Assad: Torture report part of the 'fake news era' 02/10/17 07:34 AM Trump is stronger than national polls suggest 02/07/17 12:06 AM House Oversight Committee calls for ethics review of Kellyanne Conway for promoting Ivanka Trump's brand 02/09/17 05:36 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us President Trump is headed to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend. ( AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana) Trump talks up economic issues after difficult third week By Anna Giaritelli (@anna_giaritelli) • 2/10/17 8:16 PM Anna Giaritelli Breaking News Reporter The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/AnnaGiaritelliHeadshot1.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More President Trump on Friday said a minute does not pass in which his White House is not working to create new jobs and boost wages for Americans. "Every hour of every day, my administration is focused on creating jobs for our people and I mean good jobs, more jobs, better jobs, higher-paying jobs. That's our mission," Trump said during his weekly address to the nation. Trump's third address comes at the conclusion of a week where the legal drama surrounding his executive order halting travel from seven countries in the Middle East and North Africa saturated much of the news cycle, prompting the Trump administration to refocus the public's attention on other recently adopted policies. On Tuesday, Intel CEO Reed Cordish visited the White House and announced the technology company's plans to invest $7 billion into a new manufacturing factory in Phoenix, Ariz. Stay abreast of the latest developments from nation's capital and beyond with curated News Alerts from the Washington Examiner news desk and delivered to your inbox. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for Washington Examiner News Alerts. You should receive your first alert soon! "Intel decided to move forward with this project because they know we are totally committed to lifting the regulatory and tax burdens that are hurting American innovation and companies," Trump said. "We want to make it much easier to do business in America ... we wanna make it much harder for companies to leave. They're not just going to say 'bye bye' and fire everybody. There will be consequences." The administration is in the process of working on a major tax reform that will "massively reduce" taxes on our workers and businesses, Trump added. Trump has credited himself with negotiating deals to keep Carrier and Ford from building manufacturing plants outside the country and keep those jobs in the U.S. His goal, as stated on Friday, is to make the U.S. the "great jobs magnet of the world." Before ending his five-minute address, Trump touched on the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals' refusal to uphold the travel ban. "My administration is committed to your security, which is why we will continue to fight to take all necessary and legal action to keep terrorists, radical and dangerous extremists, from ever entering our country," Trump vowed. Also from the Washington Examiner Federal Election Commission calls on Trump to share evidence of voter fraud The president on Friday asserted that illegal votes were cast against him in New Hampshire. By Daniel Chaitin • 02/11/17 1:22 AM "We will not allow our generous system of immigration to be turned against us as a tool for terrorism and truly bad people. We must take firm steps today to ensure that we are safe tomorrow." Following the taping of the pre-filmed address, Trump told reporters aboard Air Force One Friday he is considering signing a "brand new order" on immigration and refugees. "We will win that battle. The unfortunate part is that it takes time statutorily, but we will win that battle. We also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order," Trump said. The president, en route to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend, said his administration may be ready to announce their decision on how to proceed as early as Monday or Tuesday. Also from the Washington Examiner Exclusive: Internal poll says Dems can sway voters against Gorsuch The summary of the poll said there is "limited initial support for Gorsuch." By Susan Crabtree • 02/11/17 12:54 AM Top Story Federal agencies weigh how to satisfy Trump's demand for 'extreme vetting' The executive order gives departments 90 days to review screening measures. By Gabby Morrongiello • 02/11/17 12:33 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | White House | Immigration | Jobs | President | Appeals Courts | Economy | Video | Donald Trump | Unemployment | Manufacturing | Ford | Intel | Executive Action | Anna Giaritelli | Refugees Subscribe to Alerts + News + White House + Immigration + Jobs + President + Appeals Courts + Economy + Video + Donald Trump + Unemployment + Manufacturing + Ford + Intel + Executive Action + Anna Giaritelli + Refugees Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-02-10 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/trump-talks-up-economic-issues-after-difficult-third-week/article/2614561 2017-02-10T20:16 2017-02-10T20:19 Trump talks up economic issues after difficult third week President Trump on Friday said a minute does not pass in which his White House is not working to create new jobs and boost wages for Americans. Every hour of every day, my administration is focused on creating jobs for our people and I mean good jobs, more jobs, better jobs, higher-paying jobs. That's our mission, Trump said during his weekly address to the nation. Trump's third address comes at the conclusion of a week where the legal drama surrounding his executive order halting travel from seven countries in the Middle East and North Africa saturated much of the news cycle, prompting the Trump administration to refocus the public's attention on other recently adopted policies. On Tuesday, Intel CEO Reed Cordish visited the White House and announced the technology company's plans to invest $7 billion into a new manufacturing factory in Phoenix, Ariz. Politics,News,White House,Immigration,Jobs,President,Appeals Courts,Economy,Video,Donald Trump,Minusextra,Unemployment,Manufacturing,Ford,Intel,Executive Action,Anna Giaritelli,Refugees http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-669d32793d55d496e4307b1940f31f2d.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-669d32793d55d496e4307b1940f31f2d.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics SHLD NVDA Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Buying Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock? Wait for a Pullback The bullish response to last quarter's earnings made a bad problem worse By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Feb 7, 2017, 11:27 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 The Smart Money: Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Is Already Insolvent Buying Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock? Wait for a Pullback Recent Posts: Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Stock Soars on Revenue Growth, Buybacks Why Twitter Inc (TWTR), Coty Inc (COTY) and Cabelas Inc (CAB) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 View All Posts Back on Dec. 21, and again on Jan. 12, yours truly here touted Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) as one of the market’s most compelling (and investment-worthy) turnaround stories. Though, I was worried AMD stock was a bit too overextended for its own good, I completely understood the strong bullish sentiment even as I feared a profit-taking pullback. Source: Matthew Rutledge via Flickr Well, last week’s earnings report largely vindicated my broad optimism. On the flipside, the rally AMD has dished out since my last look has exacerbated its overbought condition. I stand by the original thesis. That is, AMD stock is a buy on any decent-sized dip. As it just so happens, the low of that dip is now likely to be above the low point I had in mind just a few weeks ago. The Best Is Yet to Come As a refresher, or in case you missed it, the maker of computer processors and other computer chips lost one cent per share of AMD stock for its fourth fiscal quarter, on revenue of $1.1 billion. The loss was in line with expectations, and the top line was 15% better than expectations. More important, both figures were marked improvements on year-ago numbers; the company lost 13 cents per share in its fourth quarter of 2015. To those who’ve been loosely keeping tabs on Advanced Micro Devices, the growth makes sense. AMD has been irrelevant for years, losing out to processors from Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), but also ceding ground to Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) in the mobile processor and chip market. Last year though, whispers of a game-changing CPU (central processing unit) and a game-changing GPU (graphics processing unit) surfaced. If the rumors were true, it was only a matter of time before Advanced Micro Devices started winning back market share. As it turns out, the rumors were true. The processor, nicknamed Ryzen, is the first entry in the Summit Ridge line of desktop processors are a true 8-core, 16-thread CPU with a base operating speed of 3.4 GHz. That’s a bit stronger than the most comparable processor from Intel, the Core i7-6900K, which operates at a base frequency of 3.2 GHz. The i7 can be boosted up to 4 GHz; it’s not exactly clear exactly how fast the Ryzen can be pushed, though it’s likely to be in that 4 gigahertz ballpark. The new GPU technology, called Vega, is a second-generation high bandwidth memory (or HBM2) design found on a stacked-memory architecture that performs significantly better than the more common GDDR5 (double data rate type-five) utilized by most graphics processing units today. An essentially-infinite amount of memory can be dedicated to handling the display — the maximum virtualization is capped at a ridiculous 512 terabytes. This platform is about twice as powerful as most current alternatives, and will make Advanced Micro Devices competitive with the newest generation of GPU architecture from Nvidia, called Pascal. Thing is, last quarter’s huge results had nothing to do with Ryzen or Vega. Ryzen won’t be available until the end of this month or early March, and Vega won’t be out until May. Everything AMD did last quarter it did solely with its least dramatic wares. Just think what kind of growth it will achieve once Vega and Ryzen are available. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/buy-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-stock-after-a-pullback/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans Shooting Higher 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of Television How TWTR Fooled the Suckers Again Report: iPhone 8 May Cost More Than $1,000 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Dividend Stocks for the Retirement You Deserve 4 Dow Jones Titans That Are Shooting Higher 7 Stocks to Buy for the Future of TV 3 Japanese Stocks That Will Rise on Donald Trump-Shinzo Abe Summit 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Most Popular 7 Marvelous Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for the Best of All Worlds 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 High-Risk, High-Reward Stocks to Buy Now 3 Warren Buffett Stocks to Buy in the Trump Era 5 Income Tax Deductions You Can’t Afford to Miss Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Socks the Shorts With the Model 3 Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] New Lenovo ThinkPad P51, ThinkPad P51s & ThinkPad P71 Offer Ruggedness & Power Travis Pope02/07/2017 Lenovo has new treats for any businesses owner or office worker that craves enough graphics processing to drive a virtual reality headset or a 4K resolution display inside a rugged frame. It’s calling those treats the ThinkPad P51, ThinkPad P51s and the ThinkPad P71. Advertisement Lenovo revealed the ThinkPad P51, ThinkPad P51s and ThinkPad P71 at SOLIDWORKS World 2017, a trade show focusing on design tool SOLIDWORKS. The new laptops come just roughly a month after Lenovo refreshed its ThinkPad X1 line during the Consumer Electronics Show. The ThinkPad P51, ThinkPad P51s and the ThinkPad P71 lean towards the future, though they do so in different ways. Each has support for 4K displays and 7th Generation Intel Core I processors. While the smaller machines focus on heavily on stuffing lots of power into a rugged, compact frame, the ThinPad P71 goes for all-out power. The ThinkPad P51 Two of the notebooks are set for launch this coming March. Another will launch this coming April. The Lenovo ThinkPad P51 can handle up to 2TB of solid state storage and 64GB of RAM. Though businesses are free to configure the notebook however they like, graphics options top out with an NVIDIA Quadro M2200M GPU. That’s for buyers that know Intel’s integrated graphics processors just won’t do. ThinkPad P51 also boasts support for the 7th Generation Intel Core processors. These processors offer better handling of 4K, which is important in the ThinkPad P51’s case. The notebook has three display options, one of which is a 4K UHD display. 4K is shorthand for a display that has four times the amount of pixels that a standard definition display does. There’s also a 1080P touchscreen option for those that want to tap on items and interact with Windows 10 directly. The machine has a Thunderbolt 3 port for docking efficiently and maintaining speedy file transfers. Advertisement The ThinkPad P51s The ThinkPad P51 goes on sale in April for $1,399.99. The ThinkPad P51s is another version of this machine with the same processor and display options. It can only handle 32GB of RAM and tops out with an NVIDIA Quadro M520M graphics processor. It’ll launch in March for $1,049. It’s the P71 that offers the most power. It can be configured with an NVIDIA Quadro P5000M processor. The ThinkPad P71’s bigger footprint allowed Lenovo to include a DVD drive, which is something we aren’t used to seeing in most notebooks anymore. This machine also offers a 4K display and two Thunderbolt ports instead of just one. It’s a 15-inch notebook. The ThinkPad P71 Advertisement Lenovo says that the ThinkPad P71 can drive the latest virtual reality headsets on its own, which is big now that businesses are starting to learn about how they can be useful in their workflows and setups. Though prices on the headsets themselves are coming down, powering one is only something that high-end notebooks can do today. Lenovo expects to launch the ThinkPad P71 in April. It’ll cost the most of all three new ThinkPads at $1,849.99.   Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 02/02/2017 iPhone vs Android: 14 Reasons iPhone is Better 01/27/2017
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Review Review: Samsung’s Chromebook Pro will change the way you look at Chrome Image Source: Zach Epstein, BGR Zach Epstein @zacharye February 10th, 2017 at 9:00 AM Share Tweet Taking over the world isn’t easy, but Google is well on its way. The company’s Android platform is still in its infancy in the grand scheme of things, and yet smart thinking on Google’s part caused adoption to skyrocket in no time at all. By making Android open source and offering it to hardware vendors for free (with important strings attached), Google made the decision all too easy for companies like Samsung, HTC and Motorola, which all needed a fresh new platform to enter the smartphone market. After all, it was becoming increasingly obvious that industry leaders like Nokia and BlackBerry were doomed. And why build your own platform when you can use Android for free? The goal for Google, of course, is to put its various products and services in front of as many eyeballs as possible, and to make it as easy as possible to access and use them. The more often people use Google services, the more data Google can collect and the more ads Google can display. The company is doing great things, of that there is no question, but Google is a business and selling ads is how it stays in business. With the smartphone market covered, Google has expanded its presence in other key markets. Android TV, Android Wear, and Google’s work with IoT devices are all examples of the company’s efforts to widen its reach. And then there’s Chrome, which continues to be dismissed by some industry watchers despite having made tremendous gains in recent years; despite the overall decline in the PC market last year, Chromebook shipments climbed 20%. The majority of Chromebook gains have come in the education and low-end consumer markets, where cost among the biggest factors that contribute to purchase decisions. But Google and its partners will have to address other markets as well if Chrome is to become a major player in the market. Don't Miss: Is this the perfect Android phone? It’s easy to dismiss Chrome OS. Windows is massive! Windows is too big to fail! Windows will be the world’s go-to desktop computing for decades to come! Of course, those of us who have been covering consumer tech for as long as I have can remember when the exact same things were said about Symbian, Windows Mobile and BlackBerry OS. In fact, Nokia executives used to laugh at me in 2007 and 2008 when I asked them how they planned to adapt to the shifting smartphone market. I don’t imagine any of those executives are laughing anymore. Now, this isn’t to say that Windows is a doomed platform — at least, not anytime soon. But to state things mildly, the future does not look terribly bright for Windows at the moment. Market research firm IDC estimates that 428.5 million smartphones shipped in the fourth quarter alone last year, with the overwhelming majority of those phones having been powered by Android. Meanwhile, IDC says that a total of 260.2 million PCs shipped in all of 2016. Even though Microsoft currently owns more than 90% of the PC market according to Net Applications, Android user numbers have continued to grow while PC shipments decline. So, what happens years from now when all these Android users have the option to buy a new Windows PC, or a new Chrome OS computer that gives them tighter integration with their phones and access to all the same apps and services they enjoy on other devices, in addition to desktop-grade apps? Of course, Android apps themselves will likely be “desktop-grade” by then, but the point is Microsoft’s advantages with Windows have been dwindling slowly over the past decade, and it looks like the pace may soon accelerate. Especially when you add Chrome devices like the new Samsung Chromebook Pro into the mix. First, a few thoughts on Chrome OS, which shares a name with Google’s wildly popular cross-platform web browser. This is apropos, as anyone who has used a Chrome computer will tell you, because the operating system itself looks and feels very similar to Chrome for Windows or Mac, and the Chrome browser is the focal point of Chrome OS. The best way to describe Chrome OS may be to call it something of a hybrid between the Chrome desktop browser and the Android platform. The user interface will feel quite familiar to anyone with an Android smartphone, because it utilizes the same Material Design elements as Android. Out of the box, however, most functions happen in the browser (even in offline mode). Upon powering up a Chrome device for the first time, users will be greeted with a familiar desktop view similar to what you might find on a Windows or Mac PC. A “Launcher” button in the bottom-left corner replaces the Start button you’d find on a Windows machine, and a series of app icons are found in the menu bar beside it. Clicking those app icons doesn’t open individual apps, however. Instead, they open associated web pages. So, for example, clicking the Gmail icon will take you to gmail.com, and clicking the Docs icon will open the Google Docs website. You can still save files and work on them offline, and you can also download new “apps” from Google’s Chrome Web Store. Those apps all live within the Chrome browser, however — on a Chrome OS device, the browser is a portal into nearly every function. At least, it used to be. On newer Chromebooks like Samsung’s Chromebook Pro, users also have access to the Google Play store along with all the Android apps within. While some apps work better than others on Chrome OS, new users will be surprised at how well Android apps function on their Chrome devices. As just one example, Newton — my go-to email app on iOS and macOS devices — is far faster on the Chromebook Pro than on my MacBook Air. In fact, the Android version is better designed as well, and is ironically better suited to a desktop environment than the macOS version. In fact, it feels like everything is faster on the Chromebook Pro than it is on a conventional computer. Samsung’s Chromebook Pro is powered by a 2.2GHz Intel Core m3 processor along with Intel HD graphics and 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM. Those specs would seem underpowered on a Windows or Mac machine, but Chrome OS strips out the complexities that most consumers likely don’t need anyway. It feels like a mobile OS, and it flies like a mobile OS. Websites load just as fast as they would on any Windows or Apple PC, and apps open even faster since they’re so much more streamlined. Samsung’s less expensive Chromebook Plus is powered by a 2GHz hexa-core OP1 ARM chipset, which offers a bit less power and lesser graphics performance while shaving $100 from the device’s price tag. The two models are otherwise nearly identical. In its current state, the Chrome OS platform is more than capable enough to handle both work and play for the vast majority of users. Chrome is not yet ready for people who need to use custom enterprise software or complex software like professional video editing apps. But for everyone else, it’s a serious contender. As you might expect on a Samsung device, the 12.3-inch LED display on the Chromebook Pro is stunning. It features 2400×1600 Quad HD resolution and brightness is rated at 400nit. Streaming videos look fantastic on the bright screen, and the 3:2 aspect ratio offers plenty of room to position multiple apps around the screen and multitask. The Chromebook Pro also ships with a stylus that can be popped out from an edge just like a Note-series smartphone or tablet. It’s not quite as feature rich as the S Pen and it’s certainly not integrated as deeply into the operating system, but it’s great for taking notes. For drawing or painting, Samsung’s new notebook will ship with an app called Art Canvas, though it wasn’t available in the pre-release software running on my test unit. The stylus can also be used to capture portions of the screen, or as a virtual magnifying glass to help users read small print. Samsung put a great deal of effort into the writing experience on the Chromebook Pro, and it shows. The feel is fantastic — as close to “pen on paper” as Samsung’s Note smartphones — and a special algorithm developed by Google helps lower latency by predicting where each stroke will go as you write. There is still noticeable latency on the device when you write quickly, but I don’t find it to be bothersome at all. Also of note, the screen on the Chromebook Pro can fold all the way open so the device can be used comfortably in tablet mode. I only wish as much attention had been paid to the keyboard, which is one of my least favorite things about this laptop. The plastic keys on the device feel cheap and they require too much pressure to depress. I also wish the keyboard had wider delete and tab keys, though I do like the dedicated Search button in place of the Caps Lock. This key opens the Launcher window, which is a home base of sorts in Chrome OS, giving users access to a search bar and to apps. The trackpad is nice and big on the Chromebook Pro, and it’s also quite responsive. The device includes two USB Type-C ports, either of which can be used to charge the notebook, as well as a 3.5mm audio jack and a microSD card slot. The Chromebook Pro ships with just 32GB of onboard storage since Chrome OS is a cloud-first platform, but microSDXC support adds an inexpensive and easy option for expansion. The device itself weighs just 2.38 pounds and measures 11.04 x 8.72 x 0.55 inches. That makes it thinner and lighter than Apple’s new 13-inch MacBook Pro, which measures 0.59 inches thick and weighs a hair over 3 pounds. The light weight can be attributed in part to the plastic housing, but the Chromebook Pro also only has a 39-watt-hour battery compared to up to 54.5-watt-hours in the 13-inch MacBook Pro. The Chromebook still manages to offer an estimated 8-10 hours of battery life per charge though, thanks largely to its efficient Core m3 chipset and the lightweight Chrome OS. In the end, the Chromebook Pro is a device that redefines the Chromebook category. It’s the first Chromebook to include an integrated stylus and pen support, but the laptop’s power plays a bigger role in this area. Samsung’s Chromebook Pro and devices like it offer performance that hasn’t been seen before on a Chrome OS device, extending the addressable market to include power users who otherwise wouldn’t look twice at a Chromebook. As for pricing and availability, the Samsung Chromebook Pro will be released sometime in late April for $549. Of note, the Google Play store for Chrome will exit beta around the same time. Samsung’s more affordable ARM-powered Chromebook Plus can be preordered right now for $449 on Amazon or on Samsung’s website, and it will start shipping this Sunday, February 12th. Here’s a quick video that shows of the Chromebook Plus model that will be released this weekend: Tags: chrome os, Chromebook Pro, google, Samsung View Comments Trending 1 Entertainment Activision admits taking ‘Call of Duty’ to space was a bad idea 2 Tech Not even T-Mobile can touch the new deal Sprint just announced 3 Tech We’ll probably see the iPhone 8 sooner than we thought 4 Tech The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse 5 Deals 10 paid iPhone apps on sale for free today Picked For You The Galaxy Note 7 disaster is forcing Samsung to make the Galaxy S8 worse By Chris Smith February 9th at 9:02 PM Leaked photos show us how stunning Samsung’s Galaxy S8 design will be By Zach Epstein February 9th at 1:38 PM World’s top insider just confirmed one of Apple’s key iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s features By Chris Smith February 9th at 11:58 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad Post to Cancel
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email Sleazy Business in the White House by Nancy LeTourneau February 8, 2017 3:46 PM Political Animal Blog Gage Skidmore/Flickr Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email In a carryover from his transition, Donald Trump continues to use his position as POTUS to promote the businesses that he likes and punish those that he doesn’t. The latter came after Nordstrom announced last week that they would discontinue carrying Ivanka’s fashion line. “We’ve said all along we make buying decisions based on performance. We’ve got thousands of brands — more than 2,000 offered on the site alone. Reviewing their merit and making edits is part of the regular rhythm of our business,” said a Thursday night statement from Nordstrom. “Each year we cut about 10 percent and refresh our assortment with about the same amount. In this case, based on the brand’s performance we’ve decided not to buy it for this season.” For most designers, that would have simply been a bad day at the office. But Ivanka’s father is a thin-skinned bully who happens to be president. So this morning he tweeted this: My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person — always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 Later, the president’s press secretary has to defend that and managed to make the situation even more unseemly. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Wednesday that Nordstrom’s decision to stop carrying Ivanka Trump’s clothing and accessories line is an attack on the president’s policies and his daughter… “I think this is less about his family’s business and an attack on his daughter,” Spicer said. “He ran for president. He won. He’s leading this country. I think for people to take out their concern about his actions or his executive orders on members of his family, he has every right to stand up for his family and applaud their business activities, their success.” What started out as a performance problem for Nordstrom became unfair treatment according to Trump and then turned into an attack on the president’s policies and family by Spicer. I can’t believe that we’re talking about a fashion line on a political blog, but this is a great example of how this thin-skinned administration escalates even the most mundane of events. And that doesn’t even begin to address the problem with a POTUS who tries to punish a business for a personal pique. While Trump is going after Nordstrom, he is using the Oval Office as the latest home shopping network for Intel. He invited the company’s CEO for a visit to make a new product announcement. The White House announced Trump’s meeting with Krzanich in a last-minute update to its daily schedule sent to reporters about an hour before the meeting took place. “I just want to introduce Brian Krzanich, who is the CEO of Intel, a great, great company,” Trump said. He said that Krzanich had a “very big announcement” and invited him to speak. “Brian, why don’t you say a few words and maybe also talk about the product you’re going to be making?” Trump said. “It’s amazing.” “It’s an honor to be here today representing Intel and to be able to announce our $7 billion investment in our newest most advanced factory, Fab 42, in Chandler, Arizona,” Krzanich said. Of course this is another one of those companies that is kissing up to Trump with a jobs announcement that has actually been in the works for years. Former Intel President and CEO Paul Otellini announced in 2011 that the corporation would invest over $5 billion in Fab 42, which was originally set to be completed in 2013, according to a report by PCWorld… Intel indefinitely postponed the factory’s opening in 2014 amid decreased demand, according to a report by the Oregonian. So Intel gets a product push from the president in the Oval Office and the president gets to claim responsibility for the jobs they’ve been planning to create for the last 6 years. The word that comes to mind with both of these incidents is “sleazy.” That’s probably a pretty good description of how Trump has been running his businesses for years. Now he’s bringing the same approach to the presidency. Excuse me while I go take a shower. Just talking about all this made me feel dirty. Nancy LeTourneau Nancy LeTourneau is a contributing writer for the Washington Monthly. Related Posts iStock What Trump Doesn't Know Could Hurt Us by Nancy LeTourneau February 9, 2017 2:52 PM This president loves nothing more than to bloviate on things he is ignorant about. Gage Skidmore/Flickr Trump's Deportation Plan, Up Close and Personal by Nancy LeTourneau February 9, 2017 1:00 PM Deporting those who cooperate will deteriorate all cooperation. Michael Vadon/Flickr Blumenthal is Right, Trump is Wrong by Martin Longman February 9, 2017 12:02 PM Trump is the ultimate liar here. The facts back it up. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Blog Notes From the Resistance by Nancy LeTourneau February 2, 2017 4:08 PM Dissent is coming from all sides for President Trump, even from his own State Department. Political Animal Blog A Government of Laws, Not Madmen (Updated) by D.R. Tucker February 4, 2017 12:45 PM The millions of Americans who voted for the 45th President... Political Animal Blog The GOP Just Corbetted Themselves by Martin Longman February 7, 2017 3:40 PM Betsy DeVos's confirmation may have been a Pyrrhic victory for Republicans. Political Animal Blog Sleazy Business in the White House by Nancy LeTourneau February 8, 2017 3:46 PM Products take precedence in Trump's attention span. Political Animal Blog Trump Can’t Focus on National Security by Martin Longman February 8, 2017 2:00 PM He's spending all of his time on Twitter. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Blog Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Samsung’s Chromebook Pro tries and fails to be the future Wired David Pierce 10 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Where the Obamas are headed after the White House 15 celebrities who had epic fails as entrepreneurs Over the last couple of years, Chromebooks have quietly infiltrated the computer market. Google’s affordable “just a browser” devices are the best-selling computers in schools, and they’re percolating around boardrooms and cubicles. Last fall, more people bought Chromebooks than Macs—and that’s not going to switch back anytime soon. Now Google’s out to convince you, regular human, person of sound mind and reasonable budget, that you ought to buy a Chromebook. Popular Searches Homeland Security Corp HSCC ▼ 0.0090 -0.0014 -13.29% DNO ASA DTNOF ▼ 1.00 -0.04 -3.71% IGM Financial Inc IGIFF ▲ 31.00 +0.63 +2.07% Michael Kors Holdings Ltd KORS ▲ 38.38 +0.11 +0.29% The consumer Chromebook onslaught starts with Samsung’s Chromebook Plus and Pro, which are on paper the most well-rounded Chrome OS devices ever. The Plus starts at $450 and is available next week, and the Pro will be $550 when it ships in March. Both fit right into the normal-person laptop budget. They do all the Chrome OS things, have great and flippy touchscreens, and even support pen input. And best of all, they run all of the millions of apps in Google’s Play Store. They’re part smartphone, part tablet, part laptop, combined in a way that feels like the computer of the future.) RELATED: How Chromebooks Are About to Totally Transform Laptop Design I’ve been using the Pro for the last couple of weeks. Like I said, it sounds great… on paper. In reality, this brilliantly polymorphic computer still feels more like a science experiment. The Good Kind of Cheap It shouldn’t be that hard to make a good laptop. Most people want the same things: A relatively light and thin body, attractive enough you don’t mind being seen with it in public. Well-spaced, clicky keyboard, and spacious, smooth trackpad. High-res screen, and enough power and battery to get you through even an extra-long day at work. Pretty straightforward, right? According to your average $500 Best Buy Special, this is very hard. The Chromebook Pro proves it’s at least possible. At about a half-inch thick and 2.38 pounds, it’s smaller than almost every laptop not named MacBook. It doesn’t ooze class and wealth every time you open the lid, but the magnesium alloy body (mine’s silver, but yours will be black) at least won’t look out of place in Economy Comfort. Even more so once you peel off the unsightly Energy Star sticker. The rounded edges and exposed hinge give it a decidedly utilitarian look—you’re not holding a future Smithsonian exhibit in your hands, you’re holding a laptop. And that’s just fine. The 12.3-inch, 2400×1600 display is excellent, and works well as a touchscreen too. But it really shines when you pop the tiny stylus out of the body of the Chromebook Pro. The stylus matches the one in Samsung’s Galaxy Note phones, and works just as well: you can draw, doodle, take notes, the whole nine. Google’s Keep note-taking app supports the pen as an input tool, and works fabulously. Trust me: there’s nothing quite so futuristic as signing a contract right on your computer screen. RELATED: Want a Peek at the Future of Laptops? Check Out Samsung’s New Chromebooks The whole kit runs on Intel’s Core M3 processor and four gigs of RAM. (The Chromebook Plus, which comes out next week and costs $450, runs on a lower-powered OP1 chip.) It has 32 gigs of internal storage, plus a microSD slot for adding more. None of those specs really matter, because power’s not an issue here and rarely ever is one on Chromebooks as a whole. The Chrome browser is so stable on these machines that it can handle more tabs and apps than my MacBook Pro. Not to mention, I get upwards of ten hours on the battery before I have to charge it. I used it basically non-stop during an hour-long train ride and six hours of flights, and still had plenty of battery left to watch The Good Place before bed. When you open the Pro’s lid, you’ll notice it never really stops opening. You can flip the screen a full 360 degrees, turning your laptop into a tablet. An awkward tablet, since the keyboard’s sitting right there on the back underneath your fingers, but a tablet nonetheless. It also sits sturdily like a teepee or like a digital picture frame, keyboard-down, both of which I used a lot—I sometimes watch Netflix while I cook, and it’s nice being able to hide the keyboard and trackpad from splattering olive oil. The downside of the 360-degree screen is that in order to accommodate all the ways you can hold it, Samsung had to make some weird layout choices. The power button’s on the right side, for instance, where I guarantee you’ll hit it by accident at least once a day. The headphone jack’s in the right place in laptopping (left side, at the rear) and thus bizarrely positioned for every other mode.© Samsung Samsung Those are all necessary compromises for this form factor. I like it, so I’ll take the compromises. I only have two true hardware problems: the speakers are terrible, and the keyboard isn’t backlit. Which is just stupid. But even with those issues, you won’t find better laptop hardware for this price. It’s thin, it’s fast enough, it’s long-lasting, it looks like a laptop made this decade. For $550, that’s a minor miracle. Harder Than It Looks The hardware works, but the Chromebook Pro’s software doesn’t. Google says everything will be fine before the device formally launches in April, and I have no reason to believe that’s not true. But from what I’ve seen so far, this hyper-versatile software trails way behind the hardware. Evidently combining Android and Chrome OS wasn’t as easy as it sounds. Some apps don’t recognize the keyboard and trackpad; others seem unable to handle a touchscreen. Some apps steadfastly refuse to connect to the internet. Most crash constantly, when they even open at all. Games beyond Solitaire-level complexity won’t run at all, not even on this more powerful model. Three times so far, the Chromebook Pro has crashed so spectacularly that I got a dozen error messages and the whole machine shut down. The whole point of a Chromebook is that things like that never happen.© Samsung Samsung Then there are the bugs. Oh, the bugs! Like the one where you flip the screen over to put the Pro in tent mode, and all your browser tabs disappear for no reason. Or how when you’re in tablet mode and try to put it to sleep, you just can’t. My favorite is the one where you open an app, and it just sits there flickering on the screen, forever trapped closing and opening. Again, Google seems well aware of these problems, and most appear to be fixable bugs. I’ll revisit this review closer to the launch, and I hope the story gets better. Right now, if I use a Chromebook Pro like other Chromebooks—tabs not apps, and laptop not tablet—it works great. It’s a light, thin, long-lasting, slightly expensive Chromebook. That’s just a much smaller vision than what this thing could be. It should let me play Netflix on one side and keep my dinner recipe up on the other. It should let me check Instagram and Snapchat right next to my work email. I should be playing Candy Crush and Asphalt 8 while I’m pretending to work. Instead it’s still just a web browser. That’s frustrating, because the Chromebook Pro was supposed to be the shape-shifting future of computing, Google’s answer to everything from the iPad Pro to the Surface Studio. It was supposed to be the first Chromebook that made no compromises, that was both secure and powerful, fast and feature-rich. Android apps and Chrome OS were a match made in heaven, a perfect way for smartphone owners to get into the laptop world. The hardware’s there: Samsung proved you can make the right kind of laptop at an attractive price, and I hope every other PC manufacturer is taking notes. But on the software side, it’s clearly unfinished. Luckily, you get to wait and see if Google fixes the Pro’s many problems. I’ll be back here to let you know how that goes. But for right now, know this: the dream of the just-right Chromebook is alive inside this machine, but it’s still just out of reach. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Wired Obama Talks AI and the Future of the World Wired America’s Electronic Voting Machines Are Easy Targets Wired America’s Top Spy Talks Snowden Leaks and Our Ominous Future Wired Google’s Clever Plan to Stop Aspiring ISIS Recruits Wired Wired View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 9835 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Trump, in strategy shift, considers new executive order on travel ban President Trump said Friday that he would take action next week to strengthen border security in the wake of an appeals court ruling against his travel ban order, but declined to say what avenue that action would take. Post to Facebook Trump, in strategy shift, considers new executive order on travel ban President Trump said Friday that he would take action next week to strengthen border security in the wake of an appeals court ruling against his travel ban order, but declined to say what avenue that action would take.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kXK2ck {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 274 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Trump, in strategy shift, considers new executive order on travel ban Gregory Korte , USA TODAY Published 1:48 p.m. ET Feb. 10, 2017 | Updated 6 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Trump expressed his desire to 'rapidly' make the U.S. safer during a press conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. USA TODAY NETWORK President Trump speaks during a joint news conference with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe on Feb. 10, 2017, in the East Room of the White House. (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP) 9835 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 274 COMMENTEMAILMORE WASHINGTON — President Trump said Friday he's considering a new executive order on refugees as soon as Monday or Tuesday, even as his administration mulls an appeal of a court decision suspending his previous order barring travelers from seven majority-Muslim countries. "We will win that battle," Trump said of the court fight. "We also have a lot of other options, including just filing a brand new order." The shifting White House strategy marked the beginning of a third weekend of chaotic developments on the travel ban, which has stranded air travelers and led to nationwide protests and legal challenges. After a three-judge panel refused to reinstate the travel ban on Thursday, the next stop would ordinarily be the Supreme Court. But a potential roadblock emerged late Friday, when a judge on the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco asked for the case to be heard by the full court of appeals, setting a deadline of next Thursday for arguments on that question. Trump, speaking to reporters on Air Force One Friday, suggested that a new executive order would be the most expedient route. "It very well could be. We need speed for reasons of security, so it very well could be." The new order would include additional security measures, Trump said. "We have very, very strong vetting. I call it extreme vetting and we're going very strong on security.  We are going to have people coming to our country that want to be here for good reason," he said. The San Francisco appeals court decision came in response to a challenge from Washington State, which sued to block provisions of the order temporarily barring nationals of Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from traveling to the United States. A key part of that opinion struck at a provision of Trump's order applying it to permanent legal residents. White House Counsel Donald McGahn later issued a memo clarifying that the ban did not include so-called "green card" holders, but the appeals court said the memo did not have the force of an executive order and can only be corrected by another executive order. The Trump administration also continued to fend off legal challenges on other fronts Friday, including in Alexandria, Va. A federal judge there offered a blistering critique of the travel ban, citing a "startling" lack of evidence that travelers from the seven Muslim-majority countries represented a specific national security threat. U.S. District Judge Leonie Brinkema did not immediately rule on a request for a nationwide preliminary injunction against the order, but she characterized its language as overly "broad and imprecise." Trump's comments on Air Force One, while traveling to his winter home in Mar-a-Lago, Fla. to golf with the Japanese prime minister, came after he deflected similar questions in a news conference earlier in the day. "We'll be going forward and we’ll be doing things that will continue to make this country safe. It will happen rapidly," he said at the White House. "I feel totally confident that we will have tremendous security for the people of the United States. We will have extreme vetting, which is a term I developed early in my campaign, because I saw what was happening." Contributing: David Jackson in Washington and Kevin Johnson in Alexandria, Va. Read more: USA TODAY President Trump's travel ban: 4 options for what happens next USA TODAY Virginia judge blasts Trump travel ban, cites lack of evidence of any threats USA TODAY The first 100 days of the Trump presidency FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn President Trump: A new era in Washington begins  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. President Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, accompanied by their wives, first lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wave before boarding Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base on Feb. 10, 2017.  Jose Luis Magana, AP Fullscreen Trump walks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe at the White House on Feb. 10, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump speaks to Democratic and Republican senators about Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 9, 2017.  Pool, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump arrives for a meeting with airline executives on Feb. 9, 2017.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen President Trump leaves after speaking at the Major Cities Chiefs Association and Major County Sheriff's Association Winter Meeting in Washington on Feb. 8, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with Trump on Feb. 8, 2017, where Intel announced an investment of $7 billion to build a factory in Chandler, Ariz., to create advanced semi-conductor chips.  Chris Kleponis, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump holds up a gift given to him by county sheriffs following a meeting as they pose for photos in the Oval Office on Feb. 7, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump has lunch with troops during a visit to the U.S. Central Command at MacDill Air Force Base on Feb. 6, 2017, in Tampa, Fla.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps watch the Super Bowl at a party at Trump International Golf Club in West Palm Beach, Fla., on Feb. 5, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for the 60th Annual Red Cross Gala at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., on on Feb. 4, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump walks with first lady Melania Trump on the tarmac after he arrived on Air Force One at the Palm Beach International Airport for a visit to Mar-a-Lago on Feb. 3, 2017.  Joe Raedle, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks from Marine One to board Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, Md., on Feb. 3, 2017, en route to Mar-a-Lago for the weekend.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump speaks during the beginning of a policy and strategy forum with business executives in the State Dining Room of the White House on Feb. 3, 2017.  Brendan Smialowski, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Vice President Pence look on as Trump speaks briefly to reporters after greeting Harley Davidson executives on the South Lawn of the White House on Feb. 2, 2017.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Television producer Mark Burnett, left, and Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., look on as Trump waves upon his arrival for the National Prayer Breakfast on Feb. 2, 2017, in Washington.  Evan Vucci, AP Fullscreen Trump takes his seat between Paula White of the New Destiny Christian Center and NRA Executive Vice President and CEO Wayne LaPierre at a meeting on his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court in the Roosevelt Room on Feb. 1, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Neil Gorsuch, his Supreme Court nominee, in the East Room of the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump meets with leaders of the pharmaceutical industry at the White House on Jan. 31, 2017.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen President Trump meets with small-business leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 30, 2017.  Jim Lo Scalzo, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen President Trump speaks on the phone with German Chancellor Angela Merkel in the Oval Office on Jan. 28, 2017.  Michael Reynolds, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump shakes hands with Defense Secretary James Mattis during an event at the Pentagon on Jan. 27, 2017. Vice President Pence is at right.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump greets British Prime Minister Theresa May as she arrives at the White House on Jan. 27, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell watch as President Trump arrives to speak to House and Senate GOP lawmakers at the annual policy retreat in Philadelphia on Jan. 26, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump boards Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland on Jan. 26, 2017, as he departed to attend a Republican congressional retreat in Philadelphia.  Nicholas Kamm, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump, accompanied by Vice President Mike Pence, gives a thumbs-up on Jan. 25, 2017, at the White House.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump reads from one of the executive orders he signed during a visit to the Department of Homeland Security with Vice President Mike Pence, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and other officials in Washington on Jan. 25, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump arrives for meeting with automobile leaders in the Roosevelt Room of the White House on Jan. 24, 2017.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen Trump displays one of five executive actions he signed in the Oval Office on Jan. 24, 2017.  Shawn Thew, European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump speaks during a reception for House and Senate leaders in the the State Dining Room of the White House on Jan. 23, 2017.  Susan Walsh, AP Fullscreen Trump signs executive actions in the Oval Office on Jan. 23, 2017.  Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump meets with business leaders on Jan. 23, 2017, in the Roosevelt Room.  Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP Fullscreen President Trump holds a letter left for him by former president Barack Obama as Vice President Pence looks on before the swearing-in of the White House senior staff on Jan. 22, 2017.  Mandel Ngan, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Trump speaks at the CIA headquarters in Langley, Va., on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The Trumps arrive for a National Prayer Service at the National Cathedral on Jan. 21, 2017.  Andrew Harnik, AP Fullscreen The president and first lady thank guests during the Freedom Ball at the Washington Convention Center on Jan. 20, 2017.  Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images Fullscreen The Trumps and Pences attend the Freedom Ball on Jan. 20, 2017.  Kevin Dietsch, Pool/European Pressphoto Agency Fullscreen Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump during the inaugural parade on Pennsylvania Avenue.  Evan Vucci, Pool Fullscreen Trump is joined by the congressional leadership and his family as he formally signs his cabinet nominations into law in the Presidents Room of the Senate on Jan. 20, 2017.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Photo-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Trump greets House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and other congressional leaders as he arrives for his inauguration luncheon at the Capitol on Inauguration Day.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen Trump and Obama arrive for Trump's inauguration luncheon at the Capitol.  J. Scott Applewhite, Pool Fullscreen The Trumps and Obamas stand on the steps of the U.S. Capitol on Jan. 20, 2017.  Rob Carr, Getty Images Fullscreen Trump is seen speaking on video monitor on the National Mall during his inauguration on Jan. 20, 2017.  John Minchillo, AP Fullscreen Trump delivers his inaugural address on Jan. 20, 2017, on the west front of the U.S. Capitol  Porter Binks, USA TODAY Fullscreen Trump takes the oath of office on Jan. 20, 2017, as his family looks on.  Jim Bourg, Pool Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 44 2 of 44 3 of 44 4 of 44 5 of 44 6 of 44 7 of 44 8 of 44 9 of 44 10 of 44 11 of 44 12 of 44 13 of 44 14 of 44 15 of 44 16 of 44 17 of 44 18 of 44 19 of 44 20 of 44 21 of 44 22 of 44 23 of 44 24 of 44 25 of 44 26 of 44 27 of 44 28 of 44 29 of 44 30 of 44 31 of 44 32 of 44 33 of 44 34 of 44 35 of 44 36 of 44 37 of 44 38 of 44 39 of 44 40 of 44 41 of 44 42 of 44 43 of 44 44 of 44 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 9835 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 274 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kXK2ck NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Help Make A Great 2017: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Written by Michael Larabel in Display Drivers on 10 February 2017. Page 1 of 4. 4 Comments With Mesa 17.0 due to be released any day now, here are fresh benchmarks of Mesa 17.0's Git code as of Friday compared to Mesa 12.0.6, Mesa 13.0.4, and the current Mesa 17.1-devel Git master code. Not only is the i965 OpenGL driver performance being examined but also the ANV Vulkan driver present since Mesa 12. For these Mesa 12.0 vs. 13.0 vs. 17.0 vs. 17.1-devel benchmarks an Intel Core i7 7700K "Kabylake" system with HD Graphics 630 were utilized. For those interested in Skylake benchmarks, I'll deliver those shortly in their own follow-up article and potentially Haswell/Broadwell if there is enough reader interest. The i7-7700K was equipped with 2 x 8GB DDR4-3200 Corsair memory, MSI Z270-A PRO motherboard, and a Samsung 950 PRO 256GB NVMe SSD. The latest Git branches of Mesa 12.0, 13.0.4, 17.0, and Git master (17.1-devel) were tested as of 10 February. The Linux 4.10 Git kernel was used on the system during testing and xf86-video-modesetting on X.Org Server 1.18.4 was the DDX used. This article is focusing upon the Vulkan and OpenGL performance improvements of the Intel open-source driver stack. For details on the new features, read The Big Changes, Improvements Of Mesa 17.0. Tweet Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - Vulkan BenchmarksPage 3 - Vulkan + OpenGL BenchmarksPage 4 - OpenGL Benchmarks Page: 1234Next Page 4 Comments Related Articles Mesa 13.0 vs. 17.0 Performance For RADV/RadeonSI: Big Gains For Vulkan, OpenGL Boosts The Big Changes, Improvements Of Mesa 17.0 Mesa 17.1-dev vs. AMDGPU-PRO 16.60 vs. NVIDIA 378 Linux Gaming Tests AMDGPU-PRO 16.60 Vulkan vs. Mesa 17.1-dev RADV Performance AMDGPU/RadeonSI Linux 4.10 + Mesa 17.1-dev vs. NVIDIA 378.09 Performance Trending Linux News The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Apple Proposing A New, Lower-Level Graphics API For The Web KDE Plasma Leaning Towards Focusing On Flatpak Over AppImage/Snaps Another Potential CPU Optimization For Mesa: Quadratic Probing Fwupd Updated With New Support, Developer Endorses Dell For Linux Latest Linux News Fedora 27 Scheduled To Be Released On Halloween Trying Nouveau NVC0 Gallium3D With Civilization 6 On Mesa 17.1 Intel Prepares For Mainline GVT-g Graphics Virtualization Support Radeon GPU Analyzer Open-Sourced: Analyze OpenGL / Vulkan / OpenCL Mesa RFC Changes To Help Worms WMD, Tropico 5 & Crookz Valve Planning To Carry Mesa GL Thread Feature On SteamOS, Per-Game Features AMDGPU DC/DAL Code Receives Atomic Improvements Munich Said To Be Moving Away From Linux/LiMux, Back To Microsoft Trying Intel Kabylake Graphics With Civilization VI On Ubuntu Linux The Future Of Android-x86 Is In Question Latest Featured Articles Mesa 17.0 Benchmarks With Intel: Noticeably Better Vulkan Performance Server/Workstation Tests: Antergos vs. Clear Linux vs. Fedora vs. Scientific Linux vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE RadeonSI Performance For Civilization VI On Linux With Mesa 17.1 + Linux 4.10 14-Way NVIDIA GPU Comparison With Civilization VI On Linux Mesa 13.0 vs. 17.0 Performance For RADV/RadeonSI: Big Gains For Vulkan, OpenGL Boosts Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Deals of the Day (2-06-2017) 02/06/2017 at 1:00 PM by Brad Linder Leave a Comment The Gigabyte Brix line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that are similar in size and shape to Intel’s NUC lineup. While Brix computers are often sold as barebones PC kits that require you to bring your own memory, storage, and operating system, right now Amazon and Newegg are both offering a pretty good deal on a full-fledged system. For $349, you can snag a Brix computer with a Core i3 Skylake CPU, 4GB of RAM, 1TB of storage, and Windows 10 software. Here are some of the day’s best deals. And don’t forget Amazon is running a sale on Fire tablets and Kindle eReaders through Saturday. Computers and phones Gigabite BRIX mini PC w/Core i3-6100U/4GB/1TB/Win10 for $349 – Amazon (or Newegg w/coupon: 02034D02) Intel NUC barebones mini PC w/Core i3-6100U for $235 – Amazon Microsoft Surface Book w/Core i5/8GB/128GB for $1299 and up – Microsoft Store Microsoft Surface Book w/Core i5/8GB/256GB/NVIDIA for $1649 – Microsoft Store Asus Zenfone 3 Deluxe wZS550KL) w/Snapdragon 625/4GB/64GB for $350 – Newegg (coupon: EMCRCRG29) Accessories VicTsing waterproof Bluetooth shower speaker for $15 – Amazon (coupon: 3OO2QN5I) Logitech M317c wireless mouse for $9 – Staples Sony MDR XB650BT on-ear Bluetooth headphones for $68 – Amazon LG PF1000U ultra short through FHD projector for $900 – Newegg (coupon: EMCRCRG23) USB wall chargers Aukey 6-port USB charging station with Quick Charge 3.0 for $24 – Amazon (coupon: AUKPAT11) Aukey 5-port USB charger for $13 – Amazon (coupon: AUKPAU33) Anker 39W Quick Charge 3.0 dual-port USB wall charger for $21 – Amazon (coupon: LY4FM6TX) Anker 18W Quick Charge 3.0 USB wall charger for $13 – Amazon (coupon: C2PATC59) Software Save over 50% on select H&R Block tax prep software – Amazon Save on TurboTax 2016 tax prep software – Amazon Save $5 on any eBook priced $5 or higher – Google Play Books (may not be available for everyone) You can find more bargains in our daily deals section. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Latest News BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 is a cheap, rugged Android phone Budget phone maker BLU's latest device is a $130 Android smartphone that has a … [Read More...] Reports: Xiaomi is working on its own line of smartphone chips, dubbed “Pinecone” Chinese phone maker Xiaomi also produces a whole bunch of other things, … [Read More...] GPD Pocket 7 inch laptop crowfunding campaign starts Feb 15th The GPD Pocket is a tiny laptop computer with a 7 inch full HD display, an Intel … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (2-10-2017) Sure, the biggest smartphone show of the year is coming up at the end of the … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement NEC LaVie Hybrid Zero notebook loses weight: now starts at 1.7 pounds 02/07/2017 at 10:35 AM by Brad Linder Leave a Comment Japanese electronics company NEC is updating its LaVie Hybrid Zero line of thin and light convertible notebooks. The new models pack Intel Kaby Lake processors and NEC will offer models with 11.6 inch and 13.3 inch displays. The lightest model weighs just 769 grams (about 1.7 pounds), despite featuring a 13.3 inch display. Much like Dell’s XPS 13 laptops, the LaVie Hybrid Zero HZ350 is smaller than most notebooks with similar-sized screens, thanks to slim bezels around the display and a webcam that’s placed below the screen rather than above it. But there’s another reason for its light weight: NEC says the laptop has a battery that should only provide up to 6.5 hours of run time on a charge. If you want more battery life, there are also slightly heavier HZ550 and HZ750 models that offer up to 10 hours of battery life. Each model is also compatible with an optional fast charging adapter. The 13.3 inch Hybrid Zero laptops feature convertible designs with 360-degree hinges that allow you to push the screen all the way back and hold the laptop like a tablet. But the company also has a new line of 11.6 inch LaVie Hybrid Zero 2-in-1 laptops with Kaby Lake chips and detachable keyboards. The NEC LaVie Hybrid Zero HZ300 series computers are also pretty compact, with a starting weight of 786 grams (1.73 pounds) when using both the keyboard and tablet together. The tablet alone weighs 398 grams (14 ounces). While NEC laptops are rarely sold in the United States, a few years ago NEC did partner with Lenovo to sell some models internationally under the Lenovo LaVie Z name. There’s no word on if or when these new models will be available outside of Japan.     Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Latest News BLU Tank Xtreme 5.0 is a cheap, rugged Android phone Budget phone maker BLU's latest device is a $130 Android smartphone that has a … [Read More...] Reports: Xiaomi is working on its own line of smartphone chips, dubbed “Pinecone” Chinese phone maker Xiaomi also produces a whole bunch of other things, … [Read More...] GPD Pocket 7 inch laptop crowfunding campaign starts Feb 15th The GPD Pocket is a tiny laptop computer with a 7 inch full HD display, an Intel … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (2-10-2017) Sure, the biggest smartphone show of the year is coming up at the end of the … [Read More...] Featured articles Intel Compute Card is a tiny PC for a modular world Intel envisions a world where you'll be able to buy a smart TV, smart … [Read More...] The Loving Project: a podcast celebrating 50th anniversary of Loving v Virginia In 1967 the Supreme Court struck down state laws banning interracial marriage. … [Read More...] Playing with Fire: Hacking Amazon’s $50 Fire tablet The Amazon Fire Tablet may not be one the best tablets money can buy, but more … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
