Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 5 Best Dividend Stocks in Virtual Reality Microsoft, Intel, IBM, NVIDIA, and Qualcomm are all putting serious resources into capturing a share of the burgeoning VR market -- and paying their investors while they do so. Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) May 28, 2017 at 4:46PM The virtual reality (VR) market is expected to be worth about $34 billion annually by 2022. Tech investors are understandably excited about this expanding opportunity, particularly as giants like Facebook and Alphabet make huge plays in the space. Those looking to benefit from this fast-growing market -- and receive a dividend at the same time -- should consider what Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), and International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM) are doing in virtual reality.  Image source: Getty Images. Microsoft Microsoft folds its augmented reality and virtual reality pursuits into one category that it calls "mixed reality." That can be a bit confusing when it comes to parsing the success of the separate formats, but just know that Microsoft is making very early moves into what could become a transformative play in the virtual space.  The company's HoloLens headset is its most outward-facing mixed reality play right now. The device allows its users to see holographic images overlaid into the real world, and developers are exploring a wide array of possibilities for the tech. It can give people new ways to view industrial equipment, could be used in the training of surgeons by overlaying real-world images with digital information, and may transform how we communicate with others through telepresence.  But one of the most important aspects of mixed reality that Microsoft investors should focus on are its efforts to use it as the foundation of a new computing platform. Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has suggested that virtual reality might be the next major tech platform, and the Windows-maker is treating it that way. As PC Magazine wrote back in April, "Microsoft is building a software and device ecosystem around the Windows Mixed Reality platform, formerly known as Windows Holographic." Microsoft is already partnering with device makers to launch a version of its mixed reality software, which runs a version of Windows 10, this year. On top of its aggressive mixed reality pursuit, Microsoft is also a solid dividend play for income investors. It is currently yielding 2.3%, with a 66% payout ratio, and a 13-year streak of dividend hikes behind it. NVIDIA Don't worry if you've overlooked NVIDIA as a dividend player in the past. The company only started paying one out back in 2012, and it's admittedly yielding far less than other companies in VR space; its current trailing 12-month yield is just 0.37%, with a payout ratio of 18.9%. Despite it not being the most lucrative dividend stock, investors should keep two things in mind about this company: First, it has massive potential in VR; and second, the stock appears to have a lot of room to grow. Gaming is one of the most important segments of VR, and NVIDIA's graphics processing units (GPUs) already dominate the discrete desktop GPU space -- which is key to gaming -- with a 70.5% market share. That means that when PC manufacturers are in need of high-end graphics processing power (which VR eats up by the bowl-full), they most often look to NVIDIA.  NVIDIA has been doing its own part to help the VR market expand by releasing a suite of APIs to assist developers in creating VR games and apps, and has even released its own VR game to show off the capabilities of its products. Additionally, NVIDIA is helping the PC market adapt by launching VR-ready graphics cards for notebooks, which helps expand the computing platforms that can fully handle VR beyond the realm of high-powered PCs.  Intel  Intel's bet on VR may be more muted than other tech players, but it isn't all that different than NVIDIA's in some regards. The chipmaker expects that more powerful (and expensive) processors will be needed to power PCs and VR headsets as this market expands, which it hopes will result in it selling more chips.  Intel is already marketing some of its chips for the VR market; for example, on its website, it says that its iCore 7 processor helps create "a great VR experience." To help show off its processors' capabilities, Intel is working its own VR headset, called Project Alloy, which has an Intel chip embedded in the device itself, allowing it to operate untethered from a computer. It's worth noting here that Alloy is expected to run a version of Microsoft's mixed reality software when it launches at the end of this year.  Intel is solid bet for both VR and income investors. Its shares currently yield 2.9%, and the company sports a payout ratio of about 45%. Qualcomm Like Intel, Qualcomm is jumping into the VR fray through its processors and a headset developer kit. The company is putting its Snapdragon 835 processor into the standalone headset, along with other chips for wireless connectivity and memory.  The device will ship by the second half of this year and can be used without having to be tethered to a computer. In fact, at Google's I/O conference earlier this month Qualcomm and Google announced that the chipmaker is working with Google to bring untethered Daydream VR headsets to market later this year, which will also be powered by the Snapdragon 835 processor. Aside from its growing VR opportunities, Qualcomm has an impressive dividend yield of 3.6%, and 14 consecutive years of dividend growth. IBM I know, I know -- IBM seemed like an unlikely VR play to me too -- at first. But it turns out that the company's Watson artificial intelligence platform has virtual reality applications as well. IBM recently partnered with game maker Ubisoft to incorporate speech recognition and cognitive capabilities from its Watson into the latest Star Trek virtual reality game. According to IBM, gamers will be able to speak commands in the game, and Watson will help the system parse what they're saying and respond appropriately in a way that games have never been able to do before. The company also recently launched a developer kit specifically designed to help content creators incorporate natural language processing into VR software. As IBM noted in a recent press release, "We are only just seeing the impact of virtual and augmented reality and IBM is committed to providing developers with the tools they need to innovate and be competitive in this AI and Cognitive era." IBM is just shy of Dividend Aristocrat status, having raised its payout every year for the past 22 years. Its current yield is a solid 3.7%, with a 46% payout ratio, which gives investors looking to profit from VR (and AI) a nice incentive to bet on IBM's prospects. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Chris Neiger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Facebook, Nvidia, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Neiger (TMFNewsie) Chris has covered Tech and Telecom companies for The Motley Fool since 2012. Follow him on Twitter for the latest tech stock coverage. Follow @tmfnewsie Article Info May 28, 2017 at 4:46PM Technology and Telecom Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $152.05 down $0.62 (-0.41%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $71.76 up $1.66 (2.37%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $143.64 down $0.72 (-0.50%) Read More NVIDIA's Self-Driving Car Technology Wins Over Toyota Motor Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today What NVIDIA Corporation's Volta Architecture Means for Gaming 5 Reasons You Should Own at Least 1 Artificial Intelligence Stock Why NVIDIA Corporation's Volta Gaming Products Won't Use HBM2 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 5 Best Dividend Stocks in Virtual Reality @themotleyfool #stocks $IBM, $QCOM, $MSFT, $INTC, $NVDA
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wolfe Research Lowers Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) to Market Perform Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Legg Mason Inc (LM) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Price Target Raised to $120.00 at Cowen and Company Ciena Co. (CIEN) Price Target Raised to $32.00 Express, Inc. (EXPR) Given New $10.00 Price Target at Wolfe Research Exane Derivatives Has $100,000 Stake in Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Shares Sold by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Shares Sold by Welch & Forbes LLC Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Shares Bought by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Pacific Premier Bancorp, Inc. (PPBI) Shares Bought by Russell Investments Group Ltd. First Bank & Trust Raises Stake in Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) U.S. Bancorp (USB) Position Reduced by Dowling & Yahnke LLC Dana Inc (DAN) Position Lowered by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Stake Increased by Lourd Capital LLC Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $4,629,000 Stake in Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Broadcom (AVGO) Sixt SE (SIX2) PT Set at €55.00 by Commerzbank Ag DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Short Interest Up 25.7% in May Guild Investment Management Inc. Invests $3.147 Million in Intel Co. (INTC) May 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Guild Investment Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor bought 87,250 shares of the chip maker’s stock, valued at approximately $3,147,000. Intel makes up 3.1% of Guild Investment Management Inc.’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in INTC. North American Management Corp raised its position in Intel by 4.7% in the first quarter. North American Management Corp now owns 173,885 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $6,272,000 after buying an additional 7,856 shares in the last quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. raised its position in Intel by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 12,607 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 51 shares in the last quarter. Prospera Financial Services Inc raised its position in Intel by 35.4% in the first quarter. Prospera Financial Services Inc now owns 74,741 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,698,000 after buying an additional 19,554 shares in the last quarter. Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. raised its position in Intel by 9.2% in the first quarter. Prentiss Smith & Co. Inc. now owns 19,159 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $691,000 after buying an additional 1,613 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Private Trust Co. NA raised its position in Intel by 2.6% in the first quarter. Private Trust Co. NA now owns 48,875 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $1,762,000 after buying an additional 1,221 shares in the last quarter. 65.90% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.26 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $36.10 and its 200 day moving average price is $36.00. The company has a market capitalization of $170.75 billion, a PE ratio of 15.70 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Co. has a 12 month low of $30.44 and a 12 month high of $38.45. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $14.80 billion. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.54 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Intel Co. will post $2.86 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be given a $0.2725 dividend. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.01%. This is a boost from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 3rd. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Guild Investment Management Inc. Invests $3.147 Million in Intel Co. (INTC)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/28/guild-investment-management-inc-invests-3-147-million-in-intel-co-intc.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Vetr downgraded shares of Intel from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.43 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, May 22nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Intel from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, May 16th. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Monday, May 15th. Sanford C. Bernstein restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $30.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and twenty-eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $40.33. In other Intel news, insider Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.28, for a total value of $1,070,151.16. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 318,654 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,560,767.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total value of $2,541,176.12. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 119,993 shares of company stock worth $4,276,027 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Monday, June 5, 2017 Home Advertising History Privacy Policy Terms of Use Photos The Clare Champion Clare news, sport, entertainment and local notes Home News Sports Lifestyle Regional Ennis Shannon West Clare South Clare East Clare North Clare South Galway Arts & Culture Motoring Obituaries Contact Us Order Premium Gallery Prints Order Photos Advertising History Home » News » Intel looking for mini scientist Intel looking for mini scientist Intel looking for mini scientist 81 Views Share tweet Related Articles Cratloe pupils’ prizewinning badger project February 12, 2017 Workforce changes expected at Shannon firms May 19, 2016 Intel Ireland has launched its 2017 Mini Scientist competition for primary schools. The competition is open to 4th, 5th and 6th class pupils from across Ireland. Taking part in the Intel Mini Scientist involves creating a science and technology project which can be based on the Primary Science Curriculum or any area, which is of interest to the participating pupils. Once the projects have been developed, schools host an exhibition where all of the projects can be showcased and for which Intel will provide judges and prizes for everyone taking part. A winning project from every school taking part then progresses to a regional final where pupils will have the chance to compete for a place at the National Grand Final. In 2016, almost 6,500 pupils from 15 different counties took part in Mini Scientist with 105 different schools involved. Share tweet Tags Intel Mini Scientist Primary Science Curriculum Intel Ireland has launched its 2017 Mini Scientist competition for primary schools. About Austin Hobbs Previous Ageism should be consigned to the past Next Hayes’s strike keeps Traynor title in Clare Check Also New Kilmaley NS extension SUNDAY last was a red letter day for the Kilmaley community, as Bishop Fintan Monahan … Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Advertisement Photo Sales Buy Your Digital Edition – Click Below Advertisement Join us on Facebook @clarechampion My Tweets Advertisement Latest News Clare back in Munster final after nine year waitJune 4, 2017 New Kilmaley NS extensionJune 4, 2017 Landmark ‘asylum seekers’ court decisionJune 4, 2017 Duke of Kent visits KilrushJune 3, 2017 Navigation Home Contact Us Terms of Use History Privacy Policy Categories Categories Select Category Arts    Art    Books    Dance    Drama    Film    Music    Review Arts & Culture Breaking News Farm Follow Live Info    About    Website Lifestyle Living    Charity    Events    Fashion    Feature    Fun    History    Issues Motoring News News    Business    Charity/Fundraiser    Comment    Crime    Digital Editions    Employment    Farming    Finance    General    General Election 2011    Health    Human Interest    Outside Clare    Planning    Politics    Tourism    Transport Obituaries Photos Regional    East Clare    Ennis    Gort    North Clare    North Clare    Shannon    South Clare    South Clare    South Galway    West Clare    West Clare Shelly Articles Sport    Athletics    Boxing    Camogie    Community Games    Gaelic Football    General    Golf    Greyhounds    Handball    Horse Racing    Hurling    Ladies Gaelic Football    Martial Arts    Motorsport    Rugby    Soccer    Water Sports Sports test cat World News Recent Posts Clare back in Munster final after nine year wait June 4, 2017 New Kilmaley NS extension June 4, 2017 Social Copyright © 2017 · All Rights Reserved · The Clare Champion
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices What to expect at Computex 2017 Engadget Richard Lai 5/27/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Why bottled water is one of the biggest scams of the century 10 iconic American companies owned by Chinese investors Full screen 1/3 SLIDES © Engadget 2/3 SLIDES © Engadget 3/3 SLIDES © Provided by Engadget 3/3 SLIDES We're pretty much half way through the year, which means it's Computex time. As usual, you'll find a handful of us running around the Taipei show floors next week, where we'll be getting our hands dirty with the latest PC products and components. Last year was relatively fruitful thanks to the VR explosion. Several PC brands rolled out high-end GPUs or affordable ones capable of running VR. Even Intel surprised its hardcore users with its first-ever 10-core desktop CPU. ASUS topped it all off with Zenbo -- an adorable $600 home robot that went on sale in Taiwan earlier this year. Popular Searches General Motors Co GM ▲ 34.45 +0.02 +0.06% Apple Inc AAPL ▲ 155.45 +2.27 +1.48% General Electric Co GE ▲ 27.88 +0.16 +0.58% Herbalife Ltd HLF ▼ 73.92 -0.19 -0.26% This year, however, is bound to be a quieter one. For one, Microsoft already stole some of Computex's thunder with its own events earlier this month, so we're not expecting anything major from it next week. Intriguingly, HTC Vive has no official presence at Computex this year, which means less VR love for us. Still, based on recent leaks and launches, we've got at least a rough idea of what to expect. There's no doubt that we'll still be seeing new PCs from the likes of ASUS, MSI, Dell, Acer and more at Computex. In fact, Acer simply went ahead and announced its new laptops and tablet earlier this week, which is certainly one way to beat the competition. Since Intel's high-performance 7th gen Core chips are relatively fresh, chances are most of the new mainstream and high-end machines being unveiled next week will still be based on those. The same is true with GPUs, especially with the GTX 1050 Ti featured on the Acer Nitro 5 being pitched as a "premium" entry-level choice for discrete laptop graphics. We'll probably also see some entry-level devices running Windows 10 S. Some were already announced at Build, but this should be our first chance to get serious hands-on time with a few. As for mobile, it's really up to ASUS. It's unclear whether we can expect new ZenFones or a new ZenWatch. Though, if you recall, the depth-sensing ZenFone AR announced back at CES has yet to hit the market, so maybe we'll finally get an update about it on Monday? On a related note: Qualcomm will be doing its own thing outside of Computex this time. And sadly, it doesn't seem like we'll be hearing any announcements. After all, Qualcomm probably needs to save some surprises for MWC Shanghai next month. On the CPU side, there were rumors of an Intel "Core i9" a couple of weeks ago, followed by some new specs popping up in the SiSoft Sandra database. This is likely another 10-core CPU following last year's Core i7 Extreme Edition. But Intel's not alone. AMD will also be hosting a press conference, which will likely shed more light on its upcoming 16-core Threadripper CPU due this summer. And who knows, maybe we'll get some new GPUs too? If you're looking for something that's more suitable for the masses don't worry. Intel will probably tease, if not announce, its 8th generation Core chip (Coffee Lake) that's due in the second half of this year. We're hoping the same goes for NVIDIA's event on the same day: less on supercomputers and more on consumer GPUs. Load Error Alright, let's talk robots for bit. It's been a year since the ASUS Zenbo debuted, and so far it's only been available in Taiwan in very limited quantities. There's hope the company will be announcing new markets or at least a larger local rollout for the home robot. Failing that, ASUS is still expected to share some updates and interesting use cases for its home products. And hey, some new accessories for Zenbo would be fun, too. It also wouldn't be a surprise if ASUS wants in on the home assistant market -- just imagine a Zenbo, but much smaller and with no wheels or face. None of these nuggets will distract us from HTC's glaring absence this year at Computex. Then again, there's no stopping other exhibitors from bringing their own VR wares. And ZOTAC is hosting the world's first VR eSports tournament -- featuring ZOTAC's VR GO backpack PC and HTC Vive -- at Computex on June 3rd. That will no doubt get a lot of attention since it'll be open to the public (This editor has already rescheduled his return flight just check it out). We'll also be keeping an eye out for the funkiest PC mods on the show floor, and we may even swing by G.SKILL's overclocking tournament to see what it's all about. Be sure to keep up with our Computex coverage throughout the week. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Engadget Snap's camera-equipped Spectacles arrive in Europe Engadget Apple users' $100 billion splurge Engadget Qualcomm's Quick Charge 4+ is both faster and cooler Engadget Engadget View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News tech Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Microsoft New Surface Pro keeps best of Pro 4, improves where it counts: hands-on review By Brooke Crothers Published May 26, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print (An image taken of the new Microsoft Surface Pro with keyboard at a Los Angeles Microsoft store. Credit: Brooke Crothers) With the new Surface Pro, Microsoft made a good thing better. At the top, let's point out that it isn’t called the Surface Pro 5 -- it’s just the “new Surface Pro.” And while it looks like the Surface Pro 4, I spent some hands-on time with new device at a Microsoft Store in Los Angeles and it's very different. The most salient change is inside. The new Surface Pro packs Intel’s latest 7th Gen Core processors, besting the 6th Gen Core processors in the Surface Pro 4. Intel’s newest chips deliver better performance – particularly when handling video – and longer battery life. Generally, every new generation of Intel processors boast a host of improvements (albeit, often small improvements) that software developers don’t always take advantage of right away. So some performance improvements are seen later rather than sooner. MICROSOFT ANNOUNCES XBOX GAME PASS STARTING JUNE 1 Microsoft says the new Surface Pro delivers “50% more battery life and 50% more performance than Surface Pro 4,” according to Microsoft's description of the features. The new Surface Pro with Windows 10 Pro, 4GB of RAM, 128GB of storage, and an Intel Core m3 processor is $799. With 8GB of RAM, 256GB of storage, and a Core i5 chip, it’s $1,299. The Surface Pro Signature Type Cover keyboard/cover is sold separately for $159.99. Keyboard still key The new Surface Pro Type Cover keyboard is still sold separately. I’ve always thought it peculiar that Microsoft doesn’t sell the Surface Pro standard with the detachable keyboard because it’s such an integral part of the device: pull out the Pro’s kickstand and the keyboard turns the Surface tablet into a laptop (after all, the Surface Pro by itself is merely a tablet). And close the keyboard on top of the display and it serves as a protective shield. The new Surface model comes with Alcantara keyboards in different colors: platinum, cobalt blue and burgundy. Alcantara is the material surrounding the keys and the trackpad. It's a soft, suede-like material typically found on luxury cars. It shows up on steering wheels and door panels, among other things. MICROSOFT SCRAMBLES TO FIX WORST WINDOWS ISSUE IN 'RECENT MEMORY' To me, the Alcantara keyboards look like carpeting, which is not a compliment. It's also susceptible to stains, though Microsoft says it’s a “durable, stain-resistant material… designed to last and easily wipe clean.” But it’s still an amazing keyboard to type on -- in fact, it's one of the best keyboards on any laptop today. It's easy on the fingers. But wait, there's more The new Surface Pro has a new hinge that allows you to place the Surface Pro in so-called “Studio Mode” -- almost perfectly flat.  There are additional features, including a new stylus. Sold separately for $99, it has tilt support, 4,096 levels of pressure sensitivity and requires much less activation force than previous pens.  There is a built-in option for 4G/LTE, coming later this year, which marks a first for the Surface Pro. This is a great option to have and more Windows laptops should offer this. Final thoughts I owned the very first Surface Pro in 2013 and have owned a succession of Surface Pros after that. There’s a reason it’s a popular convertible device: it’s incredibly easy to switch between tablet and laptop mode and Microsoft probably does a better job than anyone at striking a good balance between those two modes. The rated 13.5 hours of battery life will please Surface fans and that alone might be a reason to upgrade (with the better performance, to boot). And you won't lose battery life by opening and closing the device (via the keyboard), a problem on previous iterations of the Surface Pro.  The new Surface Pro is available June 15.     Advertisement Trending in Tech Tech Q&A: Card skimmers, government internet credits, watching kids' phones and more SpaceX launches 1st recycled supply ship London attack: Facebook activates safety check feature 5 ways to test your computer's security Toyota Motor Corp. to make "flying car" Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Call 01 862 1611 9 °C Dublin Home News Northside East Southside Northside West Digital Editions Entertainment Gallery Noticeboard Poll Place Ad Classifieds Advertise Digital Advertising Online Directory Contact Us Southside Kilmacud Crokes GAA Club scores major funding boost Saturday, 27th May, 2017 7:00pm Seán Usher is pictured as Intel celebrates the success of its 2016 Matching Grant programme. Seán Usher is pictured as Intel celebrates the success of its 2016 Matching Grant programme.View More Images ICONIC Stillorgan GAA Club, Kilmacud Crokes, has scored a major funding boost thanks to the hard-working staff of Intel. The tech giant recently celebrated the success of its 2016 Matching Grant initiative that rewarded 124 community organisations and schools from across Ireland with a total of €502,378. Some 31 organisations from the Dublin area were part of the scheme and will receive funding of more than €130,000. The Intel Involved Matching Grant Programme encourages employees to engage in outreach and volunteerism in their communities by giving their time and talent to qualified non–profit organisations and schools. For every hour that is volunteered by an Intel employee at a school or qualified non–profit organisation, a donation or “match” of $10 (US) is paid from the Intel Foundation. In 2016 Intel employees volunteered just over 54,000 hours that were eligible to be matched through this initiative, resulting in a pay out of €502,378 ($547,215) for 124 recipient organisations spread across 20 different counties in Ireland. Employees were recognised for these efforts at a special event held at the Intel campus in Leixlip which was attended by the Mayor of Kildare Ivan Keatley along with representatives from each of the recipient organisations. Among the 124 organisations that were part of the Matching Grant initiative were charities such as Irish Dogs for the Disabled, the Parkinson’s Association of Ireland and the Society of the Vincent De Paul. A variety of sporting clubs including the Kilmacud Crokes were also in the running for a funding boost. It has been a busy few weeks for the Southside club with recent wins including that of the Intermediate Footballers who beat Round Towers Lusk in their Championship game. It’s also coming up to that time of the year when the club hosts the much-loved Mini All-Ireland tournaments in the month of June. Online entry is now open and available on the club’s website at www.KilmacudCrokes.com. Numbers participating at some age groups will be capped and entries will be accepted on a first come/first served basis. Meanwhile, the Kilmacud Crokes Ladies Football Quiz Night will take place on Friday, May 26 at 8pm in the club house. The quiz will be followed by a few drinks and a bit of music and craic among friends. Teams of four to five adults (over 16 years of age) are €10 a head to attend. There will also be a raffle of superb prizes on the night.     Read 649 Email Print Related Articles 26 May 2017Local councillor welcomes works on Stillorgan’s gritty laneways 25 May 2017GAA club tunes up for big fundraiser 21 May 2017New sports facility to be shared by clubs Latest Gallery Out & About Northside Read the digital editions of the Dublin People Northside East, Northside West & Southside here Previous Story Guide dogs exhibition opens at the airport 27 May 2017A SPECIAL photographic exhibition has opened at Dublin Airport celebrating 40 years of Irish Guide Dogs for the Blind. Next Story Local kids lead the march against chewing gum litter 28 May 2017THE cathaoirleach of Dún Laoghaire Rathdown County Council, Cllr Cormac Devlin, led a procession of kids from local schools through the town last week as they launched the 2017 Gum Litter Taskforce (GLT)... Tweets by @dublinpeople Monday June 5th04:38 AM Dublin 9°C Mostly sunny Real Feel 5°C 15 km/h - SSW Cookies on Dublin People website We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. We also use cookies to ensure we show you advertising that is relevant to you. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on the Dublin People website. However, if you would like to, you can change your cookie settings at any time by amending your browser settings. How does Dublin People use cookies? Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience. We don�t sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies). Hide Message Menu Home News Gallery Noticeboard ePaper Place Ad Classified Advertise Competition About Us Contact Us
Just In 41mins One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 1hr Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Army pays tribute to jawans killed in convoy attack in J&K Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Share On JUST IN 41mins One jawan killed in Maoist ambush near Kandhamal 1hr Fidayeen attack foiled in Bandipora; 4 militants killed Top 10 stories of June 4, 2017 Trump believes climate is changing, says Nikki Haley NIA continues terror-fund searches in J&K CBSE asks private schools for data on fee structure to curb overcharging China copter in Indian skies? Vicky Kaushal to star opposite Alia in Meghna Gulzar’s next ‘Time to change counterterror strategy’, says British PM Theresa May, following London Bridge Attack Govt starts GST awareness drive for consumers Seven die in terror attack in London; three assailants shot dead There is political confusion in Tamil Nadu, says Rahul Gandhi UK parties suspend election campaign after terror attack Army pays tribute to jawans killed in convoy attack in J&K Witnesses share horrific tales of attack in central London CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Chennai Silks fire: The story till now Business Business AI acquisitions accelerate as technology giants seek to build smart start-ups Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Tech hunt: Firms are locked in a bidding war for academics specialising in artificial intelligence.   Reuters SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 2017 21:03 IST Updated: May 27, 2017 21:03 IST more-in Alphabet’s Google has led the pack, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel A total of 34 artificial intelligence start-ups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, research firm CB Insights said. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc.’s Google has acquired 11 AI start-ups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., and Intel Corp., respectively. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a start-up that specializes in working with unstructured data. Ford Motor The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co. invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc. Start-ups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and start-up communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps, said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare start-up Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors recommendations. For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies, said Forward CEO Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate. AI companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, CEO of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the firm in 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc. and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” he said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. A company with a specialised mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,” Mr. Gundotra said. More In Industry Business computing and information technology merger, acquisition and takeover Related Articles << Previous Story BMW, Audi cut car prices ahead of GST roll out Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Printable version | Jun 5, 2017 9:08:02 AM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/ai-acquisitions-accelerate-as-technology-giants-seek-to-build-smart-start-ups/article18591034.ece © The Hindu Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Some are bullish on the healthy global economic outlook Reuters Top Picks in The Hindu today Visakhapatnam is sitting on a pollution bomb RTI unearths a hidden wedding Women to get combat role in Army What to expect at Apple’s 2017 developers' conference Faster, higher, smoother Google doodles Nutan’s expressions Google to pay $200,000 in hunt for Android bugs Four jawans scale Everest without oxygen support Fishermen try new nets for healthier oceans Radiohead revive old song ‘I Promise’, augur 3-track LP OKNOTOK Close X Next Story >> Odisha’s biggest integrated steel plant commissioned CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
accept no compromises Register | Login FilesNewsUsersAuthors Home Files News Services About Contact Add New HP Security Bulletin HPESBHF03754 1 HP Security Bulletin HPESBHF03754 1 Posted May 27, 2017 Authored by HP | Site hp.com HP Security Bulletin HPESBHF03754 1 - A potential security vulnerability has been identified in HPE ML10 Gen 9 Server using Intel Xeon E3-1200 v5 Processor. The vulnerability could be remotely exploited to allow access restriction bypass. **Note:** On May 1st, 2017, Intel disclosed a new vulnerability with their Intel Manageability Firmware which is utilized on some systems containing Intel processors. This vulnerability allows an unprivileged network or local attacker to gain control of the remote manageability features of Intel Active Management Technology (AMT), Intel Standard Manageability (ISM), and Intel Small Business Technology (SBT) platforms. Do not attempt to upgrade the ME FW without following the instructions detailed in the Resolution section. Refer to the "Platform Specific Information" section in the Resolution for more specific information on upgrades for specific ProLiant servers. Revision 1 of this advisory. tags | advisory, remote, local advisories | CVE-2017-5689 MD5 | a1c06eb8d761ed73f80c9427b1fb43e4 Download | Favorite | Comments (0) Related Files Share This LinkedIn Reddit Digg StumbleUpon HP Security Bulletin HPESBHF03754 1 Change Mirror Download -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Hash: SHA256 Note: the current version of the following document is available here: https://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/doc/public/display?docId=emr_na-hpesbhf03754en_us SUPPORT COMMUNICATION - SECURITY BULLETIN Document ID: hpesbhf03754en_us Version: 1 HPESBHF03754 rev.1 -  HPE ML10 Gen 9 Server using Intel Xeon E3-1200 v5 Processor, Remote Access Restriction Bypass NOTICE: The information in this Security Bulletin should be acted upon as soon as possible. Release Date: 2017-05-26 Last Updated: 2017-05-26 Potential Security Impact: Remote: Access Restriction Bypass Source: Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Product Security Response Team VULNERABILITY SUMMARY A potential security vulnerability has been identified in HPE ML10 Gen 9 Server using Intel Xeon E3-1200 v5 Processor. The vulnerability could be remotely exploited to allow access restriction bypass. **Note:** On May 1st, 2017, Intel disclosed a new vulnerability with their Intel Manageability Firmware which is utilized on some systems containing Intel processors. This vulnerability allows an unprivileged network or local attacker to gain control of the remote manageability features of Intel Active Management Technology (AMT), Intel Standard Manageability (ISM), and Intel Small Business Technology (SBT) platforms.  Do not attempt to upgrade the ME FW without following the instructions detailed in the Resolution section. Refer to the "Platform Specific Information" section in the Resolution for more specific information on upgrades for specific ProLiant servers. References:   - CVE-2017-5689 SUPPORTED SOFTWARE VERSIONS*: ONLY impacted versions are listed.   - HPE ProLiant ML10 Gen9 E3-1225 v5 3.3GHz 4-core 8GB-R 1TB Non-hot Plug 4LFF SATA 300W AP Svr/Promo Gen9   - HPE ProLiant ML10 Gen9 E3-1225 v5 4GB-R 1TB Non-hot Plug 4LFF SATA 300W Svr/S-Buy Gen9   - HPE ProLiant ML10 Gen9 E3-1225 v5 8GB-R 1TB Non-hot Plug 4LFF SATA 300W Perf Svr Gen9   - HPE ProLiant ML10 Gen9 E3-1225 v5 8GB-R 2TB Non-hot Plug 4LFF SATA 300W Svr/GO Gen9   - HPE ProLiant ML10 Gen9 E3-1225 v5 8GB-R 2TB Non-hot Plug 4LFF SATA 300W Svr/TV Gen9 BACKGROUND   CVSS Base Metrics   =================   Reference, CVSS V3 Score/Vector, CVSS V2 Score/Vector     CVE-2017-5689       8.1 CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H       6.2 (AV:L/AC:H/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C)     Information on CVSS is documented in     HPE Customer Notice HPSN-2008-002 here: https://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/doc/public/display?docId=emr_na-c01345499 RESOLUTION HPE has provided the following resolution for this issue:   **Note:** Only the ProLiant Gen9 server detailed in the impacted product information above can be upgraded using the procedure described in this document. Before beginning the upgrade process, the server must have Intel Xeon E3-1200 v5 processors installed. See below for further instructions.  Upgrade to the latest System ROM available for the platform prior to upgrading the ME is required. System ROM will need 1.06 version or later to support this ME firmware.   The system ROM toolkit and firmware image can be found at:  * BIOS 1.06 (Windows) <http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/swd/public/detail?sp4ts.oid=1008772176&swIte Id=MTX_0a1076f4bf0444a090b09eeb62&swEnvOid=4168#tab1>  * BIOS 1.06 (Linux 6) <http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/swd/public/detail?sp4ts.oid=1008772176&swIte Id=MTX_14bacf35f0844bb696ef65799b&swEnvOid=4103>   * BIOS 1.06 (Linux 7) <http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/swd/public/detail?sp4ts.oid=1008772176&swIte Id=MTX_14bacf35f0844bb696ef65799b&swEnvOid=4176> The ME toolkit and firmware image can be found at:  * ME 11.6.27.3264 (Windows) <http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/swd/public/detail?sp4ts.oid=1008772176&swIte Id=MTX_359491d72fe04c0f9461fd657d&swEnvOid=4168> * ME 11.6.27.3264 (UEFI) <http://h20564.www2.hpe.com/hpsc/swd/public/detail?sp4ts.oid=1008772176&swIte Id=MTX_67a275408a9b45aba72ad7cbc1&swEnvOid=4168> HISTORY Version:1 (rev.1) - 26 May 2017 Initial release Third Party Security Patches: Third party security patches that are to be installed on systems running Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) software products should be applied in accordance with the customer's patch management policy. Support: For issues about implementing the recommendations of this Security Bulletin, contact normal HPE Services support channel. For other issues about the content of this Security Bulletin, send e-mail to security-alert@hpe.com. Report: To report a potential security vulnerability for any HPE supported product:   Web form: https://www.hpe.com/info/report-security-vulnerability   Email: security-alert@hpe.com Subscribe: To initiate a subscription to receive future HPE Security Bulletin alerts via Email: http://www.hpe.com/support/Subscriber_Choice Security Bulletin Archive: A list of recently released Security Bulletins is available here: http://www.hpe.com/support/Security_Bulletin_Archive Software Product Category: The Software Product Category is represented in the title by the two characters following HPSB. 3C = 3COM 3P = 3rd Party Software GN = HPE General Software HF = HPE Hardware and Firmware MU = Multi-Platform Software NS = NonStop Servers OV = OpenVMS PV = ProCurve ST = Storage Software UX = HP-UX Copyright 2016 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. The information provided is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. To the extent permitted by law, neither HP or its affiliates, subcontractors or suppliers will be liable for incidental,special or consequential damages including downtime cost; lost profits; damages relating to the procurement of substitute products or services; or damages for loss of data, or software restoration. The information in this document is subject to change without notice. Hewlett Packard Enterprise and the names of Hewlett Packard Enterprise products referenced herein are trademarks of Hewlett Packard Enterprise in the United States and other countries. Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners. -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: GnuPG v1 iQEcBAEBCAAGBQJZKGjXAAoJELXhAxt7SZaiu3AH/2a97Qx1mBghXloDAR4pCdWE qiQUvMYft5zk2UmRgQpg5jOjDMSBQFTPtPvV9vBYxhj0Or49wAyTDcw1JeG8I8hI Bs9XDJXOQXvhTjdJakpG/+PIPsoMwJhNoH9H4/rWn0iUJb3wjTDEoHboNfSRZh0j mRlEpDmc12sDSlalJ3LymcXt/Zn/62t1VErmQp3QSdlCjsSxttoUvVzz6u2plKQ0 tJqa8m76wP2fzmIcEpr4DqHkSmAqAyAQEPiVjmdDYYaIN1pi1GKkcIu4WbI7x2xY Tjy4CXRHSy357ePv3zqwMYfl4nbQe+1Fk4zSNf1i18LQ9kLWp6mSPqLMV7kOnko= =DPhQ -----END PGP SIGNATURE----- Comments Subscribe to this comment feed No comments yet, be the first! Login or Register to post a comment Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe to an RSS Feed File Archive: June 2017 < Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 1 Jun 1st 17 Files 2 Jun 2nd 6 Files 3 Jun 3rd 0 Files 4 Jun 4th 0 Files 5 Jun 5th 0 Files 6 Jun 6th 0 Files 7 Jun 7th 0 Files 8 Jun 8th 0 Files 9 Jun 9th 0 Files 10 Jun 10th 0 Files 11 Jun 11th 0 Files 12 Jun 12th 0 Files 13 Jun 13th 0 Files 14 Jun 14th 0 Files 15 Jun 15th 0 Files 16 Jun 16th 0 Files 17 Jun 17th 0 Files 18 Jun 18th 0 Files 19 Jun 19th 0 Files 20 Jun 20th 0 Files 21 Jun 21st 0 Files 22 Jun 22nd 0 Files 23 Jun 23rd 0 Files 24 Jun 24th 0 Files 25 Jun 25th 0 Files 26 Jun 26th 0 Files 27 Jun 27th 0 Files 28 Jun 28th 0 Files 29 Jun 29th 0 Files 30 Jun 30th 0 Files Top Authors In Last 30 Days Google Security Research 52 files Red Hat 51 files Ubuntu 44 files lokihardt 16 files Gentoo 15 files Debian 14 files ianbeer 9 files HP 9 files DefenseCode 9 files Neven Biruski 8 files File Tags ActiveX (923) Advisory (65,952) Arbitrary (12,248) BBS (2,859) Bypass (957) CGI (943) Code Execution (4,526) Conference (585) Cracker (746) CSRF (2,724) DoS (18,013) Encryption (2,217) Exploit (38,675) File Inclusion (3,824) File Upload (722) Firewall (806) Info Disclosure (1,933) Intrusion Detection (729) Java (2,044) JavaScript (627) Kernel (4,195) Local (12,484) Magazine (546) Overflow (10,018) Perl (1,334) PHP (4,586) Proof of Concept (1,905) Protocol (2,530) Python (1,025) Remote (24,505) Root (2,949) Scanner (1,482) Security Tool (6,686) Shell (2,517) Shellcode (946) Sniffer (824) Spoof (1,863) SQL Injection (14,079) TCP (2,142) Trojan (551) UDP (808) Virus (606) Vulnerability (25,992) Web (7,192) Whitepaper (3,280) x86 (753) XSS (15,027) Other File Archives June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 Older Systems AIX (406) Apple (1,447) BSD (324) Cisco (1,775) Debian (5,277) Fedora (1,672) FreeBSD (1,178) Gentoo (3,368) HPUX (859) iOS (145) iPhone (103) IRIX (219) Juniper (66) Linux (31,540) Mac OS X (640) Mandriva (3,105) NetBSD (251) OpenBSD (452) RedHat (5,758) Slackware (764) Solaris (1,562) SUSE (1,442) Ubuntu (5,106) UNIX (8,089) UnixWare (169) Windows (5,106) Other © 2016 Packet Storm. All rights reserved. Site Links News by Month News Tags Files by Month File Tags File Directory About Us History & Purpose Contact Information Terms of Service Privacy Statement Copyright Information Services Security Services Hosting By Rokasec Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Facebook Subscribe to an RSS Feed
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Intel Corporation's Upcoming Low-Cost Chip Looks Great Details of Intel's next-generation low-cost Atom-based PC chips just leaked, and it looks like the company has put together something nice. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) May 27, 2017 at 10:15AM For a while, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) didn't take the low end of the personal-computer market all that seriously. For years, it offered products for this market in the form of either badly cut-down versions of its Core processor family, or aging Atom processors that simply delivered subpar computing experiences. However, 2013 marked an inflection point for the company's efforts in this space, with the launch of its redesigned Atom-based platforms for low-cost personal computers, known as Bay Trail. Bay Trail delivered a substantial improvement in performance, power consumption, and features relative to the older Atom products. Image source: Intel. The Bay Trail-based chips were also much more power-efficient and cost-effective than the highly cut-down Core-based chips for low-cost notebooks, which enabled more attractive form factors as well as cost reductions. Since the launch of the Bay Trail-based low-cost personal computer parts in 2013, Intel has regularly launched new products for this market, pushing up performance, features, efficiency, and integration. Thanks to a new leak from FanlessTech on social media (via AnandTech Forums), we now have details about the company's next-generation low-cost personal computer platform, code-named Gemini Lake. A better Apollo Lake Intel's latest low-cost personal-computer processor platform is called Apollo Lake. It is manufactured on the company's 14nm technology and utilizes the company's latest Atom processor core (code-named Goldmont) as well as the same graphics, media, and display subsystem found in the company's higher-end sixth-generation Core processor family (though scaled down to fit the power and cost constraints of a platform intended for low-cost computers). Per FanlessTech, Gemini Lake will use the same Gen9 graphics engine used in Apollo Lake, but it will have support for HDMI 2.0 output (Apollo Lake appears to only support the older HDMI 1.4 standard). More interestingly, FanlessTech says that it will include what Intel calls a "Goldmont Plus" CPU core (Apollo Lake has vanilla Goldmont cores), much more level 2 cache memory (four megabytes, twice what Apollo Lake has), and integrated Wi-Fi and Bluetooth connectivity (Apollo Lake has no wireless connectivity integrated). In other words, it looks like Intel is planning a rather meaningful improvement to its low-cost personal-computer products. Business implications Intel's customers -- that is, the personal-computer makers -- want to be able to refresh their product lines each year, so it's important that Intel be ready with new processors to power those new systems. Beyond its customers' desire to refresh their products, Intel generally benefits when it integrates more features and functionality into its chips. Indeed, if FanlessTech is correct that Gemini Lake integrates Wi-Fi and Bluetooth, then this means two things. Firstly, system vendors building computers around the Gemini Lake platform will no longer need to buy separate Wi-Fi/Bluetooth chips. This means fewer components to buy and integrate for the system vendors, leading to lower costs and potential form-factor improvements. Secondly, since Intel is offering a feature of value to its customers, it may be able to boost its asking prices for the chips. In the Wi-Fi/Bluetooth chip example, if the chip previously cost a system vendor $5, then Intel might raise its chip price by, say, $2.50. That price increase would mean revenue and profit increases for Intel, while at the same time saving its customers money -- a "win-win" proposition for all involved. And, finally, with Microsoft more aggressively pushing Windows on the ARM architecture, Intel rival Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) has been rather vocal about trying to push its ARM-based Snapdragon chips into thin-and-light notebook computers. "We have an opportunity to disrupt the existing suppliers of the PC and the data center," Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf said on an April investor call. "Our Snapdragon 835 is expanding into mobile PC designs running Windows 10, which are scheduled to launch in the fourth calendar quarter of this year." One of Qualcomm's key advantages is that its chips integrate connectivity technology with the applications processor. The more such technologies that Intel can integrate into its future chips, the better prepared it will be to defend itself against Qualcomm (and other potential ARM-based chip vendors) in the notebook personal-computer market. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors; LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info May 27, 2017 at 10:15AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $58.58 down $0.04 (-0.07%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.32 up $0.20 (0.55%) Read More Intel Corporation Announces 2018 Server Chip Plans How Intel Corporation's Core i9-7980XE Can Succeed Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Intel Corporation's Upcoming Low-Cost Chip Looks Great @themotleyfool #stocks $QCOM, $INTC
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Family fight: Microsoft’s Surface Pro… Family fight: Microsoft’s Surface Pro battles the Microsoft Surface Laptop By Mark Coppock — Updated May 27, 2017 8:49 am Subscribe Share Alexander Kalogianni/Digital Trends Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Microsoft just released the new Surface Pro, a minor but nifty revision of the popular Surface Pro 4. The Surface Pro joins the new Surface Laptop as the youngest member of the Microsoft Surface family, and in some ways, these two machines are as similar as they are different. As a Windows 10 2-in-1, the Surface Pro — which officially drops Microsoft’s numbering scheme — aims to provide additional flexibility, whereas the Surface Laptop wants to be the ultimate notebook for traditionalists. Inside, the Surface Pro and Surface Laptop bear a striking resemblance to one another, especially given both have adopted new color schemes and matching accessories. They’re also similarly equipped in the hardware department, when it comes to processing power, RAM, and storage. It’s as if Microsoft engineered two different species from the same genetic material. But which machine is right for you? Below, we pitted the two directly against one another in an effort to suss out the details. Specifications by-the-numbers Surface Laptop Surface Pro (2017) Dimensions 12.13 x 8.79 x .57 (in) 11.50 x 7.9 x 0.33 (in) Weight 2.76 pounds 1.69 – 1.73 pounds Processor 7th-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 7th-generation Intel Core m3, i5, or i7 RAM 4G, 8GB, or 16GB 4GB, 8GB, or 16GB Display 13.5-inch PixelSense display 12.3-in PixelSense display Resolution 2,256 × 1,504 2,736 x 1,824 Storage 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, 1TB SSD 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, 1TB SSD Networking 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4.2, optional LTE Ports USB Type-A 3.0, mini-DisplayPort, Surface Connect port, 3.5mm headset USB Type-A, mini-DisplayPort, Surface Connect Port, 3.5mm headset jack, microSDXC card reader Webcam 720p HD with infrared camera for Windows Hello support 5.0MP 1080p front-facing camera with infrared camera for Windows Hello support, 8.0MP 1080p rear-facing autofocus camera Operating System Windows 10 S, upgradeable to Windows 10 Pro Windows 10 Battery Up to 14.5 hours Up to 13.5 hours Price $999+ $799+ Availability Available June 15 Available June 15 Review Hands-on Hands-on Similar designs, different materials Microsoft has done a masterful job in creating a design aesthetic for the Surface line that maintains the brand’s identity but isn’t simply cookie cutter. The Surface Pro and Surface Laptop are obviously of the same family, but each looks and feels like it should for the kind of machine it is. They’re both solidly build with the usual Surface quality and attention to detail, and they both incorporate a splash of color with Alcantara fabric surrounding the keyboard. Of course, they’re also completely different machines. The Surface Laptop is — as the name implies — a traditional clamshell notebook without any kind of convertibility. The Surface Pro, on the other hand, is a tablet that turns into a notebook-style machine when the Type Cover keyboard is snapped on. In fact, Microsoft stopped calling the Surface Pro a “tablet that can replace your notebook” and just refers to it generically as a “laptop.” Tricky. In terms of specifics, the Surface Laptop is machined from a chunk of aluminum, eschewing the magnesium alloy used on other Surface devices. It’s very thin for a notebook at 0.57 inches, and light at 2.76 pounds, making it thinner and lighter than Apple’s MacBook Pro 13. The Surface Laptop is a wedge design, meaning that it tapers from its thickest point at the rear down to very thin at the front, which results in a more comfortable typing angle. It also incorporates the aforementioned Alcantara fabric on the keyboard deck that comes in four colors — platinum, burgundy, cobalt blue, and graphite gold — and the optional Surface Pen comes in the same color scheme. Notably, the Surface Laptop carries the same color scheme throughout its chassis and is, therefore, a very colorful machine as well. The Surface Pro is made from the company’s usual magnesium alloy, and it’s very similar to the previous generations, only with slightly rounded edges. It’s a touch thinner and lighter, at 0.33 inches and a maximum of 1.73 pounds, but not by much, demonstrating that Microsoft found a comfortable mix of design and materials and then stuck with it. Attach the new keyboard and the combination weighs in at 2.41 pounds, which is similar to the Surface Laptop when fully assembled. Speaking of, the new Signature Type Covers are slightly improved over the previous models and are covered in Alcantara fabric in platinum, burgundy, cobalt blue, or black. The Surface Pen can be color matched as well, but isn’t included with the tablet — or rather, laptop — this time around. The Surface Pro itself is the same magnesium silver as past Surface devices, and thus features a more muted design overall. It’s hard to pick a winner between these two machines. They’re both similarly thin and light when all of the required accessories are taken into account, and they’re both well-built and very attractive machines. You can’t even fault one over the other in terms of notebook versus 2-in-1 because either form factor can be right or wrong depending on a given user’s requirements. Winner: Tie Great display vs. even better display If there’s one thing Microsoft got right with the Surface line, it’s its choice in displays. First, it switched to the 3:2 aspect ratio with the Surface Pro 3, which is taller than the common 16:9 widescreen ratio and better for productivity. There’s some letterboxing when watching video, but you get to see more of your documents. Second, Microsoft uses high-resolution and high-quality displays that are sharp, offer excellent contrast with deep blacks, and provide solid color support. No matter which Surface you buy, you’re guaranteed to get one of the best displays around. The display on the Surface Laptop is a 13.5-inch PixelSense panel with 2,256 x 1,504 resolution, or 201PPI. It features Corning Gorilla Glass for scratch and shatter resistance, and it supports 10-point multitouch and the Surface Pen. A 720p HD webcam sits above the display where it belongs, and an infrared camera provides Windows Hello support via facial recognition. The Surface Pro sports a 12.3-inch PixelSense display with 2,736 x 1,824 resolution, or 267PPI — making it one of the sharpest “laptop” displays around. It’s also protected by Corning Gorilla Glass, and offers 10-point multitouch and Surface Pen support. The Surface Pro’s active digitizer has been enhanced with a hardware accelerator and quadruples the pressure sensitivity at 4,096 levels, and so it’s the best-performing and most accurate of all the Surface devices for drawing and handwriting on the screen. A 5-megapixel, 1080p HD webcam is on front, with Windows Hello support via infrared camera and facial recognition, and there’s an 8-megapixel camera with autofocus and 1080p video support on the back. Again, it’s difficult to pick a winner here. These are excellent displays with high resolutions — albeit, neither are 4K UHD — and the same 3:2 aspect ratio. They both support touch and pen input, although both make far more sense on the detachable Surface Pro. You really can’t go wrong with either. We’re going to give the nod here to the Surface Pro, however, given its higher sharpness and its superior pen specifications. Plus, it’s simply a more natural device for Windows Inking. Winner: Surface Pro Very similar for typing and touching Microsoft’s most recent Type Covers have always provided a solid typing experience, with some points taken away for providing a slightly less stable experience when the keyboard is magnetically attached at an angle. Microsoft has used a similar keyboard design on the Surface Laptop, and of course, the use of Alcantara fabric across the board means that the Surface Pro and Surface Laptop are going to feel very similar when in use. Both keyboards offer 1.5-millimeter travel, and a similar feel. The touchpads are also similar, with Microsoft Precision Touchpad support, multitouch capability, and a glass surface. The Surface Laptop’s touchpad appears to be a bit larger, however, and that counts for something. It’s becoming a theme in this comparison, but again, picking a winner is difficult. If you went back and forth between the two machines, you would be hard-pressed to tell the difference in the typing and touchpad experience. However, the Type Cover does bounce around a little when typing, and isn’t as spacious, so we think the Surface Laptop edges out the Surface Pro here. Winner: Surface Laptop Almost identical hardware The Surface Laptop utilizes Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, with the former offering Intel HD 620 graphics and the latter bumping up to Intel Iris Plus 640 graphics. UP to 16GB of RAM can be configured, and up to a 1TB PCIe SSD can be selected (eventually, but just 512GB for now). All of that makes the Surface Laptop competitive on paper with other thin-and-light notebooks. The Surface Pro offers a wider range of processors, including the low-power Intel Core m3, Core i5, and Core i7. Notably, the Core m3 and Core i5 models are fanless, meaning they’ll be completely silent in operation but could theoretically slow down more quickly when they heat up. The Core i7 also promises quieter fans than previous generations. The Surface Pro can be configured with up to 16GB of RAM and up to a 1TB PCIe SSD, and it also offers Intel Iris Plus 640 graphics with the Core i7 option. Obviously, it’s reasonable to expect these peers to perform similarly. The big difference is the availability of a less powerful Core m3 chip in the Pro, which is not available in the Laptop. Winner: Tie Both are limited to the past when it comes to plugging in Microsoft has taken a curious position regarding the increasingly ubiquitous USB Type-C connection. While most manufacturers are moving steadily in the direction of this futuristic connectivity, Microsoft believes that the USB Type-C connection is basically too confusing for its customers. We tend to think that’s a bit silly, and that it’s a real shame that Microsoft left off a port that would provide some additional longevity. That said, the Surface Laptop and Surface Pro both offer similarly limited connectivity. Both have a single USB 3.0 Type-A port, a mini-DisplayPort, the Surface Connect port, and a 3.5-millimeter headphone jack. The Surface Pro, however, includes a Type Cover connector and microSD card reader. We’re disappointed with the connectivity of both machines. However, the Surface Pro can at least more easily transfer some images from a camera given its microSD card reader, and so we’ll grudgingly give that machine the win in this category. Winner: Surface Pro The laptop lasts longer than the 2-in-1 As mentioned above, both the Surface Laptop and Surface Pro are thin and light machines for their respective categories. And, when you attach the Type Cover to the Surface Pro, the two machines become even more alike in terms of tossing in a backpack and carrying around. The Surface Laptop is a larger machine because of its larger display, but there’s remarkably little difference between the two machines otherwise. The same can be said for battery life, where Microsoft has made some promising strides. On paper, at least, and depending on the configuration, Microsoft is promising 14.5 hours of battery life with the Surface Laptop and 13.5 hours with the Surface Pro. That gives the Laptop a small victory here. Winner: Surface Laptop Pricing and availability The Surface Laptop was introduced at Microsoft’s recent education-oriented event, which was odd considering that it’s not at all an inexpensive machine. Microsoft anticipates that it will be popular among college students who might otherwise gravitate toward a MacBook, but otherwise, it’s not going to make its way into many classrooms. It starts at $999 with a Core i5, 4GB of RAM, and 128GB SSD, and jumps all the way up to $2,199 with a Core i7, 16GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD. The Surface Laptop comes standard with the limited Windows 10 S, which only allows apps to be installed from the Windows Store. That’s not going to be popular with many buyers of this class of machine, and it makes us wonder exactly what Microsoft is planning. It’s easy enough to upgrade to Windows 10 Pro, however, and that’s free until the end of 2017 when the upgrade will cost $49. The Surface Pro is priced similarly to the Surface Pro 4, though the as-yet-unpriced new Surface Pen is no longer included. Pricing starts at $799 for a Core i5, 4GB of RAM, and a 128GB SSD, and jumps all the way up to $2,699 for a Core i7, 16GB of RAM, and a 1TB SSD. It is, therefore, a real mix in terms of pricing, offering decent pricing at the low end but then heading straight for the stratosphere when more attractively configured. Keep in mind that the Signature Type Cover runs $160, meaning that a fully-equipped, entry-level Surface Pro will cost around $960, plus whatever price Microsoft attaches to the new Surface Pen. Winner: Tie Conclusion It might not seem fair to pit these two against each other. They’re aimed at different markets with very different use cases. Yet they’re very similar machines, and we bet many are wondering if it makes sense to leap to the Surface Pro’s 2-in-1 design, or stick with the more traditional Laptop. Our comparison tilts slightly in favor of the Surface Pro. It has a better display, a wider range of configuration options, and a more versatile package. In exchange, it’s not quite as enjoyable to use as a laptop, and drops an hour of quoted battery life. Weighing the pros and cons can be difficult, a choice must be made — and the Pro is the one we’d buy.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> SSDs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS CPUs Intel Computex 2017 X299 Skylake-X GPUs Core i9 AMD Mobile Home> SSDs TechInsights Publishes Preliminary Analysis of 3D XPoint Memory by Billy Tallis on May 27, 2017 8:01 AM EST Posted in SSDs Storage Intel Micron 3D XPoint Chipworks 22 Comments | Add A Comment 22 Comments + Add A Comment Now that the Intel Optane Memory M.2 SSDs are readily available on the open market, anyone with an electron microscope and the skills to use it can begin to probe the secrets of 3D XPoint memory that Intel and Micron have been keeping tightly under wraps since announcing the new technology in August 2015. The reverse engineering experts at TechInsights have been doing just that, and they recently published their initial findings. With some of the first high-resolution die photographs of 3D XPoint, TechInsights has provided precise measurements of the die size and memory density. The 128Gb 3D XPoint die is 206.5 mm2, much larger than is typical for modern NAND flash or DRAM but comparable to Intel's 128Gb 20nm planar MLC NAND. A large total die size is typical for Intel and Micron, as they have historically not catered to the mobile market with their NAND flash while competitors like Samsung and Toshiba have strived to ensure their flash will physically fit in devices like smartphones. (That trend is changing with the introduction this year of 64-layer 3D NAND where Intel and Micron are producing both a larger 512Gb TLC part and a smaller 256Gb TLC part.) The Intel Optane SSD DC P4800X is using memory of similar density to the Intel SSD DC P3700 that it is displacing as the flagship of Intel's SSD product line. When comparing similar chips, die size is a strong predictor of manufacturing cost, but 3D XPoint memory is quite different from NAND flash memory, both older planar NAND or newer 3D NAND. Still, there's some value in noting that the P4800X is arriving with a price tag about 25% higher than the P3700 initially carried. This suggests that the manufacturing process for 3D XPoint is either more expensive than planar NAND or that 3D XPoint yields are not mature enough, but a lot of the markup can also be explained by the lack of high-performance competition for Optane SSDs. TechInsights calculates that 91.4% of the 3D XPoint die area is occupied by the memory array itself. This is a much higher figure than for NAND flash, where the record is 84.9% for Intel/Micron 3D NAND with its "CMOS under the array" design that puts a large portion of the peripheral circuitry underneath the memory array instead of alongside. Samsung's current 48-layer 3D V-NAND manages an array efficiency of just 70%, and 3D NAND from Toshiba and SK Hynix has been comparable. This means that once Intel gets around to increasing they layer count in future generations of 3D XPoint memory, they should be able to get much closer to the ideal capacity scaling than 3D NAND memory can currently achieve. The analysis from TechInsights confirms that 3D XPoint memory is manufactured using a 20nm process, with the same pitch in both the bitline and wordline directions of the memory array. The DRAM market is only just moving beyond this milestone, so comparing the density of 3D XPoint to current DRAM highlights the fundamental capacity advantage 3D XPoint enjoys: around 4.5 times higher density compared to typical 20nm DRAM, and about 3.3 times higher than the most advanced 1Xnm DDR4 on the market. This gap is likely to widen with future generations of 3D XPoint. The materials and construction of an individual 3D XPoint memory cell have not been fully analyzed, but it appears to be a phase change memory element with a doped chalcogenide selector switch. The 3D XPoint memory array is constructed between the fourth and fifth metal interconnect layers above the silicon die. Source: TechInsights Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 22 Comments View All Comments wumpus - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link Interesting article. I wonder if the emphasis on comparing 3dxpoint to MLC/TLC flash was techinsight's idea or anandtech's. From the original propaganda coming from Intel, I expected a memory that would barge in between DRAM and Flash, forcing DRAM to act more like a cache (presumably something like HBM connected to the CPU) and in turn caching slower, denser, and cheaper Flash (TLC or denser). This also appears to be what Intel thought with the shipping Optane, although that is pretty much moot after the introduction of pseudo-SLC 3d flash (no real caching needed, although it might make a good dram replacement in SSDs). And of course the big questions remain: can Intel get the latency below milliseconds and get the endurance enough to use <1ms latency? Reply vladx - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link It's only the first generation, I think Intel's hype numbers were for much later when the technology finally matures. Reply melgross - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link Seriously, I'm always surprised when tech types are disappointed in new technology. As it is, this provides a NJ get of major advantages, and it's just first generation. When did NAND first come out, 20 years ago? I still have a NAND card from my old Agfa minilab that cost US $250 and has 4MB storage (it was used to store settings in the machine.) Give this a few years. I mean, the first usable SSD was just 16GB. The ones we saw back then as really usable were, by todays standards for SSD, very slow, and cost $3,600 for a 32GB drive. Reply dwrivers - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link Take a look at the Optane drive review from a few weeks ago and you'll see that latency is <10uS with 5-9s <100uS. The endurance is listed as 30 drive-writes per day. Looks like the technology is delivering something new and exciting that fits between DRAM and NAND Flash. http://www.anandtech.com/show/11209/intel-optane-s... Reply hahmed330 - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link Optane will probably never replace DRAM unless ridiculously drastic improvements are made since DRAM pretty much have a legendary endurance that optane probably could never match. As a caching scratch board it can make sense, but it's usefulness is quite limited especially for your average Joe. Reply IntelUser2000 - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link You don't need it to completely replace DRAM. If the technology comes near to what they promised, then it can significantly reduce the need for DRAM. Right now the policy is to put much as possible into DRAM to mask slow speed of storage. When the storage is much faster, then it'll be different. But final goal for these devices won't be realized for 10-15 years. You need to overhaul the computer system from top to bottom. It's something that has been stable for 70 years, so, you are talking about mentality changes of the people involved in the low level computer architecture. Revolution, comes as a stage. Never instant. Now the days of easy scaling is at an end, that'll be true even in semiconductors where traditionally newer device always offered better in every category. Reply melgross - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link Intel has never claimed that optane will completely replace RAM. You're setting up a straw argument that was never made, and then knocking it down Reply BMNify - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link not really, as commercial Everspin Mram at 90nm is faster and can even now fit above the lower Dram for speed, then.. its also got a lot more nm room to grow and is already near infinite write Non-volatility Reply boeush - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link So they only need to stack 8 layers of this to leave the most advanced 3D NAND in the dust density/capacity-wise, without even stepping fien to a smaller process node. The only issue then would be cost per die - something that might well be resolved through higher volumes and better yields... I can see this completely replacing NAND within the next 10 years or so... Reply Kristian Vättö - Monday, May 29, 2017 - link 3D XPoint doesn't scale nearly as well as 3D NAND when it comes to layers. Cross-point arrays are built layer by layer, whereas 3D NAND has a vertical channel i.e. all layers are processed at once. PCM is also not that scalable when it comes to lithography because it too suffers from cell-to-cell interference. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News MSI Shows Off GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X Card with USB Type-C Port Thecus Announces $130 and $200 Entry-Level NASes For Home Users AMD Announces Radeon Pro WX 3100 & WX 2100: Entry-Level Polaris Pro Cards Motorola Announces the Moto Z² Play MSI Demos Prototype Hybrid Storage Card: M.2 & 2.5” SATA on a PCIe Card Zotac Unveils 2017 ZBox Magnus SFF Gaming PCs: Powered By Intel Core & AMD Ryzen Antec Reveals Two New PSU Lines: HCG Pro Gold & HCG Pro Bronze Samsung Announces Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1, Includes S Pen Stylus Raijintek Announces Four New PSU Lines Zotac Showcases Mini GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Video Cards Plextor Announces M9Pe SSD: 3.1 GB/s, Marvell Controller, 64-Layer 3D TLC, RGB LEDs FSP Demonstrates Hydro PTM+ 1200 W: a Liquid-Cooled PSU with RGB LEDs TWEETS IanCutress: @DTheSleepless Plus only in a public forum. A private forum, such as social media or on someone else's property, can have limits IanCutress: Acer wouldn't let me look inside. They said there was nothing to see. I disagree. https://t.co/jTKdzrpyJL IanCutress: Rustic. Open to the elements for 5+ years https://t.co/t1DLZkzdeD IanCutress: This is a great summary from @linusgsebastian on the new platform and some of the issues facing market segmentation… https://t.co/gqIED5RMyk IanCutress: Getting tea in Maokong with @tekwendell https://t.co/0QFdRIzb0t RyanSmithAT: @IanCutress I don't know what the question is, but good answer! RyanSmithAT: @bwDraco @anandtech @tomshardware We don't know for sure. But right now that's looking like a very safe bet. RyanSmithAT: @MindCanon @anandtech Indeed it's not. Though to be clear, that passage was referring to their CES announcements fr… https://t.co/vhqiTxUdSM RyanSmithAT: @jasonelmore @anandtech It's correct. Intel is requiring you to buy the $999 CPU to get 44 PCIe lanes RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Still better than #howseproblems, I reckon... ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Norbord Inc (OSB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Target Price at $48.50 Cineplex Inc (CGX) Receives C$57.75 Average Price Target from Brokerages Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Viavi Solutions (VIAV) vs. QUALCOMM (QCOM) Financial Review L.B. Foster (FSTR) versus FreightCar America (RAIL) Head to Head Analysis Encana Corp (ECA) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Receives C$20.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Anticipate Cna Financial Corp (CNA) to Announce $0.77 Earnings Per Share $0.95 Earnings Per Share Expected for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) This Quarter $0.55 EPS Expected for Ball Co. (BLL) This Quarter Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $715.30 Million Doyle Wealth Management Invests $12.172 Million in Intel Co. (INTC) May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Doyle Wealth Management purchased a new stake in Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund purchased 337,456 shares of the chip maker’s stock, valued at approximately $12,172,000. Intel comprises about 2.5% of Doyle Wealth Management’s holdings, making the stock its 13th largest position. Several other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Sfmg LLC boosted its stake in shares of Intel by 0.6% in the third quarter. Sfmg LLC now owns 6,354 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $240,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the last quarter. Cordasco Financial Network boosted its stake in shares of Intel by 0.7% in the first quarter. Cordasco Financial Network now owns 5,699 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 38 shares during the last quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Intel by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Hodges Capital Management Inc. now owns 16,350 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $593,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Intel by 0.4% in the first quarter. First Command Financial Services Inc. now owns 12,607 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $455,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sheets Smith Wealth Management boosted its stake in shares of Intel by 0.5% in the third quarter. Sheets Smith Wealth Management now owns 17,445 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $659,000 after buying an additional 93 shares during the last quarter. 65.90% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.26 on Friday. Intel Co. has a 12 month low of $30.44 and a 12 month high of $38.45. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $36.10 and its 200-day moving average is $36.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $170.75 billion, a PE ratio of 15.70 and a beta of 1.03. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $14.80 billion. Intel had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The company’s revenue was up 8.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.54 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Intel Co. will post $2.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be issued a dividend of $0.2725 per share. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.01%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. Intel’s dividend payout ratio is presently 49.29%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Doyle Wealth Management Invests $12.172 Million in Intel Co. (INTC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/doyle-wealth-management-invests-12-172-million-in-intel-co-intc.html. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on INTC shares. BNP Paribas set a $39.00 target price on shares of Intel and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $36.00 target price on shares of Intel and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 target price on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Pacific Crest reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $43.00 target price on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and twenty-eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $40.33. In other news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,333,494.11. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Diane M. Bryant sold 1,639 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.85, for a total transaction of $60,397.15. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 113,357 shares in the company, valued at $4,177,205.45. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 119,993 shares of company stock worth $4,276,027. Insiders own 0.09% of the company’s stock. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Norbord Inc (OSB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Target Price at $48.50 Cineplex Inc (CGX) Receives C$57.75 Average Price Target from Brokerages Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Viavi Solutions (VIAV) vs. QUALCOMM (QCOM) Financial Review L.B. Foster (FSTR) versus FreightCar America (RAIL) Head to Head Analysis Encana Corp (ECA) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Receives C$20.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Anticipate Cna Financial Corp (CNA) to Announce $0.77 Earnings Per Share $0.95 Earnings Per Share Expected for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) This Quarter $0.55 EPS Expected for Ball Co. (BLL) This Quarter Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $715.30 Million Prospera Financial Services Inc Purchases 19,554 Shares of Intel Co. (INTC) May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prospera Financial Services Inc boosted its position in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 35.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 74,741 shares of the chip maker’s stock after buying an additional 19,554 shares during the period. Prospera Financial Services Inc’s holdings in Intel were worth $2,698,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Mathes Company Inc. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 143.1% in the third quarter. Mathes Company Inc. now owns 145,765 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $5,503,000 after buying an additional 85,805 shares in the last quarter. Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH raised its stake in shares of Intel by 3.8% in the third quarter. Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH now owns 68,286 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,578,000 after buying an additional 2,488 shares in the last quarter. Nippon Life Insurance Co. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 0.4% in the third quarter. Nippon Life Insurance Co. now owns 167,075 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $6,307,000 after buying an additional 606 shares in the last quarter. Vicus Capital raised its stake in shares of Intel by 1.8% in the third quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 17,738 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $670,000 after buying an additional 308 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Intel by 1.2% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 7,555,399 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $285,216,000 after buying an additional 88,418 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.90% of the company’s stock. Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.26 on Friday. Intel Co. has a 52 week low of $30.44 and a 52 week high of $38.45. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $36.10 and its 200-day moving average price is $36.00. The company has a market cap of $170.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.70 and a beta of 1.03. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Intel had a return on equity of 20.95% and a net margin of 17.37%. The business had revenue of $14.80 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $14.80 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.54 earnings per share. Intel’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Intel Co. will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Sunday, May 7th will be paid a $0.2725 dividend. This is an increase from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.01%. Intel’s dividend payout ratio is presently 49.29%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Prospera Financial Services Inc Purchases 19,554 Shares of Intel Co. (INTC)” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/prospera-financial-services-inc-purchases-19554-shares-of-intel-co-intc.html. Several analysts recently commented on INTC shares. Needham & Company LLC boosted their price target on Intel from $42.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Jefferies Group LLC decreased their price target on Intel from $46.00 to $45.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Vetr lowered Intel from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.98 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and twenty-eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Intel currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $40.33. In other Intel news, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares in the company, valued at $19,333,494.11. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, April 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.28, for a total value of $1,070,151.16. Following the sale, the insider now owns 318,654 shares in the company, valued at approximately $11,560,767.12. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 119,993 shares of company stock worth $4,276,027. 0.09% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Intel Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.62 Earnings Per Share Expected for Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate CarMax, Inc (KMX) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.52 Billion Anixter International Inc. (AXE) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.03 Billion Cerner Co. (CERN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Analysts Expect Cerner Co. (CERN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.30 Billion Brokerages Set Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) PT at $26.89 Euronav NV (EURN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Norbord Inc. (OSB) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Norbord Inc (OSB) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Brokerages Set Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Target Price at $48.50 Cineplex Inc (CGX) Receives C$57.75 Average Price Target from Brokerages Anglo American plc (NGLOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Viavi Solutions (VIAV) vs. QUALCOMM (QCOM) Financial Review L.B. Foster (FSTR) versus FreightCar America (RAIL) Head to Head Analysis Encana Corp (ECA) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Receives C$20.50 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Anticipate Cna Financial Corp (CNA) to Announce $0.77 Earnings Per Share $0.95 Earnings Per Share Expected for Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) This Quarter $0.55 EPS Expected for Ball Co. (BLL) This Quarter Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $715.30 Million Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Sold by Private Bank & Trust Co. May 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Private Bank & Trust Co. lowered its stake in shares of Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) by 4.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 58,962 shares of the chip maker’s stock after selling 2,427 shares during the period. Private Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Intel were worth $2,127,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Mathes Company Inc. boosted its position in shares of Intel by 143.1% in the third quarter. Mathes Company Inc. now owns 145,765 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $5,503,000 after buying an additional 85,805 shares during the period. Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH boosted its position in shares of Intel by 3.8% in the third quarter. Spero Smith Investment Advisers Inc. OH now owns 68,286 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $2,578,000 after buying an additional 2,488 shares during the period. Nippon Life Insurance Co. boosted its position in shares of Intel by 0.4% in the third quarter. Nippon Life Insurance Co. now owns 167,075 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $6,307,000 after buying an additional 606 shares during the period. Vicus Capital boosted its position in shares of Intel by 1.8% in the third quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 17,738 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $670,000 after buying an additional 308 shares during the period. Finally, Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. boosted its position in shares of Intel by 1.2% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 7,555,399 shares of the chip maker’s stock valued at $285,216,000 after buying an additional 88,418 shares during the period. 65.90% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.26 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $36.10 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.00. The company has a market capitalization of $170.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.70 and a beta of 1.03. Intel Co. has a 52-week low of $30.44 and a 52-week high of $38.45. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The chip maker reported $0.66 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.01. Intel had a net margin of 17.37% and a return on equity of 20.95%. The business had revenue of $14.80 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $14.80 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.54 earnings per share. Intel’s quarterly revenue was up 8.0% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Intel Co. will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Sunday, May 7th will be issued a $0.2725 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. This is a positive change from Intel’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.26. This represents a $1.09 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.01%. Intel’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 49.29%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Intel Co. (INTC) Shares Sold by Private Bank & Trust Co.” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/27/intel-co-intc-shares-sold-by-private-bank-trust-co.html. INTC has been the subject of several recent research reports. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a $45.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Cowen and Company reissued a “market perform” rating and set a $39.00 price target on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Mizuho reaffirmed an “in-line” rating and issued a $42.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, B. Riley reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $44.00 price objective on shares of Intel in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have assigned a hold rating and twenty-eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $40.33. In other Intel news, insider Diane M. Bryant sold 1,639 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.85, for a total value of $60,397.15. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 113,357 shares in the company, valued at $4,177,205.45. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CEO Brian M. Krzanich sold 72,172 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.21, for a total transaction of $2,541,176.12. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 549,091 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,333,494.11. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 119,993 shares of company stock valued at $4,276,027 over the last 90 days. 0.09% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Intel Intel Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing products and technologies, such as the cloud. The Company’s segments are Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Non-Volatile Memory Solutions Group (NSG), Intel Security Group (ISecG), Programmable Solutions Group (PSG), All Other and New Technology Group (NTG). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Intel Co. (NASDAQ:INTC). Receive News & Ratings for Intel Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Updates MacBook with Latest Processors, Longer Battery Life &amp; New Rose Gold Finish CUPERTINO, California ― April 19, 2016 ― Apple® today updated MacBook® with the latest Intel processors, improved graphics performance, faster flash storage and an additional hour of battery life, making the thinnest and lightest Mac® better than ever. Featuring an all-metal unibody enclosure, MacBook is now available in four aluminum finishes — gold, silver, space gray, and for the first time on a Mac, a gorgeous rose gold. With a stunning 12-inch Retina® display, highly responsive full-size keyboard, Force Touch trackpad, versatile USB-C port and all-day battery life in a design that is just 2 pounds and 13.1 mm thin, MacBook is the future of the notebook.    “MacBook is the thinnest and lightest Mac we have ever made and it’s our vision for the future of the notebook,” said Philip Schiller, Apple’s senior vice president of Worldwide Marketing. “Customers are going to love this update to MacBook, with the latest processors, faster graphics, faster flash storage, longer battery life and a beautiful rose gold finish.”   The updated MacBook features sixth-generation dual-core Intel Core M processors up to 1.3 GHz, with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz, and faster 1866 MHz memory. New Intel HD Graphics 515 deliver up to 25 percent faster graphics performance, and faster PCIe-based flash storage makes everyday tasks feel snappier — from launching apps to opening files.* And now with up to 10 hours of wireless web browsing and up to 11 hours of iTunes® movie playback, MacBook is the perfect notebook for all day, on-the-go computing.**   MacBook comes with the incredibly small and versatile USB-C port for charging, data transfer and video output in a single connector that is one-third the size of a traditional USB port. Following the introduction of USB-C on MacBook, the ecosystem of Apple and third-party USB-C accessories has continued to grow, giving users added flexibility and capability.   With no moving parts or vents, MacBook is entirely fanless for silent, efficient performance. Designed for the wireless world, MacBook is equipped with the latest wireless technologies, including built-in 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0 for fast wireless connectivity. It is perfect for tasks like streaming content from your MacBook to your Apple TV® using AirPlay®, exchanging files quickly using AirDrop® or using wireless headphones.    Apple also today made 8GB of memory standard across all configurations of the 13-inch MacBook Air®.   Every new Mac comes with OS X® El Capitan, the latest version of OS X that refines the Mac experience and improves system performance. El Capitan builds on the groundbreaking features and beautiful design of OS X Yosemite, with updates to window management, built-in apps and Spotlight® search, and performance improvements to make everyday activities — like launching and switching apps, opening PDFs and accessing email — faster and more responsive.   iMovie®, GarageBand® and the suite of iWork® apps come free with every new Mac. iMovie lets you easily create beautiful movies and you can use GarageBand to make music, or learn to play piano and guitar. The iWork suite of Pages®, Numbers® and Keynote® makes it easy to create, edit and share stunning documents, spreadsheets and presentations. Pages, Numbers and Keynote for iCloud® let you create a document on iPhone® or iPad®, edit it on your Mac and collaborate with friends, even if they are on a PC.   Pricing & Availability MacBook is available through Apple.com starting today, and in Apple’s retail stores and select Apple Authorized Resellers starting tomorrow. MacBook comes with a 1.1 GHz dual-core Intel Core m3 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.2 GHz, 8GB of memory and 256GB of flash storage for $1,299 (US), and with a 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Core m5 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 2.7 GHz, 8GB of memory and 512GB of flash storage for $1,599 (US). Configure-to-order options include a 1.3 GHz dual-core Intel Core m7 processor with Turbo Boost speeds up to 3.1 GHz. Additional technical specifications and accessories are available online at www.apple.com/macbook.   *Testing conducted by Apple in April 2016 using preproduction MacBook configurations. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook.   **The Wireless Web protocol testing was conducted by Apple in April 2016 using preproduction MacBook configurations. Battery life and charge cycles vary by use and settings. For more information visit www.apple.com/macbook.   Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV. Apple’s four software platforms — iOS, OS X, watchOS and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay and iCloud. Apple’s 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.   Press Contacts: Colin Smith Apple colins@apple.com (408) 862-1171   Jennie Orphanopoulos Apple jennieo@apple.com (408) 783-0203   CategoriesUncategorized TagsPress Release Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Apple Introduces iPhone SE — The Most Powerful Phone with a Four-inch Display Next PostNext FY 16 Second Quarter Results Conference Call Search Recent Posts High Voltage Circuit Breaker Market 2017 Worldwide Detailed Analysis by Covering All Major Industrial Aspects 2022 Speech by CE at World Sustainable Built Environment Conference 2017 Hong Kong (English only) Software Defined Networking Will Underpin Enterprise Connectivity in Australia as Organisations Seek to Optimise Cost and Bandwidth Herbalife Nutrition Announces That in the Month of May 90% of Sales in the United States Were Documented Purchases by Consumers, Far in Excess of the 80% Threshold Called for in its Agreement With the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Solar Industry Urges Nevada Governor to Sign Bill Supporting Solar Jobs and Homeowners in State Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
الرئيسية الشروق أونلاين الشروق TV أسواق الشروق البحث التسجيل   منتديات الشروق أونلاين رسالة إدارية اسم العضو حفظ البيانات؟ كلمة المرور التسجيل التعليمـــات المجموعات التقويم مشاركات اليوم البحث روابط مهمة : دليل الاستخدام | طلب كلمة المرور | تفعيل العضوية | طلب كود تفعيل العضوية | قوانين المنتدى    روابط المنتدى المجموعات الإجتماعية البحث في المنتدى عرض المواضيع   عرض المشاركات بحث بالكلمة الدلالية البحث المتقدم الذهاب إلى الصفحة... رسالة إدارية لقد حددت الموضوع خاطئ. إذا إتبعت رابط صحيح, الرجاء راسل الإدارة. الانتقال السريع لوحة تحكم العضو الرسائل الخاصة الاشتراكات المتواجدون الآن البحث في المنتدى الصفحة الرئيسية للمنتدى المنتدى الترحيبي     إعلانات الإدارة     شروط استخدام المنتدى     منتدى الأعضاء الجدد     منتدى التهاني         منتدى التعازي و المواساة     منتدى ذوي الإحتياجات الخاصة المنتدى الحضاري     في رحاب رمضان     منتدى القرآن الكريم         قسم التفسير         قسم تحفيظ وتسميع القرءان الكريم         قسم القراءات         قسم الشوارد والنوادر (الفوائد)         قسم الإعجاز القرءاني         قراء ومدارس التحفيظ في الجزائر     منتدى الحديث وعلومه     منتدى الدراسات الإسلامية     منتدى الدعوة والدعاة     سير الانبياء و أعلام الامة     منتدى الكتاب المطبوع     منتدى الكتاب الإلكتروني     منتدى الكتاب المخطوط     منتدى الدراسات الاستشراقية     منتدى المواعظ والرقائق         منتدى الإستخارة     منتدى المرأة المسلمة     منتدى الصوتيات والمرئيات     الدورات العلمية     سير أعلام النبلاء     المنتدى العام الإسلامي زبدة المنتدى     مراسلو منتدى الشروق     خرجات الشروقيين     صفحات المنتدى على جريدة الشروق اليومي     عمود منتدى الشروق     مجلة منتدى الشروق     ثنائيات حوارية     وجوه المنتدى         شخصيات في المنتدى المنتدى العام     منتدى الأخبار العالمية         قضايا المسلمين         منتدى فلسطين         منتدى الاخبار العربية         منتدى الأخبار الوطنية         منتدى الأخبار الفنية والثقافية         منتدى الأخبار الطريفة والغريبة     نقاش حر         الرأي بالكاريكاتير         صورة ، فيديو ..و تعليق     منتدى الإبداع والنجاح         قسم التنمية البشرية     المنتدى العام         منتدى هل تعلم؟         المقالات والاعمدة الصحفية المنقولة     منتدى الكتاب و الرواية     منتدى التوظيف و المسابقات         قسم إعلانات التوظيف             قسم التوظيف في المؤسسات التعليمية و التكوينية             قسم إنشغالات الأسرة الإدارية         قسم توظيف التقنيين و المهندسين         قسم التوظيف في النظام العسكري و الشبه العسكري     Forum Français     English Board     منتدى المستهلك الجزائري     مدينتــــــي     منتدى الألقاب والأنساب الجزائرية المنتدى التعليمي     المنتدى التربوي     فضاء الجامعة و الدراسات العليا         قسم الماجيستر، الماستر والدكتوراه         قسم المذكرات والبحوث الجامعية         أخبار الجامعات         * علوم وتقنيات التربية البدنية والرياضية         * منتدي العلوم والتكنولوجيا             - منتدى هندسة كهرباء وإلكترونيك                 .مراقبة وتشخيص الأنظمة الكهربائية                 شبكات كهربائية                 اتصالات سلكية ولا سلكية             - منتدى هندسة ميكانيكية                 ميكانيك الطاقة                 الكترو ميكانيك صناعي                 صيانة التجهيزات الصناعية             - منتدى هندسة الطرائق             - منتدى محروقات وكيمياء (التكرير)             - منتدى الري                 ري حضري مهني                 تسيير الموارد المائية             - منتدى علوم المادة                 قسم الفيزياء                     Physique nucléaire''فيزياء إشعاعية''                     Physique theorique''فيزياء نظرية''                     physique spatiale ''فيزياء الفضاء''                     physique des materiaux ''فيزياء المواد''                     Ingenierie biomedical hospitaliere ''هندسة فيزياء بيوطبية''                     Physique fondamontale ''فيزياء اساسية ''                 قسم الكيمياء                     chimie environnement ''كيمياء بيئية ''                     chimie industrielle ''كيمياء صناعية ''                     Chimie générale ''كيمياء عامة ''                     Chimie pharmacetique ''كيمياء صيدلية ''                     Chimie physique ''كيمياء فيزيائية''                     analytique Chimie ''كيمياء تحليلية ''                     Chimie organique ''كيمياء عضوية ''                     Chmie ménirale ''كيمياء معدنية ''             - منتدى الرياضيات والإعلام آلي                 إعلام آلي أساسي                 رياضيات                 نماذج رياضية ومحاكاة عددية             ـ الهندسة المعمارية و العمران         * منتدى علوم الطبيعة والحياة             biologie animale''بيولوجيا الحيوان''             microbilogie''ميكروبيولوجيا''             Biochimie ''كيمياء حيوية''             physiologie végétale''فيسيولوجيا النبات''             génétique''علم الوراثة''             ecologie et environnementtعلم ''البيئة و المحيط''             biologie cellulaire et moléculaire''بيولوجيا خلوية و جزيئية''-             océanologie biologique et environnement marin''علم المحيطات البيولوجي والبيئة البحرية''             pharmacologie''صيدلة حيوية ''         * منتدى العلوم الاقتصادية والتجارية وعلوم التسيير             - منتدى علوم تجارية                 تسيير المخزون                 تجارة دولية                 تسويق             - منتدى العلوم الإقتصادية                 مالية وبنوك                 مالية المؤسسة                 - منتدى علوم التسيير                     إعلام آلي للتسيير                     إدارة أعمال                     تسيير الموارد البشرية                     محاسبة وضرائب         * منتدى الآداب واللغات             لغة فرنسية (لسانيات)                 أدب عربي             انجليزية تعليمية             لغة عربية         * منتدى الحقوق و العلوم السياسية             - منتدى الحقوق                 الحقوق                 قانون عام             - منتدى العلوم السياسية                 علوم سياسية                 تنظيمات سياسية                 علاقات دولة         * منتدى الـتخصصات الـطـبـيـة             الطــــــب             جراحة أسنان             صيدلة             بيطرة             التكوين شبه الطبي     منتدى الحوار التربوي     منتدى التعليم الابتدائي         المنتدى التحضيري         منتدى الأطوار الأولى         منتدى السنة الرابعة         منتدى السنة الخامسة         الفرنسية للتعليم الابتدائي     منتدى التعليم المتوسط.         السنة الأولى متوسط             الفروض والاختبارات والتمارين             الدروس والمناهج             قسم اللغة العربية             قسم اللغة الإنجليزية             قسم اللغة الفرنسية             قسم العلوم الفيزيائية و التكنولوجيا             قسم علوم الطبيعة و الحياة             قسم الرياضيات             قسم التاريخ و الجغرافيا             قسم التربية الإسلامية و المدنية             قسم التربية الفنية و الموسيقية و الإعلام الألي         السنة الثانية متوسط             الدروس والمناهج             الفروض والاختبارات والتمارين             قسم اللغة العربية             قسم اللغة الانجليزية             قسم اللغة الفرنسية             قسم الرياضيات             العلوم الفيزيائية و التكنولوجيا             علوم الطبيعية و الحياة             التاريخ و الجغرافيا             التربية الإسلامية و التربية المدنية             التربية الموسيقية و التربية الفنية التشكيلية و الاعلام الالي         السنة الثالثة متوسط             الدروس والمناهج             الفروض والاختبارات والتمارين             قسم اللغة العربية             قسم اللغة الإنجليزية             قسم اللغة الفرنسية             قسم مادة الرياضيات             قسم التاريخ و الجغرافيا             قسم العلوم الفيزيائية و التكنولوجيا             قسم علوم الطبيعة و الحياة             قسم التربية الموسيقسية و التربية الفنية و الإعلام الالي             قسم التربية الإسلامة و التربية المدنية         منتدى السنة الرابعة و شهادة التعليم المتوسط BEM 2017             الدروس والمناهج             الفروض والاختبارات والتمارين             قسم اللغة العربية             قسم اللغة الإنجليزية             قسم اللغة الفرنسية             مادة الرياضيات             مادة العلوم الفيزيائية و التكنولوجية             مادة علوم الطبيعة و الحياة             مادة التاريخ و الجغرافيا             مادة التربية الإسلامية و مادة التربية المدنية             مادة التربية الموسيقية و مادة التربية الفنية التشكيلية     منتدى التعليم الثانوي         السنة الأولى ثانوي 1AS             الدروس والمناهج             الفروض والاختبارات والتمارين             مادة الرياضيات السنة الأولى ثانوي mathématiques 1AS             مادة علوم الطبيعة و الحياة السنة اولى ثانوي Sciences naturelles 1AS             مادة العلوم الفيزيائية السنة اولى ثانوي physique 1AS             مادة التكنولوجيا سنة اولى ثانوي technologie des matériaux 1AS             مادة الاعلام الالي سنة اولى ثانوي             مادة اللغة العربية سنة اولى ثانوي             مادة اللغة الإنجليزية سنة اولى ثانوي Anglais 1AS             مادة اللغة العربية سنة اولى ثانوي             مادة اللغة الفرنسية سنة اولى ثانوي français 1AS             مادة التاريخ و الجغرافيا سنة اولى ثانوي             مادة العلوم الاسلامية سنة اولى ثانوي         السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             الدروس والمناهج             الفروض والاختبارات والتمارين             مادة اللغة العربية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة اللغة الانجليزية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة اللغة الفرنسية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة الرياضيات السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة علوم الطبيعة و الحياة السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة العلوم الفيزيائية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة الفلسفة السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة التسيير المحاسبي و المالي السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة الإقتصاد و المناجمنت السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة الهندسة المدنية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة الهندسة الميكانيكية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة الهندسة الكهربائية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة هندسة الطرائق السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة القانون السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة التاريخ و الجغرافيا السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة التربية المدنية و التربية الفنية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة اللغة الإسبانية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة اللغة الألمانية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS             مادة اللغة الإيطالية السنة الثانية ثانوي 2AS     السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS و تحضير بكالوريا BAC 2017الشعب العلمية، شعبة الادا         منتدى المواضيع والحلول         منتدى المناهج والدروس         مادة الرياضيات السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة هندسة الطرائق السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة علوم الطبيعة و الحياة السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة العلوم الفيزيائية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة الأدب العربي السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة اللغة الانجليزية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة اللغة الفرنسية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة الهندسة المدنية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة الهندسة الميكانيكية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة الهندسة الكهربائية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة الفلسفة السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة القانون السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة التاريخ و الجغرافيا السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة العلوم الاسلامية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة التسيير المالي و المحاسبي السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة الإقتصاد و المناجمنت السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة اللغة الالمانية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة اللغة الإسبانية السنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS         مادة اللغة الإيطالية لسنة الثالثة ثانوي 3AS     منتدى الادارة والتشريع التربوي     منتدى البحوث العلمية     منتدى محو الأمية     منتدى التعليم عن بعد     دروس و دورات لتعليم اللغات منتدى المرأة والأسرة     منتدى الأسرة والمجتمع         قسم اللباقة والاتكيت     منتدى الطرز و التفصيل و الأعمال اليدوية     ركن الأمومة     منتدى العرائــس     منتدى هُـــم و هنّ     منتدى الطبخ الجزائري         كتب الطبخ         الطبخ التقليدي         كوزينة رمضان         الحلويات         وصفات من بنة تي في             أطباق الشاف صبرينة         مسابقات الطبخ         الأطباق الرئيسية         المقبلات و المشروبات         المعجنات، الخبز و البيتزا         تطبيق وصفات الطبخ         أفكار و تدابير منزلية     منتدى الجمال والأناقة         صالون العناية بالشعر         الرشاقة و الرجيم         صالون العناية بالبشرة         صالون الأزياء         صالون الإكسسوارت         صالون المكياج و العطور         إستفسارات جمالية     منتدى الطفل         مكتبة الطفل     منتدى الطب والصحة         صحة حواء     منتدى العلاج بالأعشاب و الطب البديل     منتدى الصحة النفسية     منتدى المشاكل والحلول     منتدى الديكور و التصميم     منتدى النباتات و تربية الحيوانات منتدى العلوم والمعارف     منتدى الخط العربي     منتدى اللغة العربية     منتدى النقاش العلمي والفكري     جديد العلوم والمعارف         منتدى عالم الحيوان والحشرات         منتدى عالم النبات     جديد الكتب والدراسات         المكتبة الالكترونية     المنتدى الاقتصادي     منتدى الترجمة واللغات         اللغة العربية         اللغة الفرنسية         اللغة الانجليزية     منتدى الثقافة الأمازيغية     منتدى العلوم العسكرية منتدى التاريخ     منتدى تاريخ المغرب الإسلامي     منتدى ثورة التحرير الجزائرية     منتدى السير والتراجم     منتدى التاريخ العام     منتدى المذكرات الشخصية منتدى السياحة و الفندقة     منتدى السياحة الجزائرية     منتدي السياحة العربية     منتدى السياحة العالمية منتدى الأدب     منتدى الشعر الفصيح     منتدى المحاولات الادبية و الحكاية         منتدى الامثال و الحكم و البوقالات     منتدى القصة القصيرة     منتدى المقامات     منتدى الخاطرة     القصيدة النثرية     منتدى الشعر الملحون     منتدى جواهر الأدب العربي     منتدى الدواوين الشعرية     أقلام مشرقة     منتدى النقد الأدبي     فحول الشعر الشعبي الجزائري     منتدى المواضيع المنقولة منتدى القانون والعلوم السياسية     المنتدى العام للقانون     قسم المحاضرات في القانون     قسم المذكرات والأبحاث القانونية     مكتبة التشريع     المقالات والمواضيع القانونية     قسم الإمتحانات القانونية     طلبات واستفسارات أعضاء منتدى القانون     استشارات قانونية         المحكمة المدنية         المحكمة الجزائية         محامي المدعي او الضحية         محامي المدعى عليه او المتهم التكنولوجيا والمعلوماتية     منتدى الأنترنت         منتدى الحماية والأمن         منتدى الفيروسات         منتدى المواقع الربحية المجانية         الشروق لإشهار المواقع،المدونات والمنتديات     منتدى الحاسوب والبرامج         منتدى البرامج المفتوحة     منتدى الدورات التعليمية التقنية     منتدى الإبداع والتصميم الفني     منتدى الهاتف النقال         هواتف نوكيا وملحقاتها         هواتف سامسونج وملحقاتها         هواتف سوني اريكسون         منتدى الهواتف الكفية     القنوات الفضائية         منتدى أجهزة الاستقبال         منتدى القنوات الفضائية المنتدى الرياضي     منتدي الرياضة الجزائرية         منتدى اخبار المنتخب الوطني لكرة القدم         منتدى أخبار المحترفين الجزائريين         منتدى أخبار البطولة الوطنية     منتدى الرياضة العربية         أخبار البطولات العربية لكرة القدم         أخبار المحترفين العرب     البطولات الدولية لكرة القدم         أخبار كرة القدم الأوروبية         أخبار كرة القدم الإفريقية         اخبار كرة القدم اللاتينية         أخبارة كرة القدم الاسيوية         أخبار المحترفين الدوليين     منتدى المنافسات الدولية والقارية     الملتيميديا والنقل المباشر         منتدى القنوات الرياضية والبث الحي         منتدى الصور و الفيديوهات الرياضية     المنتدى الرياضي العام         منتدى الحوار الرياضي         اخبار كل الرياضات منتدى المنوعات والترفيه     منتدى الألغاز والأحاجي     منتدى النكت     منتدى الصور الغريبة والطريفة         صور من هاتفك النقال     منتدى الشعبيات     منتدى الأنشاد والطرب     منتدى المسابقات     منتدى الألعاب     الأنمي المترجم والرسوم المتحركة منتدى الإعلانات     منتدى السيارات     خدمات ونداءات         منتدى خدمة ( دواك عندي )         منتدى التعريف بالجمعيات و المنظمات و الهيئات المنتدى الإداري     منتدى الشكاوى والاقتراحات الساعة الآن 03:38 AM. -- اللغة العربية -- English الاتصال بنا - الشروق اليومي - الأرشيف - بيان الخصوصية - الأعلى © جميع الحقوق محفوظة للشروق أونلاين 2017 قوانين المنتدى جميع الحقوق محفوظة لـ للشروق أونلاين
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Heavy rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the South Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Jellyfish cam from the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Top Democrat on House Intel Committee calls for review of Kushner's security clearance By Nicki Rossoll Close Follow on Twitter More from Nicki May 28, 2017, 10:14 AM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayJ. Scott Applewhite/AP Photo WATCH Rep. Adam Schiff says 'there ought to be a review' of Kushner's security clearance 0 Shares Email The House Intelligence Committee's top Democrat called for a review of Jared Kushner's security clearance over questions of whether he was truthful about his contacts with Russia. Rep. Adam Schiff, D-California, spoke to ABC News' Martha Raddatz in an exclusive interview on "This Week" Sunday in the wake of revelations that Kushner, the son-in-law and senior adviser to President Trump, talked to the Russian ambassador about establishing a back channel for communications in December, before Trump took office. “If these allegations are true and he had discussions with the Russians about establishing a backchannel and didn't reveal that, that's a real problem in terms of whether he should maintain that kind of a security clearance,” Schiff said. "There ought to be a review of his security clearance to find out whether he was truthful, whether he was candid" about his Russia contacts, Schiff added in an apparent reference to what Kushner may have submitted in the security clearance application process. "If not, than there's no way he can maintain that kind of a clearance." Kushner, who met with the Russian ambassador in December along with Lt. Gen Michael Flynn, asked for back-channel communications to discuss Syria and other policy matters, sources told ABC News. The Democratic National Committee is calling for Kushner's security clearance to be suspended until the federal investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election and possible ties to Trump associates is completed. "The FBI's Russia investigation reached Trump's backyard, and now it's in his house," the DNC deputy communications director Adrienne Watson said in a statement Thursday. "Kushner's security clearance should be suspended until the FBI's findings are complete." U.S. intelligence operatives reportedly learned about Kushner's interest in back-channel talks through communications that Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak had with Moscow. Raddatz said Kislyak must know "he’s being monitored all the time" and asked Schiff if it was possible the Russians wanted U.S. intelligence to hear what the Russian ambassador said about Kushner. "Could it be a ruse" by Russia to get Americans to suspect Kushner? Raddatz asked. Schiff responded, "Certainly in dealings with the Russians, they're very sophisticated, you always have to take into consideration that the Russians may be doing things that are designed to throw you off the track or provoke discord." He added, though, that "it's hard to understand ... why this would be some kind of a Russian ruse. Why would they want to undermine the very government that they hope to have a good relationship with?" Schiff said that he expects Kushner to be asked to testify before the House Intelligence Committee. The House Intelligence Committee's top Democrat called for a review of Jared Kushner's security clearance over questions of whether he was truthful in his application about his contacts with Russia. Kushner asked Russian ambassador for back channel on Syria and other policy matters Scrutiny of Jared Kushner's Russia contacts brings the probe to Trump's inner circle 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Top Dem on House Intel Committee calls for review of Kushner's security clearance " After 'horrific' London attack, Trump says 'bloodshed must end' Trump to announce plan to privatize air traffic control system " Trump takes aim at London's mayor after terror attack " London mayor's spokesperson slams Trump's tweet as 'ill-informed' " British PM's call for crackdown on terror propaganda online hard to achieve, experts say " President Trump not expected to try to block Comey testimony, aides say " Trump team is 'tongue-tied' on climate crisis: Al Gore " Putin 'is lying' by denying Russian interference in US election, Susan Rice says " EPA chief still won't say if President Trump believes climate change is a hoax " 'This Week' Transcript 6-4-17: Scott Pruitt, Al Gore, and Susan Rice " President Trump filed for an extension on his 2016 tax return " 'March for Truth' demands Trump, Russia investigation " ISIS claims responsibility for London Bridge attack " Philippine police say casino attacker was indebted gambler " Quadruplet to get medical degree with help from doctor who delivered her " Couple scores free tickets to Stanley Cup finals after text mix-up " Dad's 'no shame' post on using toddler leash: 'She'd be the lost child' " Student's pizza essay helps her get into Yale " Students raise $11,000 to help teacher battling cancer fulfill her bucket list " Mom organizes trooper dance honoring daughter who died of rare cancer " JetBlue testing facial-recognition boarding system " Experts warn parents about recent uptick in youth baseball injuries
MENU Tech Science Health Culture Reviews Features Videos HOMEPAGE Tech Gadgets Computers Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Wearable Tech Apps/Software Business Tech Internet Car Tech Security Apple Google Microsoft Science Space Robotics Energy Earth/Environment Animals Material Science Ancient Health Healthy Living/Wellness Medicine Public Health Biotech Neuroscience Culture Movies/TV Shows Video Games Comic Books Life & Style Features Tech Science Health Culture Advertisement facebook twitter reddit Comment google+ linkedin Email What's app digg Surface Pro 4 Firmware Update Improves Battery Life, Optimizes Touch Functionality, And More 28 May 2017, 7:35 am EDT By Andrew Norman Tech Times WATCH RELATED VIDEO Computer Technology - How Laptops, Personal Computers And Tablets Are Changing The WorldNow Playing Microsoft - Here's What You Didn't KnowNow Playing Submit Microsoft rolled out a system update for its Surface Pro 4 laptop-tablet hybrid. The update not only improves the device’s stability and touch functionality, but also enhances the Surface Pro 4’s battery life when it is in Sleep Mode.  ( Microsoft ) Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 is set to get a massive maintenance update. The company tweaked the sleep and hibernation modes to improve the device's battery life, as well as enhance the system's stability. The Surface Pro 4's firmware update also improves the device's brightness control and system functionality. During the Windows 10 OS' unveiling, Microsoft promised that it would roll out regular firmware updates for its software and hardware platforms. The arrival of the Surface Pro 4's update evidences that the Redmond-based has stayed true to its word. Surface Pro 4 Update Improves Battery Life On Thursday, May 25, Microsoft rolled out the firmware update for its Surface Pro 4 2-in-1 device. The Surface Pro 4 firmware update comes inclusive of features such as Intel Precise Touch Device, Surface System Aggregator Firmware, and Surface Integration drivers. These features were introduced and released in April this year for all Microsoft devices running on Windows 10 version 1703 (Creators Update).The features are currently available for Windows 10 Version 1511 (November Update) and also Windows 10 Version 1607 (Anniversary Update). Apart from these inclusions, Microsoft's Surface team also upgraded the drivers for the Surface Touch Servicing ML, Surface Embedded Controller Firmware, Surface UEFI, and Surface Touch. These drivers were updated to fix screen brightness problems when the device wakes up from the Sleep Mode. Apart from the enhancement in the touch functionality, the Surface Pro 4 firmware update will also improve the brightness settings, adjust the hibernation defaults, make the device more stable to extend battery life during sleep, and disable the touch functionality when the laptop's cover is closed. Surface Pro 4 Firmware Update: What Does It Bring? The new Surface Pro 4 update brings a Microsoft driver upgrade for Surface Embedded Controller Firmware (103.1684.256.0), which will enhance the battery capacity of the device while the Surface Pro 4 is on Sleep Mode. The Intel Corporation driver update for Intel (R) Precise Touch Device with build number 1.2.0.83 is also available for the Surface Pro 4. This update not only enhances the device stability, but also disables the touch functionality when the cover is closed. The Surface driver update with firmware version 1.0.121.0 for Surface Integration fine-tunes the system's Hibernation defaults. The Microsoft driver update for Surface Touch Servicing ML updates the touch functionality. This system upgrade comes with the version number 1.0.724.0. The Surface System Aggregator update resolves screen brightness problems when device wakes up from the Sleep Mode. The Surface UEFI driver update with firmware version 106.1624.768.0 and Surface Touch Microsoft Driver update (57.1.1.1 ) aim to optimize touch functionality. "When Surface updates are provided via the Windows Update service, they are delivered in stages to Surface customers. As a result, not every Surface will receive the update at the same time, but the update will be delivered to all devices," Microsoft notes. A Surface Pro 4 user can download the firmware update from the Microsoft Windows Update page. However, one must ensure that the Surface Pro 4 is running on Windows 10 OS as these drivers and firmware are only compatible with the Windows 10 platform. TAG Microsoft, Surface Pro 4, Battery Life, Sleep Mode, Surface Pro 4 Update © 2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Advertisement Related Articles Microsoft's New Surface Pro vs. Surface Pro 4: Specs And Features Compared Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Successor's Press Renders Leak, But It's Not Surface Pro 5 4 Reasons Why We'll Choose The Surface Pro 4 Over The Microsoft Surface Laptop Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 vs Microsoft Surface Pro 4: Specs, Price, And More Compared Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Image Leaks: Is The Surface Pro 4 Successor Launching Soon? From Our Sponsor How To Shop Smart: 5 Characteristics Of A Smart Shopper You may love shopping, you may be a bargain hunter....but are you a smart shopper? SPONSORED BY Packsize Advertisement Love Tech Times? Let's Keep in Touch! Sign up for our email newsletter today. Tech Times' biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. By clicking on 'Submit' button above, you confirm that you accept Tech Times Terms & Conditions Most Popular 1 Microsoft Microsoft Accidentally Releases Windows Update That Bricks Devices: Is There A Fix? 2 Apple Apple Taps Freelancers To Help Improve Accuracy Of Apple Maps: Can It Catch Up To Google Maps? 3 Space Ancient Lake On Gale Crater Had Varied Oxygen Levels Across Depths: What This Tells About Life On Mars 4 Earth/Environment Oceanfloor Craters Hint Of Potential Arctic Methane Explosions In The Future 5 Gadgets Alexa Is Getting Better As Amazon Brings New Timer And Reminder Features 6 Security Password Manager OneLogin Hacked: Attacker May Also Have Acquired A Way To Unlock Encrypted Data 7 Public Health Doctors Warn About Putting Wasp Nest In Vagina: Here's Why Some Women Do It 8 Phones/Tablets/Mobile Tech Unlocked Versions Of The Samsung Galaxy S8, BlackBerry KeyOne Now Available 9 Space Bigelow Aerospace CEO Believes UFOs Visit Earth: Here's His Proof Aliens Exist 10 Public Health Hot And Cold Water Are Equally Effective In Removing Bacteria: Study EDITOR'S PICKS Watch Video Of Newborn Baby Who Tried To Walk Immediately After Birth Do Fathers Treat Daughters Better Than Sons? Study Shows Differences In How Dads Treat Children Judy Malware Infects Up To 36.5 Million Android Devices: Here Are Some Tips To Stay Safe Online Lack Of Sleep Can Cause Brain To Cannibalize Itself: Here Are Signs That You Are Sleep Deprived Oceanfloor Craters Hint Of Potential Arctic Methane Explosions In The Future ESO Begins Construction Of Telescope Big Enough To Find Alien Life Privately-Owned Moon Dust Could Fetch $4 Million At Auction Number 1 Enemy Of Bees: This Parasite Transmits Viruses That Kill Honeybee Colonies Ancient Lake On Gale Crater Had Varied Oxygen Levels Across Depths: What This Tells About Life On Mars TechScienceHealthCultureReviewsFeaturesVideosArchives About Us | Contact Us | Content Licensing | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Media Kit | BrandSpin © 2017 TechTimes Inc. All rights reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Tech Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Israel’s tech startups are giving Silicon Valley a run for its money By Ed Zwirn View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 28, 2017 | 1:12am | Updated May 29, 2017 | 3:07pm Modal Trigger The high-tech business area of Tel Aviv, Israel. Reuters More On: israel Trump's postponed promise on Israel Linda Sarsour's commencement speech sparks small protest Dems' problem is with the working class, empty climate promises & other comments Team Trump holds off on moving embassy to Jerusalem Wondering where to find the next tech startup propelling humanity to the next best thing? Israel’s answer to Silicon Valley is Silicon Wadi, an area around Tel Aviv on the country’s coastal plain with a heavy concentration of high-tech industries that rivals the San Francisco Bay Area’s cluster of innovative firms. There are about 4,300 startups operating in Israel, with about 2,900 of these located within a 10-mile radius, a rate of development second in intensity to only Silicon Valley itself. Even as President Trump was meeting with the Israeli political elite on the Jerusalem leg of his first foreign trip, a huge slice of that country’s brain trust was gathered in Midtown Manhattan to explore the reasons behind this tech wave and showcase some of the developments that have enabled this small country to punch above its weight. Or maybe jumping would be a more apt metaphor. “The cat flea has the ability to jump almost 200 times its height,” Oded Shoseyov, a professor of protein engineering and nano biotechnology at Hebrew University of Jerusalem, told the crowd at Nexus: Israel, a gathering sponsored by the American Friends of Hebrew University. Shoseyov, who has his name on more than 50 patents and has served as the scientific founder of 10 companies specializing in everything from nanotechnology to production of medical cannabis, says one of the most exciting scientific quests is understanding the jumping power of the flea. That and other marvels of nature are helping spark solutions to real-world challenges faced by humans. CollPlant, one of the companies he helped found, is attempting to bioengineer solutions to these problems by cloning human DNA onto tobacco plants. “I have no doubt that we’ll be able to produce a human heart in the laboratory,” he says. “This heart is not going to be the same as a human heart, it’s going to be better.” One of the more established players in both Silicon Valley and its Middle Eastern rival is Intel Corp., which set up a research and production operation in Israel in 1972. Intel Israel has since grown to the point where it has become Israel’s largest private employer, with more than 10,200 workers on its payroll as of last year. According to Maxine Fassberg, executive in residence and vice president of Intel Capital, the company exported $3.35 billion of chips and other products from Israel last year, accounting for 1 percent to 2 percent of the country’s GDP. In addition to the tech developments fostered by Intel, Fassberg credits both Israel’s defense sector and its academia for propelling this development. “The bottom line is the people and the quality of the education there,” she says. For his part, Dr. Yaron Daniely, chief executive of Yissum, Hebrew University’s technology transfer arm, and himself the driving force behind many Israeli developments in medical technology, credits the amazing performance of Israeli R&D to “chutzpah,” shown in the willingness of the country’s scientists and entrepreneurs to take on risk. “Exceptional people exist everywhere who are more creative than others, but that doesn’t guarantee success,” he points out. “We were arrogant Israelis. We didn’t think that we were stupid.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under israel ,  patents ,  silicon valley ,  tel aviv Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Jeff Bezos does the unthinkable with new Amazon book store Read Next Jeff Bezos does the unthinkable with new Amazon book store Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 194,639 Mary Kay Letourneau's husband: We only split so I could sell pot 87,987 'Kushnergate' is a big fat nothing-burger 37,594 Doctors warn women against putting wasp nests in their vaginas Now On Ariana Grande rocks ‘One Love Manchester’ benefit concert Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School Rev. Al Sharpton continues to slam Bill Maher over N-word SEE ALL Video Alleged thief arrested after narrating his getaway on Facebook Live Now On 10 Shocking Stories Behind Famous Sex Scenes SEE ALL More Stories page six Katie Holmes enrolls at Harvard Business School Now On Decider The 12 Best Movies Coming To Netflix: June 2017 nypost Mary Kay Letourneau's husband: We only split so I could sell pot New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Digital Trends Samsung Galaxy Book 12 review Samsung's Galaxy Book aims for the stars, but barely breaks orbit Share The Galaxy Book’s display is out of this world, but its battery life and keyboard keep it grounded. The Galaxy Book’s display is out of this world, but its battery life and keyboard keep it grounded. The Galaxy Book’s display is out of this world, but its battery life and keyboard keep it grounded. Highs Thin and light OLED display looks beautiful Clear, loud speakers Solid processor performance Lows Awkward keyboard cover Lacks built-in stand Poor battery life DT Editors' Rating 6.0 Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Laptop Reviews > Samsung Galaxy Book 12 review By Brad Bourque Posted on 05.26.17 Research Center: Samsung Galaxy Book Over the last few years, 2-in-1 and hybrid systems have gone a from clumsy pipe-dream to something of a creative outlet for normally stodgy computer makers. It’s also given traditionally smartphone-centric brands like Samsung and LG an entry point into the computing market, by leveraging existing skills building tablets. Samsung’s previous attempt, the TabPro S, was alright. Its awkward design didn’t sit right with laptop users, but the Super AMOLED screen looked great. Samsung’s Chromebook Pro and Plus improved on the formula, but without Windows 10, they focused on budget buyers instead of competing with the Surface Pro 4. The Galaxy Book hits the reset button on Samsung’s 2-in-1 line, with Windows 10, two size options, Intel Core i5 processors, and an improved Super AMOLED screens that promise deep black levels and unmatched contrast. Pricing starts at $1,130 for the 12-inch version, which has 4GB of RAM and a 128GB solid state drive. Our review unit, upgraded to 8GB of RAM and a 256GB SSD, retails for $1,330. Is the Galaxy Book a new beginning for Samsung’s PC ambitions? Let’s find out. Unbearably light There are two distinct pieces to Samsung’s Galaxy Book — the tablet, and the detachable keyboard. The tablet itself shows off Samsung’s strong points, with a design language lifted directly off its Galaxy smartphone line. It has sleek, rounded edges, and a medium-dark silver color that users may recognize from the Chromebook Plus. It’s light enough to work well as a tablet, with a texture that doesn’t slip, although the buttons on the upper left aren’t exactly convenient. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The trade-off is that the Galaxy Book is so very, very light, it doesn’t feel like a sturdy system. There’s no panel flex, and there are no major gaps to speak of, but the Competiting Surface Pro keeps its weight below two pounds as well, and feels a lot more premium than the Galaxy Book. The shape is also very nondescript – which will work for some people. Both systems suffer the same issues when used as a laptop. The Galaxy Book has a folio keyboard, so it wraps around the system like a hot dog bun, with magnetic points on the cover to stick to magnetic points on the tablet. Propping up the screen means scooting the back cover down to one of several points, as opposed to the kickstand on the Surface Pro, which adjustable to any position along its range of motion. While neither system sits well on your lap, the Galaxy Book takes up gobs of space, which makes it particularly hard to use in tight quarters. A few good ports The Galaxy Book has a pair of USB Type-C ports, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. That’s a common set of configurations for the category, and even beats out the new Surface Pro, which only boats a Type-A USB Port. The Galaxy Book charges over either of its Type-C ports, where the Surface’s magnetic power connection pops right out if someone trips on the cable. There are advantages on both sides, but the Galaxy Book certainly has the better set of wired plugs. For wireless connections, the Galaxy Book packs in 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.2, and optional LTE. Feeling awkward As we mentioned above, the Galaxy Book’s detachable keyboard and touchpad don’t set the bar high for sturdiness and space. Despite a physical connection to the system, we often saw lag in keyboard and trackpad response after the system was sitting idle for a short time. It didn’t take long, and even during our screen testing, we had issues when we didn’t touch either input for less than 30 seconds. It’s a minor inconvenience, but also one that shouldn’t exist. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends The keys themselves have solid travel, with a soft, linear action that will appeal to laptop users looking for something light for occasional typing. It’s backlit, as well, with three different color settings that illuminate the characters, and the keycaps around them, in a bluish off-white. Active stylus support is the saving grace for the so-far-troubled Galaxy Book. The pen provides a sharp, responsive writing experience, although its’ drawings capabilities don’t quite match the sensitivity levels provided by the Surface Pen and PixelSense display. The pen writes a familiar story. On its own, it feels comfortable and light, if not on the small side. It writes well, and Samsung’s handwriting wizardry is sharp and reliable. Sitting next to the Surface Pen, the difference is evident immediately. The Surface Pen’s sturdy, barrel-shaped design feels excellent in hand, writes and draws beautifully, and has a real button and eraser, where the Galaxy Pen only has a side button. Movie and music machine Finally, the Galaxy Book has its moment in the sun. Samsung’s displays have always been a strong point for the brand, and it was one of the first manufacturers to put OLED displays into laptops. Organic LEDs create their own light when powered, so there’s no glow in the dark areas of the screen, resulting in perfectly flat black levels. No, the number isn’t a mistake — the Samsung really did hit a contrast ratio above 300,000:1, thanks to the perfect black levels provided by its Super AMOLED panel. It dunked on the Surface Pro 4, which boasted one of the best contrast ratios we’ve seen from a non-OLED screen at just over 1,000:1. The Surface Pro 4 must backlight the whole screen all the time, so even a completely black screen still has some brightness to it, where the Samsung has none. Color accuracy was nothing to write home about, but that’s typically only important to those designing design or production work. The Samsung makes up for it by covering a whopping 99 percent of the AdobeRGB spectrum, a quality we’re only used to seeing in high-end desktop monitors, and the very best laptop screens. The screen is a joy in everyday use. Not only does the screen score exceptionally well in almost all our tests, it’s a joy in everyday use. Deep black levels are incredibly important when it comes to image quality and immersion, because they allow greater sense of depth, and greater detail in shadows. A simple, black jacket is the perfect example. Most laptops and 2-in-1s will display the jacket as dark grey, with little detail in the fabric. On the Samsung Galaxy Book 12, however, the jacket looked dark as night, and showed fine detail in the fabric’s texture. That makes Samsung’s device a superb choice for movies. The Galaxy Book also manages to pack in some serious speakers for its size. Even at full volume, they produce loud, clear sound, with just a hint of distortion, something we’re not used to hearing from laptops in general, let alone a 12-inch 2-in-1. Bass is lacking, but we don’t expect great subwoofers in any laptop, even massive gaming machines. Ready to sprint Our review unit packed in the Core i5-7200U with 8GB of RAM, a step up from the 4GB of RAM found in the base 12-inch model. It’s bound to perform much better than the Core M chips that are becoming more common, but is far from a powerhouse. Compared to similar systems, the Galaxy Book holds its own performance-wise. Granted, these are all a far cry from the sort of performance we see from higher-end laptops, but power tends to take a backseat to versatility and portability with 2-in-1s — a solid trade, if it’s fair on both sides. None of them are built for encoding video, so the slow times on the 4K conversion test shouldn’t be a major concern. In everyday use, the Galaxy Book didn’t feel sluggish or unresponsive, which becomes the more pertinent question at this end of the performance spectrum. Snappy performance and fast boot times are critical, and the Galaxy Book 12 did not disappoint. Just an SSD The SSD in our review unit had 256GB of capacity, which is the other half of the upgrade from the base 12-inch model. The drive connects over the usual SATA standard. Some systems are moving towards the PCIe connection, which has performance benefits. While Samsung’s read and write speeds were competitive, both the HP EliteBook and Surface Pro 4 beat them handily, thanks to their use of the faster PCIe connection. The Surface Pro 4 is a middle ground, with faster read speeds, but write speeds that fall in line with the Galaxy Book. Given the price, we feel giving the Galaxy Book 12 a PCIe drive would’ve been the right call. It’s ironic, actually – Samsung itself produces some of the best solid state drives, but its 2-in-1 falls behind competitors in this area. Game off We have yet to see a 2-in-1 with any sort of graphical power, and the Galaxy Book is no different. Its Intel HD 620 integrated GPU is fine for 2D games and HD movies, but lacks the sort of power, and driver support, needed for modern 3D titles. The 3DMark scores of the competitors fell close to each other, but were all well short of even the most basic dedicated GPU options found in larger systems. Not that we expect anywhere near that sort of performance, particularly in smaller, portable machines like the Surface Pro and Galaxy Book. Its benchmark performance didn’t give us confidence in the Galaxy Book’s gaming prowess, and a quick test run in Sid Meier’s Civilization VI only confirmed that. The game ran at just over 10 frames per second on average at 1080p, with 2X MSAA on, and both sliders set to medium. At Ultra, it went from moderately unplayable to a complete slideshow, at five frames per second. It might be able to play the odd round of Hearthstone, but if your first question is “can it game?” it’s unlikely you’ll be satisfied with the answer. Compact size, compact battery Coming in under two pounds, the Galaxy Book is exceptionally compact. It folds up neatly, and its small footprint means it shouldn’t have any issue fitting into a small back or laptop backpack. That’s only half the story. The other half is battery life, an area where 2-in-1s don’t just need to be average, they need to be excellent. It’s one of the main draws in a lightweight laptop, and the Galaxy Book does fine, but that’s about the nicest we can say. It falls behind the Elitebook G2 in longevity in all but the video playback loop, where both systems lasted just over 12 hours. Both Peacekeeper and a web browsing loop drained the Galaxy Book’s battery in less than five hours, well short of the Elitebook. The Microsoft Surface Pro 4 lasted six hours, 26 minutes in the Peacekeeper test – and its hardware is several generations older. We’ve not yet tested the battery life of the new Surface Pro. We previously hoped that OLED screens would improve battery life, but in practice, that’s only been the case in certain situations. That said, the Galaxy Book packs plenty of battery life for a mixed workload, although you may still want to bring a charger to the office. Ditch the screensaver Samsung has kept its Windows 10 installation clean for the most part, although there were certainly some oddities right out of the box. For one, Samsung still insists on using a screensaver, which is just the default cheesy spinning text. As Microsoft has moved almost every system setting into the new Settings pane, screensaver options were left in the old dialogue menu, so turning it off requires a few steps. Samsung Galaxy Book Compared To Samsung Chromebook Pro Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Acer Spin 7 Lenovo Yoga Book Samsung Notebook 7 spin Dell Inspiron 17 7000 2-in-1 (2016) Acer Switch Alpha 12 Huawei Matebook Lenovo Yoga 3 Pro Lenovo Yoga 2 Pro Dell XPS 12 (2013) Lenovo ThinkPad Helix Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon Touch Lenovo IdeaPad Yoga 13 Apart from that, there’s no extra bloatware to speak of. Samsung includes a settings panel, but it rolls everything esoteric about the machine into one simple application, including screen options, keyboard and stylus options, and even customer support and warranty links. If manufacturers must include such a menu, that’s the way we prefer they do it. Warranty Samsung’s one year limited warranty on the Galaxy Book is typical of the category. Our Take Samsung’s Galaxy Book 12 aims squarely at Microsoft’s Surface Pro and similar 2-in-1s, and it lands at least one hit – display quality. For some users, the OLED screen will be the killer feature, and admittedly, there’s a lot of appeal to a system that makes watching movies and music videos an absolute pleasure. Yet you might not watch for long, because the tablet’s battery life is a sore spot. Is there a better alternative? Yes. In fact, that’s the Samsung’s biggest issue. It seems appealing at a glance, but loses when set next to the cheaper, more refined Surface Pro. HP’s EliteBook x360 G2 is more expensive, but has one of our favorite laptop keyboards and killer performance. There’s no shortage of competitive 2-in-1s, which means Samsung must really kill it to make a name for itself. The Galaxy Book doesn’t go far enough. How long will it last? Samsung’s adoption of cutting edge tech is limited to the Super AMOLED screen and active stylus support. It’s unlikely any major new features will come to the category in the next few years, and a full-power SSD also helps this system go the distance. Whether it will physically hold up is a question only time can answer, but that keyboard may need a replacement after a couple years. Should you buy it? No, unless the Galaxy Book will spend most its life playing movies. It’s not that the Galaxy Book is a bad option – but there are better options for a lower price.
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Our Report covers Major Patent Troller Uniloc Filing 3 Lawsuits against Apple and a Video taking a Peek at the 'Patent Scam' Industry | Main | Sharp's Future U.S. Plant will make Smartphone Displays in Addition to Specialized Displays for Boeing and Beyond » May 27, 2017 Major Tech & Industrial Companies Race to Acquire AI Startups as the AI Revolution Draws Nigh   It was just yesterday that we posted a report titled "Apple's advances in AI Continue to Surface at a Record Pace as news of a 'Neural Engine' Chip now Emerges." Two weeks ago we posted a report titled "AI Wars are almost reaching Fever Pitch with new Home Devices and Apple Fans look to WWDC 2017 for Apple's Response." One of Reuters latest reports makes the same point about the activity surrounding AI in the tech sector.   A new Reuters report quotes a statement by research firm CB Insights about the AI frenzy: "A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc's Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel respectively."   The companies noted in the report declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company's recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data.   Apple is focused mainly on the retail/consumer sector while AI is ripping through all sectors of technology. Nvidia's Tesla P100 AI GPU was just adopted by IBM who see's this GPU as a game changer for the AI revolution.   Intel is going full tilt into into AI and made one of their largest acquisitions ever to gain Israel's Mobileye for autonomous vehicles. And the Reuters report today points to Ford Motor spending a billion dollars on Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams ag Google and Uber Technologies.   Large acquisitions aside, Apple never talks about their plans or projects. We know for a fact that they have a Project Titan team resides in Ottawa Canada in an industrial park that houses a research team from BlackBerry developing an autonomous vehicle OS and Apple is hiring as many of BlackBerry engineers that they can for their carOS efforts. You can't be developing an carOS for autonomous vehicles without a connection to AI. So while we don't know at what stage Apple is at, it's assured that one of their AI projects is related to Project Titan. One of their major AI acquisitions was Vocal IQ, a company that had a major focus on a digital assistant designed for the autonomous car.   I remember the unveiling of Apple's iPhone in 2007 which set off the mobile revolution which was an amazing time to see unfold. The AI revolution is not yet here. All we see is the preparation for the AI revolution, but for now it's just tiny baby steps coming to market in the form of Home devices and elementary digital assistants.   So many industries are banking on the coming 5G networks to help ignite the revolution and that's only three years away. So time will tell if that's when the starting gun for the AI Revolution truly fires.Yet whenever it does, we'll get to behold one of the most interesting times in history unfold. The AI revolution will of course dwarf the mobile revolution in shear scope covering every major market sector from the consumer, to the enterprise, to vehicles, to home automation, robotics and far beyond. It's a wonderful time to be alive.  For more on this, read the new Reuters report titled "Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build AI smarts."   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.       Posted by Jack Purcher on May 27, 2017 at 12:07 PM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments The comments to this entry are closed. Search Recent Posts Samsung Patent Reveals Next-Gen Gear VR Headset with Multiple new Features, Major Accessories & Applications Apple wins Design Patents for Siri Icons in China and EU Confirming that Siri will Work with Future Smart Glasses AI-Industry Insiders: Apple's new Siri Device will take a Different Path to Market than Amazon's Alexa In an Effort to hurt iPhone 8 Sales in Korea, Samsung Plans to Flood the Local market with Refurbished Note 7s The Tech World will be glued to Apple's WWDC Keynote looking for their Response to the Smart Home Speaker Device Craze Micro-LED Displays and new Flexible Fuel Cells on the Horizon may see Portable Devices go Days without Charging Apple Announces that Swift Playgrounds Expands Coding Education to Robots, Drones and Musical Instruments HP and Others announce new Mobile 2-in-1 Devices with ARM Processors, Windows 10 & Always-On Connectivity Sony Limits their Image Sensor Capacity to Give Apple and Three Chinese OEMs Priority for Image Sensors Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Systems Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS CPUs Intel Computex 2017 X299 Skylake-X GPUs Core i9 AMD Mobile Home> Systems Dell Launches 'VR Ready' XPS 27 AIO: 4K, Core i7-7700, Radeon RX 570, 10 Speakers by Anton Shilov on May 27, 2017 11:00 AM EST Posted in Systems Dell AMD Intel AIO VR Kaby Lake Desktop Polaris XPS 27 29 Comments | Add A Comment 29 Comments + Add A Comment Dell has launched a new version of their XPS 27 all-in-one gaming PC. The VR Ready flavor of the XPS 27 has the same 4K display and the same 10-speaker audio sub-system as the latest iteration of the large XPS AIO, but is powered by a more powerful CPU from Intel along with AMD’s discrete Radeon RX 570 graphics board. AIO PCs have existed for decades, with their continued popularity fueled by their compact, desk-sized footprint. In the recent years demand for higher performance and even gaming-grade all-in-ones increased noticeably, and manufacturers started to offer AIOs with rather powerful hardware. In fact, in early 2016 several PC makers even introduced Mini-ITX-based AIOs with top-of-the-range discrete graphics cards aiming at customers seeking for maximum performance. Dell’s new XPS 27 with the VR Ready badge are designed for gamers with average requirements for performance. The systems are still considerably more powerful than their predecessors launched earlier this year are because they do not use integrated or mobile graphics, but rely on AMD’s Radeon RX 570 (2048 stream processors, 128 texture units, 32 ROPs, 256-bit memory bus, etc.) graphics adapter with 8 GB of memory. Meanwhile, the key feature of the latest XPS 27 remained intact: the audio sub-system with 10 speakers (six on the front, two down firing and two radiating) designed to enable surround sound without using bulky external audio equipment. The VR Ready versions of the Dell XPS 27 are based on Intel’s Core i7-7700 CPU as well as the H170 PCH. By default, the systems are equipped with 16 GB of DDR4-2133 memory, but that is upgradeable to 64 GB. As for storage, the PCs have one M.2 slot (PCIe 3.0 x4) as well as two 2.5” bays for HDDs or SSDs, all accessible to the end user. When it comes to connectivity, the Dell XPS 27 feature 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.x, a GbE port, five USB 3.0 Type-A headers, one HDMI output, one DisplayPort 1.2, two Thunderbolt 3 ports (USB Type-C), an SD/MMC card reader, a 720p webcam with an IR sensor for facial recognition, a microphone and so on. Overall, there are plenty of ports to plug-in additional peripherals, including various VR gear. Dell XPS 27 7760 'VR-Ready' Specifications   Non-Touch Touch-Enabled Display 27" IPS with 3840×2160 resolution 1.07 billion colors, 100% Adobe RGB, 350-nit brightness CPU Intel Core i7-7700 4C/8T, 3.6/4.2 GHz 8 MB cache 65 W PCH Intel H170 Graphics AMD Radeon RX 570 with 8 GB of GDDR5 2048 stream processors, 128 texture units, 32 ROPs, 256-bit memory bus Memory  16 GB of DDR4-2133 (four slots in total, upgradeable to 64 GB) Storage 2 TB HDD 32 GB caching SSD (M.2) 512 GB SSD (PCIe 3.0 x4) Wi-Fi IEEE 802.11ac Wi-Fi + BT 4.x Ethernet GbE Display Outputs 1 × HDMI 1 × DP 1.2 Audio 10 speakers 1 × audio out USB 5 × USB 3.0 Type-A (5 Gbps, one supports PowerShare) 2 × Thunderbolt 3 (USB Type-C) Other I/O 720p webcam with RGB and IR sensors SD/MMC card reader Dimensions 625 mm / 24.6" × 435 mm / 17.1" × 80 mm / 3.16" Stand regular articulating stand OS Windows 10 Home Windows 10 Home or Pro All Dell XPS 27 AIO PCs are constructed of CNC-machined aluminum and come with UltraSharp displays with a 4K (3840×2160) resolution. Meanwhile, computers with touch-enabled screens also feature articulating stands for added convenience. The stand comes at an extra cost, so some gamers may prefer to install a larger SSD and/or more memory and skip the touch option. At present Dell offers two versions of the VR Ready XPS 27 featuring Intel’s Core i7-7700 CPU and AMD’s Radeon RX 570 GPU, but different storage configurations and touch support. The model with a 2 TB HDD and 32 GB caching SSD costs $1999.99, whereas the model with a 512 GB PCIe SSD, a touchscreen display with articulating stand and optional Windows 10 Pro comes at $2,649.99. Gallery: Dell XPS 27 7760 'VR-Ready' Related Reading: ASUS Launches the Zen AiO ZN270IE: A 27-inch Full HD Core i7 All-In-One ASUS Designo Curve MX34VQ Incoming: 34" Ultrawide Curved Display with Qi Charging The Microsoft Surface Studio Review Microsoft Announces the Surface Studio: 28-inch AIO with Touch, Pen, 4500x3000, Skylake, GTX 980M CES 2016: 34-inch 3440x1440 AIO Hands-On at GIGABYTE Source: Dell Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 29 Comments View All Comments tipoo - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link Doesn't look too bad! What I would change is the sparse 32GB SSD cache in the 2000 dollar model, had it been a 128GB cache (like the Surface Studio or 2TB Fusion Drive) it would be ok to have a rust drive in there. Reply frostyfiredude - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link At that size, maybe its Optane? One can hope anyway. Reply tipoo - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link For the vast majority of uses, 5x the NAND for the same cost as optane would be better though. Reply ddriver - Monday, May 29, 2017 - link Hypetane is so good that intel has to spam people with it, by bundling it with other products. Populating a slot with it would be a waste of the slot and PCIE lanes. It wouldn't really do much good to a gamer, unless he plays a single tame, and it is small enough to fit. Also, it would have been nice if the touch version had some stylus support. For that kind of money it would have added value for particular markets. As it is the value is kinda low for what you get for the money. Reply milkywayer - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link Any idea if I can get that keyboard separately? Reply twtech - Monday, May 29, 2017 - link If I'm not mistaken, that looks like the standard Dell $5 keyboard. I'd sell you the one they sent me with my workstation, but if you do much typing at all, I doubt you really want it. It's not even good by rubber dome standards - mushy keys. Reply DanNeely - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link Are those speaker ports on the front bezel or just go faster holes? Reply WinterCharm - Saturday, May 27, 2017 - link speakers. Reply tipoo - Sunday, May 28, 2017 - link Those are 6 of the 10 speakers Reply geekman1024 - Monday, May 29, 2017 - link I'm not an audiophile, so I have to ask, Is there a point of have 6/10 of the speakers place so closed together? From what I experienced, as an ordinary speaker user, It's not even be able to offer good stereo positioning if speakers are put so closed together. Reply 1 2 3 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News MSI Shows Off GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X Card with USB Type-C Port Thecus Announces $130 and $200 Entry-Level NASes For Home Users AMD Announces Radeon Pro WX 3100 & WX 2100: Entry-Level Polaris Pro Cards Motorola Announces the Moto Z² Play MSI Demos Prototype Hybrid Storage Card: M.2 & 2.5” SATA on a PCIe Card Zotac Unveils 2017 ZBox Magnus SFF Gaming PCs: Powered By Intel Core & AMD Ryzen Antec Reveals Two New PSU Lines: HCG Pro Gold & HCG Pro Bronze Samsung Announces Notebook 9 Pro 2-in-1, Includes S Pen Stylus Raijintek Announces Four New PSU Lines Zotac Showcases Mini GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Video Cards Plextor Announces M9Pe SSD: 3.1 GB/s, Marvell Controller, 64-Layer 3D TLC, RGB LEDs FSP Demonstrates Hydro PTM+ 1200 W: a Liquid-Cooled PSU with RGB LEDs TWEETS IanCutress: @DTheSleepless Plus only in a public forum. A private forum, such as social media or on someone else's property, can have limits IanCutress: Acer wouldn't let me look inside. They said there was nothing to see. I disagree. https://t.co/jTKdzrpyJL IanCutress: Rustic. Open to the elements for 5+ years https://t.co/t1DLZkzdeD IanCutress: This is a great summary from @linusgsebastian on the new platform and some of the issues facing market segmentation… https://t.co/gqIED5RMyk IanCutress: Getting tea in Maokong with @tekwendell https://t.co/0QFdRIzb0t RyanSmithAT: @IanCutress I don't know what the question is, but good answer! RyanSmithAT: @bwDraco @anandtech @tomshardware We don't know for sure. But right now that's looking like a very safe bet. RyanSmithAT: @MindCanon @anandtech Indeed it's not. Though to be clear, that passage was referring to their CES announcements fr… https://t.co/vhqiTxUdSM RyanSmithAT: @jasonelmore @anandtech It's correct. Intel is requiring you to buy the $999 CPU to get 44 PCIe lanes RyanSmithAT: @BrettHowse Still better than #howseproblems, I reckon... ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson Particular choice depends on needed feature set. Syno can enable 'privately hosted' G-Suite/Slack 'replacement' Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
  Guru3D.com Forums > Hardware > Processors and motherboards AMD Another which Ryzen to buy User Name Remember Me? Password Processors and motherboards AMD Got a Phenom, FX or AMD APU based system or the means to buy one? You can discuss it in here! Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Another which Ryzen to buy   (#1) germz1986 Newbie   Videocard: EVGA GTX 970 SSC Processor: Ryzen 1600X Mainboard: MSI X370 Pro carbon Memory: G.Skill 16gb 3200 Soundcard: Onboard Realtek PSU: XFX 850 Another which Ryzen to buy - 05-27-2017, 00:05 | posts: 9 Hey all, I had an older intel system. Xeon X5670 @ 4.4ghz DDR3 @ 1600 7-8-7 GTX 970 I am wanting to go Ryzen, but I am undecided on whether to buy a 1600x or a 1700/x. I have a new 4k monitor, and use the pc for: Netflix/Hulu/Youtubes Browsing Gaming (Diablo3, Forza Horizon 3, and some others,) FH3 is the most demanding game i play currently I multitask a bit, always have a browser open with couple of tabs on 2nd monitor while gaming. The 6 core xeon was usually enough for this, except for FH3, and honestly the 970 doesnt cut it for that game @4k either. But gfx upgrade will wait until Pascal2 So....Which Ryzen do I buy, I will likely hold onto the system 4+ years. I WILL be ocing the cpu, I have an open loop with a tripple 120 rad and a MCP655 pump. Will be buying an EK supremacy EVO for the AMD chip.     germz1986 View Public Profile Find all posts by germz1986     (#2) sverek Maha Guru     Videocard: MSI GTX970 4G Processor: i5 2500k Mainboard: P8Z68-V Memory: Corsair Ven. 8GB Soundcard: XonarDG+HD595 PSU: Corsair HX850 05-27-2017, 02:31 | posts: 2,702 | Location: Ibaraki, Japan 1700 and good cooler. OC it if more power needed. 8 cores should be minimum for your upgrade. AMD will release Ryzen 9 soon with even more cores. I would strongly recommend to wait and see how ryzen 9 plays out. 10 / 12 cores might be more appealing for you.     sverek View Public Profile Find all posts by sverek « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip World   A British Airways A380 makes it approach to land at Heathrow airport in London, Britain March 17, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls    U.S. May Ban Carry-On Laptops For All International Flights Ted Goodman 6:19 PM 05/28/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Department of Homeland Security (DHS) Secretary John Kelly said Sunday that he is considering expanding the laptop ban to include all international flights. “Are you going to ban laptops from the cabin on all international flights both into and out of the U.S.?” Fox News Sunday’s host Chris Wallace asked Kelly. “I might. That’s a quick answer,” Kelly responded. Kelly told Wallace that terrorists are obsessed with the idea of knocking down an airplane in mid-flight, especially if it’s a U.S. carrier full of Americans. He would not say when a decision on expanding the ban would be made, but told Wallace that he would follow the intelligence. “The very, very good news is that we are working incredibly close with friends and partners around the world,” Kelly said. “There’s new technologies down the road, not too far down the road, that we will rely on,” Kelly told Wallace. “But it is a real sophisticated threat and I will reserve that decision until we see where it’s going.” DHS implemented restrictions on electronic devices larger than a cell phone on board aircraft flying into the United States from 10 airports located in eight majority-Muslim countries in late March. (RELATED: DHS: Airline Electronics Ban Based On New Intel) The decision to implement the policy in March came after new intelligence indicated that terrorist groups have “intensified” attempts to attack flights mid-air. “Our information indicates that terrorist groups’ efforts to execute an attack against the aviation sector are intensifying,” DHS said in a March 21 press release. While rumors swirled that DHS was considering an expansion of the ban to include flights from the European Union (EU), officials seemed to push back on that notion during talks in mid-May. During a May 17 meeting between the EU and DHS officials, they reached an agreement to take the ban “off the table for now,” according to the Associated Press. They shared details about aviation security standards and agreed to discuss the topic further. “The United States and the European Union reaffirmed their commitment to continue working closely together on aviation security generally, including meeting next week in Washington D.C. to further assess shared risks and solutions for protecting airline passengers, whilst ensuring the smooth functioning of global air travel,” members of the organizations said in a joint statement. The aviation sector is under constant threat from terrorist groups because of the ability to inflict a mass casualty event and the global media attention that follows. Terrorist groups continue to target commercial aviation by “smuggling explosive devices in various consumer products,” according to CNN. Officials cited the 2015 airliner downing in Egypt, the 2016 attempted airliner downing in Somalia, and the 2016 attacks against airports in Brussels and Istanbul as examples of terror-related incidents involving aviation targets. Follow Ted on Twitter Send Tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: DHS, Donald Trump, John Kelly Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature A wealth of splendid 2016-17 games for the lousiest of hardware Home Featured Articles Prey 13 recent games that run well on terrible laptops By Alec Meer on May 25th, 2017 at 5:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit 1 of 14 ‘Terrible’ only in the sense of their gaming capability. Honestly, I’m sure your laptop is lovely to look at and it was definitely a extremely sensible idea to spend all that money on it instead of buying a holiday or helping to save the pandas. Truth is, though, that playing recently-released games on the vast majority of laptops is about as effective as starting an online petition to uncancel your favourite television show. A little discretion goes a long way, however. Sure, you may be denied the glossiest of exploding viscera, but it is entirely possible to keep up with the Joneses even on a Terrible Laptop that has no dedicated graphics card. Here are but twelve contemporary games – either recently released or still-evolving going concerns – that will indeed run on your glammed-up toaster. Additional suggestions below are entirely welcome. The exact definition of a Terrible (for gaming) Laptop clearly differs, but for the sake of argument, my test system has a dual-core cpu that runs at between 1.9 and 2.9GHz depending on load and heat (and thermal throttling to prevent overheat means it’s usually the former figure) and Intel HD 4400 integrated graphics, which borrows memory from the laptop’s 8GB of RAM. Absolutely fine for general purpose computing then, but as useful as a mohawk on a lobster when it comes to games. The Intel graphics on your Terrible Laptop may well have a lower or higher-sounding number than that, but in most cases don’t expect a great deal of variance. In some cases, though you might get excited about the mention of your laptop having AMD or NVIDIA graphics in it, the chip in question could still be so lowly as to offer you few extra options – and, as such, you are still the proud owner of a Terrible Laptop. As for performance, my criteria is a game that looks and feels playable at lowest settings and a resolution of 1280×720. Depending on the exact nature of the game in question and of your own Terrible Laptop, you may be able to go a bit higher than that. Oh, and ‘playable’ here means a minimum of 30 frames per second. Some games, particularly turn-based ones, are absolutely fine at lower than that, but 30 is our benchmark for this piece. Onto the games, anyway. Use the arrow keys above/below the images to navigate the list, or the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 56 Comments 25/05/2017 at 17:06 Ben Damage says: ROCKET LEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAGGGGUE!! Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 criskywalker says: OMG! OMG! OMG! Rocket League is one of the best games ever! You should really play it if you haven’t yet. So amazing. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:34 napoleonic says: I played it for a few hours on its recent free weekend. What’s the point? It’s just random. The ball rolls around the side of the arena with everyone chasing it, and when it passes a goalmouth occasionally it flukes in. I don’t get the appeal. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:48 ZippyLemon says: You have much to learn, young padawan. Log in to Reply 04/06/2017 at 03:45 monojoli says: what is the best game for resolution of 1280×720. Free Run 3 Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:16 theallmightybob says: really… a slide show. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:31 FrumiousBandersnatch says: Yes, i always wonder why they do this. Having all entrys on a single page (or a few pages in case of the really long ones) would be so much better. Must be an advertisement thing. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:35 theallmightybob says: Its honestly not what I’ve come to expect from this site, its just a little surprising. I understand it likely is to improve the article to advert ratio, but its annoying as hell to do to a list… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:20 April March says: I doubt it’s an advertising thing, because it doesn’t reload the page between slides, so they aren’t getting additional views. That or I’m really dumb about how it works. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 11:37 Rack says: They’re almost certainly working on the back end so it will get extra impressions. Just the content was available before the tech was. No-one WANTS the content to be harder to access and less portable. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:06 Chaoslord AJ says: Maybe it’s for mobile devices like all the horizontal videos over the web lately? Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 23:03 poliovaccine says: Fwiw, I first found this site by googling “best [genre here] games on pc,” and finding some lists of theirs like this. Stayed for the writing, of course, but it may well be a goldmine of SEO hits. Also yeah, I almost always read this site on mobile, and in that format, A.) I’ve always seen RPS do slideshows, and B.) it’s never bothered me. I dont see any extra ads – if they occur at the bottom of the screen, whatever, I dont see em. Hope RPS gets the teenths of a penny per view anyway. But scrolling on mobile gets finicky the longer the page, and having all these items in one page would be annoying to scroll through on a phone. I do think it’d make a good option at the start, an alt view that’s all in one like that, for those who’d rather it, but from a mobile perspective I dont mind their slideshows a bit. It’s not like they’re yr average copy-paste-from-reddit clickbait with a Next button that loads below a big ad that deforms the page in hopes you accidentally click on it – like I say, I see less ads in a slideshow than I do in a regular article, cus they’re all at the bottom, I just pass em omw to comments, if ever. Idk how it appears on a PC to be perfectly fair, but equally so, I wouldnt say this is some egregious, clickbaity practice here. I get the pavlovian response against slideshows, but to me the usual complaints dont register in this case. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:09 someoneelse84 says: I’m not one to normally complain. Having said that… The real thing that bugs me about the slideshow format is the lack of closure to the article. There’s no “You know guys, I learned something today…” It’s like there’s no cigarette after sex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 06:36 Eater Of Cheese says: The zaibatsu tick embedded in the RPS hivemind is twitching its monetisation sickle-talons, no doubt… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 07:50 Snargelfargen says: This is a funny pun, intentional or no. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:22 Danarchist says: Empyrion works well on crap rigs as well. Although I guess its not released yet so…theres that Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:26 Moulinette says: League of Legends came out in 2009. 8 years ago is recent? Ok Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:28 Chaoslord AJ says: I’d add the original Skyrim then, ran terrific on this old shell even without SSD. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:07 Fomorian1988 says: I suspect any lo-fi indie game will run on most laptops. VA-11 HALL-A, Papers Please, the Cube Escape games, any game by Kitty Horrorshow, Oxenfree, Sunless Sea… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:54 Barts says: Oxenfree actually run like crap on integrated graphic cards. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a lovely game, but I bought based on your assumption and had to postpone playing until I get a decent rig. So I’m sharing this here so that noone else makes the same mistake. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:19 nottorp says: Just stay away from indies made in Unity – even if they look lo fi, at the least they’ll put your laptop in screaming vacuum cleaner mode. Back when the “new” x-com 1 was new, i used to get 50% more battery life and less fan noise than any random Unity indie when playing it. And it’s still 3D. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:54 poliovaccine says: Yknow, I never realized it, but that’s super true. In fact I tend to whack down settings further than I need for smooth visual performance, cus I specifically want to chase down that horrific sound of whining, straining effort. Hadnt put it together but yeah, the first three games I can think of like that are Unity. Seems like even when CryEngine chugs it doesnt whine, ditto UE4. It’s certainly a hit or miss thing – I mean Prey is running beautifully for me, on Medium settings. A topdown isometric shouldnt run worse than that. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:14 CelticPixel says: My laptop’s bust at the moment, so I’m doing all my gaming on a Surface Pro 4. Eve Online looks and runs great on it and Killing Floor 2 is surprisingly playable at the lowest settings, with the odd bit of slowdown. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:34 particlese says: Another for the list is RPS’s own bestest best game of 2016, Devil Daggers. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:41 GeoX says: Seriously, you take the trouble to make this list, and then you include 2-D indie games that it’s transparently obvious would run well on any computer? What value did you think you were creating by putting something like that into the world, exactly? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:18 someoneelse84 says: I’m pretty sure the the point of the list was to highlight recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:22 GeoX says: Yes, thank you for answering a question I didn’t ask. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 lasikbear says: I think he was answering a question you implicitly asked, regarding the value of creating a list highlighting recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 29/05/2017 at 19:39 Kala says: u mad, bro? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:21 Nauallis says: Get triggered, bro. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 05:57 GeoX says: ? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:36 criskywalker says: I have to add Thimbleweed Park. Such a great game that is not demanding at all. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:55 dongsweep says: Great article, hope you keep it updated every few weeks or months. I preordered the surface pro 5 and am excited to use it for streaming PS4 and some good old rimworld but these add some additional possibilities to the mix! Thanks Alec! Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:06 ooshp says: I use my sp4 extensively for rocket league, gamecube & wii games on the go. A wireless controller, display port adapter & hdmi cable + pretty much any hotel room and you’re sorted. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:44 tehfish says: Ooh, caught me offguard with the Prey entry there. I’m currently loaning my new GPU to my brother, so i’m rocking my old 6950 GPU at the mo, which is well below the listed minimum specs so i had discarded that as an option for now. But if it’ll somewhat run on an intel IGP it’ll run on that for sure… Would mean tearing myself away from Rimworld though :P Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:20 Expose Gaming1 says: Wow, two of my favorite game are on this list. Rocket League and League of Legends. I am surprised at some of these picks, like Prey and Elder Scroll Online, I thought you need an amazing PC to run these. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:22 torkan217 says: An older workstation at much lower price will get you decent specs, especially cpu’s like the qm line which perform on par with some modern cpus in the passmark tests. I’ve got a Dell Precision m4600, 15.6″, 1080p, i7-2620m@2.7ghz/3.4 turbo dual core, 8GB RAM, quadro 1000m 2GB. From what I saw on the web the quadro 1000m is 20% overall less than an hd 4400. Most reviewers don’t even try newer or games perceived to be too demanding, this is a serious error. 30+ FPS means over 30 in normal play and usually above this up to 45 FPS. Call Of juarez Gunslinger, 1080p, 30-45, avg settings MGSV Phantom Pain, 30+, low/med settings, 1280×720, still looks really good MGS Ground Zeroes, 30, low settings, 1280×720, constant weather hurts it somewhat Fallout New Vegas Utlimate, 1080p, 35+, low/med settings Company of Heroes 1, 1080p, med settings, 35+ Dirt 3, med/high, 1080p, 30+ always WRC 4, med, 1080p, 30+ Infra, med 1080p, 30-40 Grid, med/high, 1080p, 35+ Need For Speed Hot Pursuit/NFS 11, 1600×900, 35+, med Skyrim, low/med, 1080p, 30+ Resident Evil REvelations, low/med, 1600×900, 40fps+ Deus Ex HR, low/med, 1600×900, 35+ Witcher 3, ultra low preset mod file, ~30 FPS, 1280×720 Arkham City, 1600×900, 35+, low/medium Fallout 4 was in the less than 20fps lowest settings, unplayable NierA, less than 20fps lowest, unplayable Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:34 left1000 says: dead cells should not be on this list. although it looks like it doesn’t require a fancy gpu, and I’m sure it doesn’t. It’s poorly optimized and lags on non-topoftheline cpu’s. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:02 Bernardo says: Yes, I’m having the same problem. It bugs me a bit, because I love to play these games when travelling and have only my work laptop with me. To be fair, the game gives you a warning that it’s not optmised for Intel cards, and hints at future optimisation. So there’s still hope. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:49 HoboDragon says: Motorsport Manager, esp. in the 2D mode runs well. Almost any 2D, pseudo 3D “pixel-art” game will run well (as already mentioned Stardew Valley), e.g. To The Moon, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Duskers, Terraria, Dungeon of the Endless, or older games such as SW KOTOR1/2…. (most games RPS recommended if I recall :-D) Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:06 Bernardo says: Recent Games that run smoothly or at least reasonably well on my integrated Intel HD 4400 Ultrabook not on this list: Salt and Sanctuary Shrouded in Sanity Order of Battle Thea: The Awakening Pillars of Eternity Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 23:05 Bernardo says: Not that recent, but Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2 also work like a charm (medium setings). Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:21 April March says: That Prey screenshot looks like it’s from a Prey tribute mod for Deus Ex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:30 poliovaccine says: As an owner of a terrible laptop, longtime lover of the immersive sim (since way before we had that term, i.e. back when Deus Ex looked like Deus Ex), and someone who’d previously ogled at Prey but felt forlornly resigned to spend the next year or so admiring it on others’ rigs from afar, I can safely say I care not an ass! That was some exciting news to me. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:58 Barts says: I played these on my Dell Latitude E7250 and I highly recommend them: Darkest Dungeon Sunless Sea Invisible Inc. Faster Than Light Rain World Duskers Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:10 ropeladder says: Another option is to just to play newer games on the lowest possible resolution. Speeds them way up and gives them a charming retro feel. How did that old quote go? “640×480 ought to be enough pixels for anybody.” Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:25 Chaoslord AJ says: Prey is the only entry that surprised me. Most indie games aren’t graphic fiestas and shouldn’t really need much performance. Same goes for mobile ports. Or anything not asking for x64 architecture specifically could run on obsolete hardware. Cartoon graphic adventures? Some developers can’t optimize them even for sota-gaming rigs but it’s not the fault of the hardware really. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:32 Chaoslord AJ says: Also: Path of Exile Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 16:25 Kitano1314 says: hi, laptop users should also consider : Pillars of Eternity, Shadowrun: Dragonfall, Panzer Corps, all the Paradox 4x’s, War in the East, Factorio, Battle Brothers, Tales of Maj Eyal, Pike and Shot, Medieval TW 2 and Starbound to name a few. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 01:23 Thirdrail says: I would really like to check this out, but you did it as an obnoxious slide show so instead I’m just going to leave. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 06:58 Lurid says: What about a laptop that overheats and shuts itself off if it runs minecraft for more than 10 minutes? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 16:48 Hammer1649 says: Perhaps asking the laptop really nicely? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 14:02 Skales says: Did this guy even play stellaris for longer than first hour? Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 17:59 Nixitur says: A recent game that I really like is Cosmic Star Heroine. To my surprise, it ran entirely smoothly on my potato of a laptop which is far worse than what Alec described as “terrible” in the article. Definitely worth a look if you like turn-based RPGs. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes came out in late 2015, is lovely, hilarious and runs well enough on that, too. Khimera: Destroy All Monster Girls is an exceedingly good 2D platformer. Not a fan of the artstyle, personally, but the strength of the gameplay made it very easy for me to look past that. Also, it’s free. VA-11 HALL-A is a cyberpunk bartending simulator with lovely characters and a fantastic soundtrack. Since it’s a visual novel, it running smoothly on terrible laptops is no surprise. And for those who think it “obvious” that 2D indie games would run flawlessly on laptops, I would like to point out that <a href="link to store.steampowered.com is very deliberately not on that list. It’s a fantastic game, don’t get me wrong, but it runs much slower than it’s supposed to on my laptop. That makes the game much easier. Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 18:05 Nixitur says: Somehow messed up the link there and ran out of editing time. That was supposed to be Downwell, must have messed up a closing bracket. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:25 poliovaccine says: Donno if it’s been said here already, or if this is too late for anyone to even read it, but upon discovering it works, I’m too excited not to share myself: Resident Evil 7! On a terrible laptop with an integrated Intel HD gfx card! Gotta whack down the resolution but it damn well plays! I had longed for that game but never thought my system might be able to handle it, so wrote it off til an upgrade. But then I found it has a demo – demo works a trick. Proceeding to get the full thing! Woop! Never would’ve thought to try, if not for Prey being in this list. Gotta thank RPS (again) for that one. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags American Truck Simulator, Dead Cells, Dota 2, feature, Hardware, League of Legends, Night in the Woods, Planescape: Torment: Enhanced Edition, Prey, RimWorld, Rocket League, Scanner Sombre, Stardew Valley, Stellaris, Stellaris: Utopia, The Elder Scrolls Online, The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind. Search for clues News and things Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Taking the mech The Long Journey Home gets easier in ‘Story Mode’ Blast off Gears of War 4 getting Horde Mode update and free trial Chainsaw massacre ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Party like it's 1999 And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation Free Loaders: Spruce up dead planets as little green men The best free games of the week Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Jakkar : “A difficult child. Hard to love. It took persistence, and several tries, before I clicked ...” on Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Solrax : “Thank you for this! I too was wondering what the actual gameplay was like.” on Wot I Think: The Long Journey Home RichUncleSkeleton : “And Steam isn't in the business of distributing commercially unviable games (and game-adjacent software). Artsy ...” on Valve confirm Steam Direct publishing fee: $100 ezbez : “I agree with this sentiment - it hardly seems more interesting than opening the map ...” on Club a penguin: Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator out of early access HigoChumbo : “The closest I can think of is the combat in Mount&Blade and the like. Maybe ...” on ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games Total War: Warhammer 2 is taking everything further Lizards riding dinosaurs How Little Nightmares' horrible characters were animated The long arm of the maw How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes Northwest Passages: Sailing into Terror Bay I wish I was in Sherbrooke now Have You Played… Planetside 2? I can do anything better Vanu The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. The Flare Path: Do & Don't #10 Sim sins unforgiven Best PC gaming deals of the week Neo Geo classics and Rising Storm 2 The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Wot I Think: gorgeous combat-free action puzzler RiME Many reasons to Rime How Edith Finch's most memorable scene works On fish and fairytales The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Have You Unleashed… Rat Chaos? Winner winner, chicken dinner Pride vs overheating: a story about PCs Never stop never stopping How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Unknown Pleasures: 10 lower-profile new Steam games Wheat from chaff Wot I Think: Tokyo 42 Monument Miami All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 2357 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.150% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars AI Tech giants acquired 34 AI startups in Q1 2017 Reuters May 28, 2017 9:33 AM Above: Sundar Pichai, chief executive officer of Google, onstage at Google I/O 2017. (Reuters) – A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple, Facebook and Intel, respectively, according to CB Insights. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data. The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Company invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber. Startups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. “What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and startup communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare startup Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors’ recommendations. “For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies,” said Forward Chief Executive Officer Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. “But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate.” Artificial intelligence companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, chief executive of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the company in late 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” Zeiler said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. Startups rarely have the capital to compete, but a company with a specialized mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, ‘I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,’” Gundotra said. (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker) VB Recommendations Why shortcuts for Google Home are a total waste of time Are chatbots just another fad? Massless lets you write with a pen in virtual reality
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live look at the NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Heavy rain and thunderstorms hitting parts of the South Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on ‘Dorm Cam’ in Los Angeles Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Friends of Forsythe osprey cam in Oceanville, NJ Jellyfish cam from the Georgia Aquarium Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park Live look at the beach surf in Cape May, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Blue Shutters Beachside Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Rep. Adam Schiff says 'there ought to be a review' of Kushner's security clearance More ABC News' Martha Raddatz goes one-on-one with Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee. 9:47 | 05/28/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Rep. Adam Schiff says 'there ought to be a review' of Kushner's security clearance This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Rep. Adam Schiff reacts to reported Comey memo Schiff, the top Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, discusses the new report that Trump asked James Comey to drop the Michael Flynn investigation and Trump's reported mishandling of classified information. Now Playing: Rep. Adam Schiff reacts to reported Comey memo Now Playing: Rep. Adam Schiff: Russia 'absolutely' complicit in Syrian chemical attack Now Playing: Trump under scrutiny for tweets responding to the London terror attack Now Playing: This Week Fast Forward 6.4.2017 Now Playing: Will President Trump invoke executive privilege to block Comey testimony? Now Playing: Castellanos: 'Trump administration seems to run a very small family business, not a large US government' Now Playing: Karl: 'No Plan' to invoke executive privilege to block Comey testimony Now Playing: Al Gore calls President Trump's decision to withdraw from Paris agreement 'reckless' Now Playing: EPA Chief Scott Pruitt still won't say if President Trump believes climate change is a hoax Now Playing: One-on-one with Obama National Security Adviser Susan Rice Now Playing: Trump tweets about London attack overnight Now Playing: Major concession by Trump Now Playing: Looming showdown in Washington over Russia investigation Now Playing: How will withdrawing from the Paris Accord affect Trump? Now Playing: Vladimir Putin mocks 'hysteria' over Russian hacking during the presidential campaign Now Playing: Fallout continues after Trump pulls US from Paris Climate Accord Now Playing: Will Trump invoke executive privilege and stop Comey from testifying? Now Playing: Former FBI Director Comey to testify before Congress next week Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: Kellyanne Conway speaks about James Comey's firing Now Playing: WH won't say if Trump believes climate change is a hoax Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47688482,"title":"Rep. Adam Schiff says 'there ought to be a review' of Kushner's security clearance","duration":"9:47","description":"ABC News' Martha Raddatz goes one-on-one with Rep. Adam Schiff, D-Calif., the ranking member on the House Intelligence Committee.","url":"/ThisWeek/video/house-intel-committee-ranking-member-rep-adam-schiff-47688482","section":"ThisWeek","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
All Recent Posting Activity Topics & Issues Events Polls Search Donate Shop Advertise Contact About Please Read Our New Guidelines for Comments and Commenters How to register for a user account (As always, please DO NOT DONATE if you live on a fixed income. Do not choose between eating and funding!) --> --> The News Most Recent Threads The Blogs Most Recent Threads The Forums Most Recent Threads Home » blogs » Jefferson Morley's blog Trump's Big Mouth Is Demolishing America's Reputation and Its Secrecy Procedures, Leaving Our Intel Chiefs 'Horrified' Jefferson Morley Article Tools E-mail Print Comments (2) Share    Donald Trump by Jefferson Morley | May 27, 2017 - 6:01am — from Alternet The view that President Trump is a menace to the safety of the American people is hardly confined to the political left. Senator Bob Corker, a conservative Republican from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, dubbed Trump the "wrecking ball president." Now this wrecking ball is damaging America's alliance with Europe and its procedures for handling the country’s most sensitive secrets, leaving U.S. military and intelligence, and their foreign counterparts, aghast. Trump’s habitual carelessness is dangerous, they say. In his speech to NATO leaders Thursday he scolded them for failing to live up commitments to increase defense spending while failing to mention Article 5, the NATO mutual-defense pledge — something other leaders had been hoping to hear. The Associated Press described the speech as an "unprecedented one-two punch" that "further rattled" an already anxious Europe. One Democratic leader called the remarks "condescending" and an "embarrassment." And that was before Trump described the Germans as "evil, very evil" for running a trade surplus with the United States. The trail of wreckage left by Trump's big mouth is growing longer by the day. Intel on ISIS On May 15, the Washington Post reported that Trump had revealed highly classified information to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak in a White House meeting. “This is code-word information,” said a U.S. official familiar with the matter, using terminology that refers to one of the highest classification levels used by American spy agencies. Trump “revealed more information to the Russian ambassador than we have shared with our own allies.” The details emerged over the next week. The information, obtained from Israel, concerned specific terrorist plotting by the Islamic State, including Islamic State advances in bomb-making that could be used to mask an explosive device inside a laptop, according to USA Today. Trump’s defense quickly fell apart. He claimed he never mentioned Israel in his talks with the Russians. Whether that is literally true or whether he was lying (again), doesn’t really matter. Israeli officials were “furious” about the disclosures, Foreign Policy reported, and Israeli defense minister Avigdor Lieberman acknowledged that Israel had “tweaked its intelligence-sharing protocols" with the United States after Trump’s off-script remarks. “I can confirm that we did a spot repair and that there’s unprecedented intelligence cooperation with the United States,” Lieberman told Israeli Army Radio. “What we had to clarify with our friends in the United States, we did. We did our check.” Former CIA director John Brennan testified Tuesday that if the president shared classified Israeli intelligence with Russian officials at the White House as reported, he violated intelligence-sharing protocol. “It appears as though, at least from the press reports, that neither did it go in the proper channels nor did the originating agency have the opportunity to clear language for it,” Brennan said. “That is a problem." Submarine Location Then came the disclosure that Trump had told Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte that the U.S. had two nuclear submarines stationed near North Korea. “We have a lot of firepower over there,” Trump said, according to a transcript obtained by The Intercept. “We have two submarines—best in the world—we have two nuclear submarines, not that we want to use them at all.” BuzzFeed News reported that "Pentagon officials are in shock after the release of a transcript between President Donald Trump and his Philippines counterpart reveals that the U.S. military had moved two nuclear submarines towards North Korea. 'We never talk about subs!' three U.S. officials said." Rank and file military personnel also expressed surprise at the breach of normal security procedures. @CitizensFedUp @sartorialskwirl @BraddJaffy I am a Navy wife, my husband was on subs. WE were never allowed to know where they were or allowed to talk about the dates of deployment — Kate Jones (@katejns8) May 25, 2017 A Pattern In February, Trump "astounded" White House veterans with his decision to turn the public terrace of his Florida home into a situation room after he learned of a North Korea missile launch. Trump and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe remained at the table and discussed their response. "While waiters came and went — and while one club member snapped photos — the two leaders reviewed documents by the light of an aide’s cellphone,” the Washington Post reported, adding that presidents typically “move to private, secured settings to hash out such an event.” In fact, Trump’s Mar-a-Lago estate has an on-site Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility, a specially outfitted room for storing top-secret records and holding confidential conversations. googletag.cmd.push(function() { googletag.display('div-gpt-ad-1420251685282-2'); });The White House denied any classified information had been seen or discussed at the impromptu dinner table conference, but that hardly addresses the qualms of security professionals. “Assuming the smartphones staffers held aloft were consumer devices, they’re basically bugs waiting for someone to activate them,” noted Wire’s Brian Barrett. “Android phones are notoriously insecure outside of the most recent update, and even then aren’t guaranteed safe." “The idea that somebody could target these phones is not science fiction,” says Matthew Green, cryptographer at Johns Hopkins University. “It’s actually a pretty standard, well-understood threat.” Not by the president of the United States, it seems. _______ About author Jefferson Morley is AlterNet's Washington correspondent. He is the author of JFK and CIA: The Secret Assassination Files (Kindle) and Snow-Storm in August: Washington City, Francis Scott Key, and the Forgotten Race Riot of 1835. Vote Result Score: 0.0, Votes: 0 Bookmark/Search this post with: | | | | | | Jefferson Morley's blog | login or register to post comments | 377 reads Comment viewing options Flat list - collapsedFlat list - expandedThreaded list - collapsedThreaded list - expanded Date - newest firstDate - oldest first 10 comments per page30 comments per page50 comments per page70 comments per page90 comments per page150 comments per page200 comments per page250 comments per page300 comments per page Select your preferred way to display the comments and click "Save settings" to activate your changes. I keep getting astounded by I keep getting astounded by the duplicity in the right wing pundits, seen recently on CNN with some right wing woman trying to use her talking point, and even Alan Dershowitz. They make the point "the president can declassify any classified information any time he sees fit to". Ok. Though we all pretty much know this wasn't a conscious decision to declassify, wasn't precluded by any actual thinking, reflecting, decision, it was him running his big mouth trying to impress them, But ok. But their follow up talking point is the real logic tortuous point that "and it was the leaking of this to the press that is the illegal and damaging part of it". You see the problem? Ignoring that th leaker was the president, and that Russia could well do damage to the assets, and are allied with Syria, Iran, etc...ignore that, and then realize they are now pretending the information is STILL classified. I mean if their first argument is that Trump de facto declassified that Intel, then it is no longer classified.. So leaking to the press is just passing declassified information. Submitted by Tom Joad on May 29, 2017 - 4:10am. » login or register to post comments He's the most dangerous man on the planet. He knows too much, and can't meep his mouth shut. I hope Intelligence is withholding information. _______ Carry a Constitution with you, so you can read it to the police as they spray you in the face with pepper spray. Submitted by MissMarple on May 29, 2017 - 6:01am. » login or register to post comments --> --> --> ChimpWire: Latest News With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself — and America — once again Jun 4 2017 - 9:25pm (0 comments) Trump reacts to London terror by stoking fear and renewing feud with mayor Jun 4 2017 - 5:43pm (0 comments) Dems want Hillary Clinton to leave spotlight Jun 4 2017 - 4:47pm (0 comments) Trump criticised for using London attacks to promote his own Muslim travel ban Jun 4 2017 - 9:12am (0 comments) Vice President Mike Pence Says Climate Change Is Just An Issue For The Left Jun 3 2017 - 3:47pm (3 comments) Trump has finally gone too far Jun 3 2017 - 3:25pm (0 comments) more news » Navigation home start a new thread recent popular content User login Username: * Password: * Request new password ChimpsterNation Didn't this site used to be for electing Democrats to office? by MissMarple 44 posts, 3172 views Presidential Historians Survey 2017 Hard to read, but the info is there. by chlorocardium 2 posts, 1063 views Your favorite SC screen name by skeezyks 81 posts, 7688 views The 11th Minute of the 11th Hour of the 11th Day & Section 60 ~ ~ ~ by bitdog 24 posts, 6116 views 5479 Days . . . by aussidawg 2 posts, 818 views I'm flying to Florida in the morning. by click here 3 posts, 892 views First Clinton/Trump Debate - Sep 26, 2016 - thread by mewkitty 4 posts, 1002 views more » Recent Threads BLOWBACK by rene sonsmann 0 comments Hillary Clinton's BEA speech: Gettin' jiggy wit' it by Jane Stillwater 2 comments THE MAN WITH THE MO by rene sonsmann 0 comments AMERICA'S TOTAL POLITICAL PARALYSIS - BOTH PARTIES ARE SHIPWRECKS - POLITICS WITHOUT MEANING - MAYBE THAT'S WHAT SOME WANT - WAR by John Chuckman 1 comments AUTHORITIES TIPPED OFF NUMEROUS TIMES ABOUT MANCHESTER BOMBER - WHAT THIS EVENT REALLY TELLS US ABOUT POLICE AND VIOLENCE by John Chuckman 2 comments HERE IS WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW TO FIND YOUR WAY THROUGH A DELIBERATELY-CONSTRUCTED MAZE OF CONFUSION ABOUT MODERN TERROR by John Chuckman 2 comments TRUMP SEEN TRYING TO UNITE SAUDIS AND ISRAELIS AGAINST IRAN - I GUESS HE MISSED THE FACT THEY ALREADY ARE - DOES U.S. WANT WAR? by John Chuckman 0 comments WHAT YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR'S APPOINTMENT, THE POSSIBILITY OF IMPEACHMENT, AND WHAT DRIVES THIS LUNACY by John Chuckman 3 comments Life is cheap in Palestine... by Jane Stillwater 0 comments Mothers Day: 100 ways the Deep State plans to kill off your mom... by Jane Stillwater 4 comments How to Treat the Enemy by GreyRaven 11 comments Neo-colonialism & living the Tea Party dream in Oklahoma by Jane Stillwater 0 comments AMERICA'S STATE DEPARTMENT COOPERATES IN ISRAEL'S NASTY GAME OF CALLING ITS CRITICS NAMES by John Chuckman 3 comments Democracy Now: “US Has Never Sought Regime Change in Syria” by AntiSpin 1 comments A COMMUTER'S TALE by rene sonsmann 4 comments RELEASE ME! by rene sonsmann 1 comments WHAT SO MANY AMERICANS SIMPLY DO NOT UNDERSTAND ABOUT THEIR OWN COUNTRY - PARALLELS OF AMERICA TODAY WITH 16TH CENTURY CHURCH by John Chuckman 2 comments The brotherhood that oil built: Terror in the Middle East by Jane Stillwater 5 comments IN FIFTY YEARS AMERICA'S TWO BOUTS OF MASS KILLING AND DESTRUCTION - HOW THE WEST HAS CHANGED IN ITS REACTIONS OVER THAT TIME by John Chuckman 0 comments PATRIOT-TYPES WHO DREAM OF REBELLION - MINDS COMICALLY STUCK IN TWO CENTURIES AGO - COMPLETE AND DEVASTATING FAILURE OF TRUMP by John Chuckman 0 comments ISRAEL'S 1967 ATTACK ON INTELLIGENCE SHIP U.S.S. LIBERTY DURING ITS SIX DAY WAR OF CONQUEST - LYNDON JOHNSON IS THE ONLY MYSTERY by John Chuckman 1 comments "War" and the next American generations by Jane Stillwater 0 comments Please send good thoughts for Georgia's 6th District ... by Georgia K 0 comments WHY A RUNAWAY EX-SYRIAN GENERAL'S CLAIM ABOUT TONNES OF CHEMICALS IN SYRIA IS GARBAGE - AND ANOTHER TRUE STORY ABOUT CHEMICALS by John Chuckman 17 comments A PROFESSOR SAYS KIM JONG UN AND DONALD TRUMP ARE BOTH UNSTABLE BULLIES - WHY THE ANALYSIS IS WEAK AND MISSES THE POINT by John Chuckman 8 comments Recommended Threads The highest-rated threads (minimum ten votes): This Is What Waterboarding Looks Like by David Corn 56 comments 44703 reads Barking Mad by Mike Whitney 28 comments 26684 reads Police Spying in the Birthplace of the First Amendment by Dave Lindorff 11 comments 15546 reads Shame on Us All by Robert Parry 44 comments 18076 reads David Kuo's Book "Tempting Faith": The Author's Agenda, the Authoritarian Behavior He Reports, And the White House's Response by John W. Dean 34 comments 119773 reads Olbermann Special Commentary Nov. 1 by Barry Ragin 28 comments 28838 reads Housing Bubble Smack-down by Mike Whitney 30 comments 29329 reads At Least We Aren't Nazis! by Pamela Troy 10 comments 15976 reads An Important Story You Didn't See by Stephen Pizzo 34 comments 28738 reads Why I Love Santa by Cenk Uygur 9 comments 13014 reads Delusions of victory by Sidney Blumenthal 20 comments 14974 reads The Public Housing Struggle in New Orleans: A Tale of Two Sisters by Bill Quigley 3 comments 12930 reads Saddam is Dead by punkmonksf 34 comments 43871 reads The 2006 WTF? Awards! by Ed Naha 8 comments 13698 reads Olbermann: Special comment about â€˜sacrificeâ€™ by sofazappa 9 comments 12921 reads Socialism Smirking Chimp on Facebook Upcoming events no upcoming events available more Browse archives « June 2017   Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa         1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Follow us Become a fan Subscribe Search Advertisement The Daily Chimp Links to our front-page articles, emailed to you once a day. E-mail: Subscribe Unsubscribe Previous issues Syndicate Blogroll Blogs Alan Bisbort Alicublog Americablog Andrew Bard Schmookler Atrios Bad Attitudes Barry Lando Barry Yourgrau Barbara O'Brien Bartcop Blog Report Bob Geiger Booman Tribune BTC News Chris Floyd Cliff Schecter Crooks and Liars Culture Kitchen Daily Kos Dave Lindorff David Corn David Sirota David Swanson Demosthenes Digby Ed Naha Ed Tant Firedoglake Greg Palast Hal O'Boyle James Wolcott Jayne Lyn Stahl Jesus' General Joe Bageant Josh Marshall Len Hart Liberal Oasis Making Light Media Is A Plural My Left Wing Pierre Tristam PM Carpenter Political Junkies RJ Eskow Riverbend Roger Ailes Rude Pundit Russ Baker Sadly, No Scholars & Rouges Scott Shuster Seeing The Forest Skippy Stephen Elliott Stephen Pizzo Steve Gilliard Susie Madrak Ted Rall Timothy Gatto William Fisher Worldwide Sawdust Advocacy Mesothelioma Treatment News & Commentary AlterNet Antiwar.com Black Agenda Report Black Commentator Buffalo Beast BuzzFlash Consortium News Common Dreams CounterPunch Crisis Papers Democratic Underground Democrats.com Dissident Voice Drudge Retort In These Times The Huffington Post MediaChannel The Nation The Progressive The Washington Monthly Scoop TomPaine.com Truthdig Truthout Virtual Citizens Working For Change Radio & TV The Young Turks Thom Hartmann Who's online There are currently 2 users and 48 guests online. Online users Gerard Pierce habeus corpses   100 Most Recent Threads | Topics & Issues | Events | Polls | Chimp 1.0 Home | Top About | Contact | Advertise | Shop | Donate Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011 Smirking Chimp Media bot trap
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD): It’s Do or Die Time for AMD Stock Shutterstock photo InvestorPlace – Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMD ) have been on a volatile ride this month. AMD stock came into May hot, up 20%. Shares subsequently lost 24% after AMD missed revenue estimates and reported in-line earnings results. Source: Matthew Rutledge via Flickr Those losses were seemingly in the rearview mirror when, in mid-May, rumors of a licensing deal between AMD and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC ) materialized. No comment from the company and denial from Intel caused those gains to fade though. Moving Forward with Advanced Micro Devices Shares are still down about 19% for the month of May. Despite the decline, Advanced Micro Devices is still up a whopping 184% over the past 12 months. Investors now need to figure out if it’s time to bail on AMD stock or get in on the action. A big part of AMD’s story is execution. Basically, can management deliver? Over the past six quarters, AMD has beaten EPS estimates four times and had in-line results the other two. In that same span, Advanced Micro Devices has beaten revenue estimates five times. Not to get too historical, but AMD didn’t have one beat in either category for the six quarters prior to that period. So, to say management is improving would be an understatement. Analysts expect earnings of 7 cents per share in 2017. It would be a big deal if AMD were to become profitable this year, after four years of losses. Building on that momentum, analysts expect ~330% earnings growth in 2018 to 30 cents per share. This is where management’s execution comes into play. Advanced Micro’s debt picture is another reason for optimism. In June, AMD was carrying $2.24 billion in debt. As of last quarter, that figure stood at just $1.41 billion, a reduction of 37%. Finally, there’s valuation. As AMD works toward profitability, its earnings-based valuation is just okay. But, on a sales-basis, Advanced Micro Devices isn’t too bad. In fact, trading at 2.33x trailing sales is lower than both Intel and Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA ). On a forward sales basis, AMD is also cheaper. Trading AMD Stock AMD gives bullish traders a good opening – albeit, a slight one. Support currently sits at the 200-day moving average, around $10.10. Below that, the stock is pretty iffy. Source: Stockcharts.com That’s good for bulls and bears alike though. Bulls can use this level, or one close to it, as their stop-loss. AMD stock should rally should that level hold, although it could have trouble clearing $12.50. Previously serving as support, this level will now likely act as resistance and give AMD stock limited upside. Make no mistake about it, AMD suffered some big damage when it fell on earnings. But, a run back to $12.50 would represent a 15%-20% return, depending on where investors buy the stock. The Intel-rumor rally gave hope to bullish momentum returning. But, its negative reaction could cause the MACD to turn bearish once more (purple circle). That’s what gives bears some hope. Should the MACD turn bearish – the black line falling below the red line – and the $10 level give way as support, bears will be in control. In that case, there’s no real way to know how much downside could exist. But, one thing would be certain: Bulls would be in trouble. At least in the short-term, then, being long AMD would be painful. In the current case of Advanced Micro Devices, the advantage goes to bulls, for now. But, that will change if AMD stock falls below $10. Bret Kenwell is the manager and author of Future Blue Chips and is on Twitter @BretKenwell . As of this writing, Bret Kenwell held no positions in any security mentioned. More From InvestorPlace The post Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD): It’s Do or Die Time for AMD Stock appeared first on InvestorPlace . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Three Vikings Compete in Marathon at Outdoor Track and Field Championships Next PostNext Adolfson & Peterson Construction Breaks Ground with Wiggins Community Search Recent Posts CNN Host Reza Aslan Exposed as Muslim Propagandist in New Documentary; Aslan Called President Trump a ‘Piece of Sh*t’ Global Capacitive Linear Encoder Industry 2017 Market Research Report Global And China Animal Feeding Systems Industry 2017 Market Research Report Westinghouse und Boilermakers einigen sich auf neuen Vertrag biOasis Technologies Inc. (BIOAF: OTCQB) | biOasis to Present at the 16th International Postgraduate Course on Lysosomal Storage Disorders Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Eric Brown May 26, 2017 Thin Client Market Embraces Raspberry Pi rx-hdx_white_background2.png NComputing has unveiled the RX-HDX, its second Raspberry Pi based thin client. Used with permission Is the Raspberry Pi ready to take over the low-end thin client market? This week, NComputing unveiled the RX-HDX, its second Raspberry Pi based thin client. In addition, ViewSonic announced a software upgrade for the Pi-based SC-T25 thin client that it announced last year. The future of thin clients -- low-cost, remotely managed virtual client computers -- has always been a question mark. On one hand, dropping PC prices and increasing use of multimedia in the enterprise has slowed the demand for bare-bones thin clients. Yet, improvements in Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) technology and the ongoing need to cut maintenance, support, and operating costs have kept the market alive. Cheap PCs have may have put the brakes on thin clients in recent years, but a rebound seems likely. The arrival of more affordable and power efficient embedded computers -- and the Raspberry Pi in particular -- is helping to drive down prices and restore thin clients’ edge over standalone PCs. Early last year, Citrix, one of the major virtualization software providers for thin clients, along with VMware and Microsoft, jumpstarted the Pi thin client market by partnering with the Raspberry Pi Foundation, Broadcom, ThinLinx, and others to bring its Citrix HDX remote display protocol to the Raspberry Pi. The H264-ready Citrix HDX technology, which is available with Citrix’s XenDesktop virtual desktop and XenApp virtual application software, is an extension of Citrix’s earlier ICA protocol. It adds intelligent redirection, adaptive compression, and data de-duplication to boost performance, especially in multimedia. Citrix HDX is implemented partially via a custom version of a SoC -- in this case the Broadcom BCM43437 -- that enables compute-intensive HDX algorithms to execute on the CPU. Yet, HDX avoids device obsolescence by not “burning the remoting protocol into silicon,” says Citrix. Last year, Citrix announced a Raspberry Pi 3 based Citrix HDX Ready Pi mini-PC reference design with preconfigured HDX support for XenDesktop and XenApp. The device’s Linux-based HDX SoC Receiver SDK enables hardware acceleration on the quad-core Broadcom SoC, as well as off-loading to the VideoCore IV GPU. The device offers device management for firmware updates, remote configuration, and DHCP tagging for plug and play deployment. It can automatically connect to Citrix’s StoreFront enterprise app store like higher-end Citrix clients. The Citrix HDX Ready Pi ships with a version of ThinLinx’s TLXOS. This Raspbian spin-off, which supports VMware Horizon Blast Extreme and Microsoft RDP/RemoteFX protocols as well as Citrix HDX, also provides a virtual client and management stack that can manage both x86 and ARM devices at once. The TLXOS client runs on Intel’s NUCs and Compute Sticks in addition to the Raspberry Pi 2 and 3. ViewSonic  SC-T25 and NComputing RX-HDX Last July, ViewSonic released a version of the Citrix HDX Ready Pi as the $89 SC-T25. This week, ViewSonic announced that the SC-T25 now offers the Linux-based NoTouch OS from Stratodesk, another Citrix HDX collaborator. NoTouch OS provides the SC-T25 with new features like Skype for Business support, as well as single sign-on and dual monitor support. Also this week, NComputing unveiled its own $119, Citrix HDX compliant RX-HDX thin client. The product is also based on the Citrix HDX Ready Pi technology, but features a different design borrowed from NComputing’s $99, Raspberry Pi 3-based RX300 thin client, announced in March. The RX300 hosts images provided by its own Windows-based vSpace Pro 10 platform, and is aimed more at the educational and small business markets where NComputing is among the leaders. The new RX-HDX, meanwhile, should boost its prospects in the enterprise market. Due to ship in July, NComputing’s RX-HDX features dual monitor support and a sleep mode button. There’s also a Pi Management Console (PMC) and web-based device management for up to 10,000 RX devices. The RX-HDX runs on less than 5W, and offers Raspberry Pi 3 features such as 1GB RAM, WiFi and Bluetooth, and 4x USB ports with full USB redirection. There’s also a Kensington lock, an optional VESA mount, and a sealed, internal 8GB microSD card. Even at the $119 level, the Citrix HDX Ready Pi systems are competitive with DIY solutions. A homegrown thin client system with a $10 TXLOS build and a typical Raspberry Pi 3 starter kit and keyboard and mouse bundle can be had for about $100 without the display. Initially, Citrix listed Micro Center as a Citrix HDX Ready Pi partner, but no longer. The computer retailer still offers a PowerSpec Raspberry Pi 3 Starter Kit that is billed as a zero thin client with “Citrix Receiver for Linux and a fully licensed ThinLinX TLXOS RPi OS on 8GB microSD.” The system sells for only $50, discounted from $80. Although it appears to be based on the Citrix HDX Ready Pi, Micro Center does not promote the connection. Unlike ViewSonic and Micro Center, which are newcomers to thin clients, NComputing was ranked number three in the market at 10.2 percent, according to a March 2016 IDC report. The report also noted that NComputing was one of the fastest growing thin client vendors after fourth place Centerm of China. The 2015 thin client market slumped due to competition from low-cost computers such as Chromebooks. However, IDC projected the market would return to steady growth through 2019 when it expects sales of 6.4 million units, up from 5.1 million in 2015. This week’s reaffirmation by NComputing and ViewSonic of their Raspberry Pi experiments suggests that thin client market leaders Dell and HP, which both saw reduced sales in 2015, might consider similar moves. There are other low-cost, VESA mountable size embedded platforms to build on, but it’s hard to beat the Pi 3 for its platform ecosystem. Its price/performance is pretty darn good, as well. “The Raspberry Pi is renowned for its innovation, portable size, versatility, and economic viability,” said NComputing CTO Richard Sah in an email Q&A. “With each iteration, the affordable computer has established itself as a robust and reliable device, one increasingly become viable within an enterprise setting. NComputing strives to be the market leader in Pi-based thin clients and will continue to innovate on top of the Pi platform.” Aside from small, and high price/performance, the Raspberry Pi also attracted NComputing with its larger developer base. “With a vast community of developers behind Raspberry Pi, we believe the platform will become more and more popular in different vertical markets,” says Sah. Meanwhile several open source community projects are offering alternatives to TXLOS for DIY Pi-based thin clients. The Raspberry Pi Thin Client project, which now supplies a RPiTC v3 1.12 release, supports Citrix Receiver 13.4.2, VMWare Horizon 4.3, NoMachine 5.2.11, and FreeRDP, among other platforms. There’s also WTware, which offers a client for Windows Remote Desktop Services and Windows Terminal Server. The rise of Raspberry Pi based thin clients could boost the role of ARM thin clients in this very x86-centric market. ARM thin clients have been available for years, and like a fair share of x86 thin clients, they run Linux. Options include the i.MX6-based Atrust T66, Allwinner A20-based Share FL120, and NComputing’s own Cortex-A9 based N500. Connect with the Linux community at Open Source Summit North America on September 11-13. Linux.com readers can register now with the discount code, LINUXRD5, for 5% off the all-access attendee registration price. Register now to save over $300! Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (1 like) Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS465 Software Defined Networking with OpenDaylight June 19, 2017 Learn more LFS462 Open Source Virtualization June 19, 2017 Learn more LFD460 Embedded Linux Development with Yocto Project June 19, 2017 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Executive Project Manager Senior Hardware technician Product Owner Server Administrator See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More Accelerated by © 2016 The Linux Foundation
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement Zotac’s new mini PC lineup includes AMD Ryzen, Intel Kaby Lake CPUs and NVIDIA graphics 05/26/2017 at 11:21 AM by Brad Linder 7 Comments Zotac is expanding its line of tiny desktop computers with a whole bunch of new ZBOX mini PCs All of the new ZBOX E-series computers support for NVIDIA GeForce 10 series graphics, but you get a choice of CPU options: some models ship with Intel Kaby Lake chips while others are equipped with AMD Ryzen processors. Zotac’s ZBOX M-series of more mainstream mini computers are also getting an update, as is the company’s eve tinier ZBOX P-Series. Folks looking for something a bit more powerful can also opt for Zotac’s brand new MEK Gaming PC, which is much less compact, but still pretty small for a gaming tower. Zotac ZBOX EN1050K More details should be revealed at Computex next week, but here’s a brief run-down of the new systems: E-series (Magnus Gaming Series) ZBOX EN1050K – Compact desktop with Intel Kaby Lake/NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 ZBOX EK5106o – Taller model with Intel Kaby Lake Core i5/NVIDIA GeForce 1060 ZBOX EK71070 – Intel Kaby Lake Core i7/NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 ZBOX ER51060 – AMD Ryzen/NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 ZBOX ER51070 – AMD Ryzen/NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 M-series ZBOX MI553 – Intel Kaby Lake model (with Thunderbolt 3) ZBOX MA551 – AMD Ryzen model (without TB3) P-Series The Zotac ZBOX PI225 is a fanless mini computer with support for 4K displays. Zotac calls this a “card-sized PC, although it seems to be a bit larger than a typical playing card or business card. But it does seem to have at least two USB Type-C ports and a microSD card slot. There’s also a new ZBOX PI335 model coming, which is expected to look a lot like older P-series models from the company. MEK Gaming PC This new “gaming first” PC features an Intel Kaby Lake Core i7 processor, GeForce GTX 1080 mini graphics, and a “low-profile” CPU cooler. And that’s about all we know for now. via Zotac, Digital Trends and TechReport Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 7 Comments on "Zotac’s new mini PC lineup includes AMD Ryzen, Intel Kaby Lake CPUs and NVIDIA graphics" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest CampGareth Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. The card-sized PC’s interesting, wonder whether either of those USB-C ports are Thunderbolt 3 capable. The mini PC with it’s also interesting since as far as I know the Intel Skull Canyon NUC is the only TB3 mini PC and we need more options in that space. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 9 days 12 hours ago Guest mrwed Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I’m pretty sure the new 7th-gen Intel NUC i7 has TB3, and I believe the i5 too. Of course they use laptop processors but I was pretty amazed at how well a Lenovo 720 performed with an eGPU in the video at this link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5CqyLtXaYf8 Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 5 days 21 hours ago Guest burkbii Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Wish more of these PC’s were fanless Core M’s, so I could just connect them to every screen in my house & leave them always on. I really dont like the slowness of Atom or the fan noise/fragility of the Core i series which ultimately requires turning them off/on so they dont break. Vote Up3Vote Down  Reply 9 days 11 hours ago Guest riddick Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Is Raspberry Pi too slow for you? I have had two RPi2 connected 24/7 for almost 2 years now, with no case. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 9 days 2 hours ago Guest Matt Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. He mentioned Core M. If Intel Atoms or rebranded Atom Celeron/Pentium chips are too slow, then the Raspberry Pi 3 would be too slow as well. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 8 days 12 hours ago Guest Jon Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. What SoC is used for the P-Series? Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 9 days 10 hours ago Author Brad Linder Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. They haven’t announced that yet, but if it’s anything like the upcoming Intel Compute Card, expect it to have a 6 watt or lower TDP, which probably means Kaby Lake-Y or Apollo Lake. Vote Up2Vote Down  Reply 9 days 9 hours ago Latest News Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Gigabyte's BRIX line of computers are tiny desktop PCs that often aren't much … [Read More...] MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake MSI is showing off the latest member of its Cubi line of tiny desktop … [Read More...] Compulab’s tiny UCM-iMX7 compute module bends over backward to stay small Compulab makes a line of tiny desktop computers that it sells under the … [Read More...] Popular articles MSI Cubi 3 is a fanless mini desktop PC with Intel Kaby Lake Zotac PI225: A fanless desktop PC that's smaller than a 2.5 inch hard drive Latest Gigabyte Brix Gaming is a compact, VR-ready desktop PC Deals Deals of the Day (6-02-2017) There was a time when Amazon's Echo devices were the only game in town when it … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] What’s new in Android O? Google has released the first developer preview for Android O, the next major … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Newsfront Tags: War on Terrorism | al-Qaida | AQIM | Muslims | attacks | Ramadan Report: Al-Qaida Group Calls for Muslims to Increase Attacks During Ramadan (AP) By Todd Beamon   |   Saturday, 27 May 2017 05:01 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    An al-Qaida group in Africa Saturday urged Muslims to "free their imprisoned brethren through all means" under Shariah law during Ramadan and "incited fighters to escalate their attacks," according to a group that monitors jihadist activity online. The group, al-Qaida in the Lands of the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), issued the call in a message to Muslims for the holy month of Ramadan, which began Friday at sundown. AQIM Urges Fighters to Escalate Attacks During Ramadan, Muslims to Free Prisoners https://t.co/ovDs2mBL5y — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) May 27, 2017 The message was confirmed by the SITE Intelligence Group. Ramadan ends on June 24. AQIM began during the Algerian civil war of the 1990s and seeks to replace the Algerian government with an Islamic state. The group has been designated a terrorist organization by the U.S, as well as the United Nations, the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada and Russia. AQIM has raised more than $50 million in the last decade through kidnapping for ransom, according to news reports. Related Stories: Rep. Ted Lieu Bashes Trump's 'Inappropriate' Ramadan Message Pete Hoekstra: Islamists Tighten Grip in Africa © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront An al-Qaida group in Africa Saturday urged Muslims to "free their imprisoned brethren through all means" under Shariah law during Ramadan and "incited fighters to escalate their attacks," according to a group that monitors jihadist activity online.The group, al-Qaida in the... al-Qaida, AQIM, Muslims, attacks, Ramadan 166 Saturday, 27 May 2017 05:01 PM 2017-01-27 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Ariana Grande Sings 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' to Tearful Manchester Crowd (Watch) Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 23:22 PM  . . . CNN Host Reza Aslan Apologizes for Trump Tweet Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 22:35 PM CNN host Reza Aslan apologized on Sunday for a derogatory tweet he directed at President Donald Trump over the president . . . Day of Portland Demonstrations Marked by Arrests, Clashes Sunday, 04 Jun 2017 22:22 PM Thousands of demonstrators and counter protesters converged in downtown Portland, Oregon, on Sunday, a day marked by mul . . . More Most Commented Report: Van Hits Pedestrians at London Bridge Saturday, 03 Jun 2017 | 1185 comments Is Donald Trump looking any better to you globalists yet ????... Report: Trump Decides to Pull US Out of Paris Climate Deal Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 957 comments This decision is a good one for America. It might be the beginning of the... CNN: Trump Tells Congress He's Pulling Out of Paris Climate Accord Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 871 comments I see the leftists crying and saying the Paris Climate Agreement... CNN: Comey to Testify in Public That Trump Pressured Him to End Russia Probe Wednesday, 31 May 2017 | 940 comments Except as political tools because that's all Comey is. A political hack.... Trump: 'Big Story' Is About 'Unmasking and Surveillance' Thursday, 01 Jun 2017 | 897 comments The American people are not stupid, and we are patiently waiting for the... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD): It’s Do or Die Time for AMD Stock AMD stock slightly favors bulls, but a drop below $10 would change that By Bret Kenwell, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 27, 2017, 1:08 pm EDT     Popular Posts: Is It Time to Bail on Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock? Facebook Inc (FB): Wait for the Pullback, Then Buy FB Stock for the Long Term BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Is the Next Nvidia Corporation (NVDA). What? Recent Posts: BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Is the Next Nvidia Corporation (NVDA). What? Why General Motors Company (GM) Stock Is a Better Buy Than Ford Facebook Inc (FB): Wait for the Pullback, Then Buy FB Stock for the Long Term View All Posts Shares of Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) have been on a volatile ride this month. AMD stock came into May hot, up 20%. Shares subsequently lost 24% after AMD missed revenue estimates and reported in-line earnings results. Source: Matthew Rutledge via Flickr Those losses were seemingly in the rearview mirror when, in mid-May, rumors of a licensing deal between AMD and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) materialized. No comment from the company and denial from Intel caused those gains to fade though. Moving Forward with Advanced Micro Devices Shares are still down about 19% for the month of May. Despite the decline, Advanced Micro Devices is still up a whopping 184% over the past 12 months. Investors now need to figure out if it’s time to bail on AMD stock or get in on the action. A big part of AMD’s story is execution. Basically, can management deliver? Over the past six quarters, AMD has beaten EPS estimates four times and had in-line results the other two. In that same span, Advanced Micro Devices has beaten revenue estimates five times. Not to get too historical, but AMD didn’t have one beat in either category for the six quarters prior to that period. So, to say management is improving would be an understatement. Analysts expect earnings of 7 cents per share in 2017. It would be a big deal if AMD were to become profitable this year, after four years of losses. Building on that momentum, analysts expect ~330% earnings growth in 2018 to 30 cents per share. This is where management’s execution comes into play. Advanced Micro’s debt picture is another reason for optimism. In June, AMD was carrying $2.24 billion in debt. As of last quarter, that figure stood at just $1.41 billion, a reduction of 37%. Finally, there’s valuation. As AMD works toward profitability, its earnings-based valuation is just okay. But, on a sales-basis, Advanced Micro Devices isn’t too bad. In fact, trading at 2.33x trailing sales is lower than both Intel and Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA). On a forward sales basis, AMD is also cheaper. Trading AMD Stock AMD gives bullish traders a good opening — albeit, a slight one. Support currently sits at the 200-day moving average, around $10.10. Below that, the stock is pretty iffy. Source: Stockcharts.com That’s good for bulls and bears alike though. Bulls can use this level, or one close to it, as their stop-loss. AMD stock should rally should that level hold, although it could have trouble clearing $12.50. Previously serving as support, this level will now likely act as resistance and give AMD stock limited upside. Make no mistake about it, AMD suffered some big damage when it fell on earnings. But, a run back to $12.50 would represent a 15%-20% return, depending on where investors buy the stock. The Intel-rumor rally gave hope to bullish momentum returning. But, its negative reaction could cause the MACD to turn bearish once more (purple circle). That’s what gives bears some hope. Should the MACD turn bearish — the black line falling below the red line — and the $10 level give way as support, bears will be in control. In that case, there’s no real way to know how much downside could exist. But, one thing would be certain: Bulls would be in trouble. At least in the short-term, then, being long AMD would be painful. In the current case of Advanced Micro Devices, the advantage goes to bulls, for now. But, that will change if AMD stock falls below $10. Bret Kenwell is the manager and author of Future Blue Chips and is on Twitter @BretKenwell. As of this writing, Bret Kenwell held no positions in any security mentioned. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/trading-amd/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Hello Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 251% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 117% 59% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 65% 56% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 50% 32% Returns as of 6/4/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Will Himax Technologies Stock Rebound on This Potential Design Win? The company missed estimates but gave investors an encouraging signal that business could soon take off. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 27, 2017 at 12:00PM Himax Technologies' (NASDAQ:HIMX) fiscal 2017 first quarter failed to meet Wall Street's revenue and earnings targets, thanks to lower orders from its augmented reality (AR) and smartphone customers. Nevertheless, shares initially jumped more than 12% after the report as the semiconductor and sensor specialist has potentially landed an important design win with a major smartphone customer. Why Himax can land a spot at Apple As it turns out, Himax has received a large order commitment from an unnamed customer for its wafer-level optics (WLO) sensors. Rumors suggest that this could be Apple as the next iPhone is expected to feature 3D sensing technology, so Cupertino could be tapping Himax to supply the 3D scanners. Image source: Himax Technologies.  Back in March, noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo predicted that the next iPhone's front camera will come equipped with AR capabilities and advanced facial recognition. What's more, the front camera is also expected to take 3D selfies and scan 3D objects. Morgan Stanley analyst Charlie Chan believes that Himax could become the supplier of choice for Apple given its progress in WLO technology (via Barron's): Today, Intel's RealSense 3D camera has enabled 3D sensing in PC/tablet platforms. Himax's wafer-level optics (WLO) technology can further reduce the size and fit the 3D sensing in smartphones. Now, Himax has been dropping subtle hints regarding the uptake of its WLO products. Earlier this year, the company pointed out that it will spend between $50 million and $55 million to enhance its WLO and liquid-crystals-on-silicon (LCOS) capacity. More specifically, Himax had pointed out that the "WLO technology is adopted by our customers to enable new things such as 3D depth scanning," so it was already preparing for a production ramp to meet an anticipated jump in demand. Now, a design win at Apple has probably encouraged Himax to boost investment in this area. The semiconductor specialist will spend $80 million to build new WLO capacity this year with a major ramp slated to begin in the third quarter. In fact, Himax believes that it will witness "explosive revenue growth" once this technology goes mainstream, and the company is already collaborating with leading OEMs to achieve this goal. Why a place in the iPhone will be big for Himax Himax Technologies has struggled to increase revenue in recent quarters, while its margin has also been on the decline as some of its AR customers have decided to scrap current-generation products. Data by YCharts. A design win for the next iPhone will bring about a much-needed boost to its financials. Chan believes that 20% of Himax revenue will come from 3D sensing products in 2018. Consensus estimates place revenue growth at 14% in fiscal 2018 versus a 6% decline this year. The turnaround makes sense if Apple ends up manufacturing approximately 100 million units of its next-generation smartphone. That will deliver significant top line gains to Himax, and the adoption of its 3D sensing products will also have a positive effect on the bottom line since they carry higher margins. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 27, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Himax Technologies NASDAQ:HIMX $7.80 up $0.22 (2.90%) Read More What to Look For in Himax Technologies' Q1 Results Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Plunged Today Himax Technologies History: Everything Investors Need to Know Why Himax Technologies, Inc. Stock Fell 19.1% in September 2 Things Himax Technologies Needs to Prove in 2017 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Will Himax Technologies Stock Rebound on This Potential Design Win? @themotleyfool #stocks $HIMX
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Acquisitions accelerate as tech giants seek to build Artificial Intelligence smarts iCrowdNewswire – May 27, 2017 A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc’s (GOOGL.O) Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Facebook Inc (FB.O) and Intel Corp (INTC.O), respectively, according to CB Insights. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data. The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co (F.N) invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL]. Startups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. “What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and startup communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare startup Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors’ recommendations. “For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies,” said Forward Chief Executive Officer Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. “But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate.” Artificial intelligence companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, chief executive of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the company in late 2013. Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc (ULVR.L) and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” Zeiler said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. Startups rarely have the capital to compete, but a company with a specialized mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, ‘I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,’” Gundotra said. (Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Lisa Shumaker) http://www.reuters.com/article/us-tech-startups-ai-idUSKBN18M2ED?utm_source=applenews CategoriesUncategorized Tags(North America, artificial intelligence, English, Press Release, ThomsonReuters Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AI disrupts translations – the Google Translate App’s ability to translate text from photos comes out of deep learning techniques Next PostNext Hub and Spokes trade initiative reaches milestone as it scales up impact Search Recent Posts High Voltage Circuit Breaker Market 2017 Worldwide Detailed Analysis by Covering All Major Industrial Aspects 2022 Speech by CE at World Sustainable Built Environment Conference 2017 Hong Kong (English only) Software Defined Networking Will Underpin Enterprise Connectivity in Australia as Organisations Seek to Optimise Cost and Bandwidth Herbalife Nutrition Announces That in the Month of May 90% of Sales in the United States Were Documented Purchases by Consumers, Far in Excess of the 80% Threshold Called for in its Agreement With the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Solar Industry Urges Nevada Governor to Sign Bill Supporting Solar Jobs and Homeowners in State Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
High-Def Digest Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming Blu-ray Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Gaming HD Gear Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Blu-ray Ultra HD Games Home News HD Gear News Roundup: Dolby Atmos Laptops, Quantum Dot Tablet, Alexa for DISH DVR, and More HD Gear News Roundup: Dolby Atmos Laptops, Quantum Dot Tablet, Alexa for DISH DVR, and More Posted Fri May 26, 2017 at 10:00 PM PDT by Steven Cohen We've compiled the latest gear news, including new laptops with Dolby Atmos tech, a tablet with quantum dots, and voice control for DISH DVRs.  From product announcements and streaming app updates to general industry news and recent gear trends, keeping up with the latest tech news can be a daunting task. With that in mind, we're here to offer you a roundup of some of the latest gear and consumer electronics news that you may have missed. For this edition, we're covering new Huawei MateBook laptops with Dolby Atmos technology, an Acer tablet with a quantum dot display, the launch of Alexa voice control for the DISH Hopper DVR, the arrival of the Starz app on Samsung Smart TVs, and Screen Innovations' ambient light rejecting tech. So, without further ado, here's a rundown of some of the latest gear and tech news: Huawei Announces New MateBook Laptops with Dolby Atmos Sound Systems Huawei has revealed its new series of MateBook Laptops. The products will feature the world's first Dolby Atmos Sound System with custom speakers and software specially designed for a PC form factor. "Dolby Atmos Sound System is enabling a new level of immersive experiences through PC speakers, extending the reach of Dolby Atmos into the portable realm," said Giles Baker, SVP, Consumer Entertainment Group, Dolby Laboratories. "This innovation is made possible through deep collaboration in both hardware and software engineering, and we are thrilled to partner with Huawei on its new feature-rich set of laptops." The MateBook Dolby Atmos Sound Systems were developed in partnership with Dolby and offer boosted bass, enhanced volume without distortion on speakers and headphones, and a larger range of frequencies. The flagship Huawei MateBook X model will include two motors in each speaker, placed in an upward-firing configuration to direct sound at the listener in a clear and natural way. And beyond Atmos audio, the MateBook X features a 13-inch 2K display, a seventh-generation Intel Core i7 processor, 8GB of RAM, and a 512GB SSD. In addition, the Huawei MateBook D will also feature a Dolby Atmos Sound System.  "We are very excited to continue our track record of bringing to market high-end consumer devices with the latest technologies," said Richard Yu, CEO of Huawei's Consumer Business Group. "And what better way to showcase our innovation than working with Dolby, the innovator in sound and imaging technology, to bring the best possible audio experience to our customers." Pricing has not been announced for the new Huawei MateBook laptops with Dolby Atmos, but the MateBook X is expected to hit the market this summer. Sources: Dolby, Engadget Acer Details Iconia Tab 10 Tablet with Quantum Dot Display Acer has announced the latest addition to its tablet lineup. The new Iconia Tab 10 (A3-A50) has been designed with premium multimedia experiences in mind, and includes quantum dot display technology. The device is powered by quad-core MediaTek processor running Android 7.0 Nougat, and is rated for up to 8 hours of battery life. An Acer-patented subwoofer and four speakers with DTS-HD Premium Sound are integrated as well, along with 802.11ac wireless support. In addition, the 10-inch IPS display features wide-viewing-angles and quantum dot technology. Quantum dot tech places nano-crystals on a film over an LCD display's backlight. The nano-crystals then emit different colors when exposed to light depending on their size, offering a wider color range with higher brightness, deeper saturation, and better accuracy. Pricing and availability for the Iconia Tab 10 (A3-A50) has not been announced yet. Source: Acer DISH Launches Alexa Support for Hopper DVR & Brings DISH Anywhere App to Amazon Fire TV DISH has announced the arrival of Amazon Alexa compatibility for its Hopper 3 and Wally set-top boxes. With Alexa support, users can now control their set-top boxes with voice commands through a paired Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap. "Hopper and Alexa introduce next-level convenience that redefines the way TV fits into our lives," said Niraj Desai, DISH vice president of product management. "Instantly, it's easier to read player stats on your phone while flipping between basketball games; to chop ingredients in the kitchen while rewinding a TV scene you just missed; to snack on popcorn while searching for your favorite film – the list goes on." Broadband-connected Hopper DVRs (all generations) or Wally set-top boxes can now pair directly with an Amazon Echo, Echo Dot, or Amazon Tap, adding hands-free Alexa voice control support for navigation, play, pause, fast-forward, rewind, and searches based on channel, title, actor or genre. In addition, universal search functionality works across DISH's live, recorded, and on-demand titles as well as Netflix's library of TV shows and movies. For instance, a customer could simply say "Alexa, tune to AMC" or " Alexa, find Matt Damon movies" to change channels or search for films. Meanwhile, DISH has also announced the launch of its DISH Anywhere app on the Amazon Fire TV and Fire TV Stick. The app lets Hopper customers watch all of their live and recorded content, along with thousands of DISH on-demand titles, from any location on Internet-connected mobile devices, computers, and now through Fire TV devices. "While DISH Anywhere has historically been embraced on mobile devices, users are now getting even more of what they want – their DISH subscription on any TV at no extra cost," said Niraj Desai, DISH vice president of product management. "DISH Anywhere on Fire TV is an excellent value that further brings choice and flexibility to our customers' television experience." Sources: DISH 1, DISH 2 Samsung Adds Starz Streaming to Smart TV App Lineup Samsung has announced the addition of the Starz streaming app to select Samsung Smart TVs, including 2014 and newer models with the Smart Hub. The Starz streaming service provides access to more than 4,300 selections each month, including STARZ original series like Outlander, Power, The Girlfriend Experience, and American Gods, as well as popular movies including Ant-Man and Star Wars: The Force Awakens. The app is available as a standalone service for $9 per month. Likewise, users who already have an authenticated Starz subscription from participating cable, satellite, and telco partners can also use the app as part of their existing plan.  In addition to Samsung Smart TVs, the Starz app is also available through the Amazon Fire TV, Xbox One, Apple TV, iPhones and iPads running iOS 8.0 or higher, Roku devices, Sony Android TVs, and most Android phones, tablets, and TV devices. Source: Samsung Screen Innovations Highlights Ambient Light Rejecting Screen Technology Screen Innovations has released a new educational video discussing the technology behind Ambient Light Rejecting Screens (ALR) for projectors. The clip explains why not all ALR screens are created equal and details three different ways the company can bring the big screen experience to viewers, even with the lights on. Check out the video below! Source: Screen Innovations (YouTube) See what people are saying about this story in our forums area, or check out other recent discussions. Share: Facebook Google+ Twitter Tags: Dolby Atmos, Quantum Dots, Starz, Samsung, Apps, Alexa, DISH, Screen Innovations (all tags) Permalink LATEST REVIEWS BLU-RAY ULTRA HD My Life as a Zucchini 4 Stars Insecure: The Complete First Season 3.5 Stars Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man 3 Stars They're Playing with Fire 3 Stars Aftermath 3.5 Stars John Wick: Chapter 2 4 Stars Logan 4.5 Stars View All A50 Wireless Headset + Base Station (Gen 3) (PS4) 4 Stars HyperX Alloy FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard (PC) 4.5 Stars Let it Die (PS4) 4 Stars Shantae: Half-Genie Hero (PS4) Telltale's The Walking Dead: Season Three - A New Frontier (Xbox One) 3 Stars Beholder (PC) 4 Stars Batman: The Telltale Series - City of Light (Xbox One) 4 Stars View All Ex Machina - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Snitch - Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Dredd - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars John Wick: Chapter 2 - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4 Stars Iron Man Trilogy - Ultra HD Blu-ray (German Import) 4 Stars Logan - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 4.5 Stars The Great Wall - 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 3.5 Stars View All LATEST NEWS BLU-RAY Rupert Sanders' 'Ghost in the Shell' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supernatural,' 'Species,' and More Is 'Logan' The End of Superhero Movies? (Or the Beginning of Phase Two)? Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Supergirl,' 'Prison Break,' and More 'The Boss Baby' Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, and 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Supplements Detailed (UPDATED) Studiocanal Prepping James Cameron's 'Terminator 2: Judgment Day' for Blu-ray 3D HBO Unleashes Trailer for 'Game of Thrones' Season 7 Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Free Fire,' 'The Warlock Collection,' and More Blu-ray News Roundup: 'Blindspot,' 'Joe Versus the Volcano,' and More James Gray's 'The Lost City of Z' Blu-ray Detailed (UPDATED) View All ULTRA HD 'Smurfs: The Lost Village' Announced for Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'Batman & Harley Quinn' Blu-ray & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced 'Kong: Skull Island' Announced for Blu-ray, 3D, & 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray 'The Lincoln Lawyer' 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Bound "A Tribute to Those Killed by John Wick" Facebook Live Stream Set for May 23 Rumor Mill: 'E.T.' & 'Close Encounters' Headed for 4K Ultra HD Blu-ray Ridley Scott's 'Alien: Covenant' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Up for Pre-Order! 'The Fate of the Furious' Blu-ray & Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated & Detailed (UPDATED) Danny Boyle's 'T2: Trainspotting' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Announced Daniel Espinosa's 'Life' Blu-ray and Ultra HD Blu-ray Dated and Supplements Detailed [UPDATED) View All HD GEAR Gift Guide: Gear for Dads & Grads HD Gear News Roundup: ASUS HDR Monitor, Plex Live TV, and More Pioneer Reveals New Elite 7.2-Channel AV Receivers with Dolby Atmos & DTS:X LG Launches ProBeam Laser Projector for $1,500 LG Releases SJ9 Dolby Atmos Sound Bar HDD Gear Deals: Up to 59% off Subwoofers Streaming News Roundup: 'Castlevania,' 'Logan Lucky,' and More HD Gear News Roundup: Dolby Atmos Laptops, Quantum Dot Tablet, Alexa for DISH DVR, and More TCL 55P607 P-Series Ultra HD TV with Dolby Vision Pre-Orders Now Live for $599 Hisense Launches 2017 H9D & H9D Plus ULED 4K UHD TV Lineup View All THE BONUS VIEW Weekend Roundtable: Favorite Movies by Female Directors ‘Graduation’ Review: Painful Parenting Weekend Movies: Days of Wonder ‘Finding Kim’ Review: A Sensitive Tale of Transgender Pride ‘The Transfiguration’ Review: Fangs Not Required ‘Wonder Woman’ Review: Whew! It’s Good! ‘Captain Underpants’ Review: Poop Happens ‘The B-Side: Elsa Dorfman’s Portrait Photography’ Review: Morris Mines Minor Magic ‘Gotham’ 3.20 Recap: “Let Blood Avenge Blood” Poll: Do You Buy SteelBooks Even If You Don’t Like the Artwork? View All High-Def Digest Bringing you all the best reviews of high definition entertainment. Founded in April 2006, High-Def Digest is the ultimate guide for High-Def enthusiasts who demand only the best that money can buy. Updated daily and in real-time, we track all high-def disc news and release dates, and review the latest disc titles. Copyright © 2017 Internet Brands, Inc. All rights reserved. Blu-ray News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders HD DVD Archive Games News Reviews Release Dates Amazon Pre-orders Blog 3D At the Movies HD Content Home Theater TV Forums Blu-ray Software Blu-ray Bargains HD Smackdown Gaming Smackdown Home Theater Gear Our Site Web Search Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe via RSS About Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Use Disclaimer Careers Advertising Feedback
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  05 June 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER Latest News Asian stocks start positive despite London attack  Edocto supplies electricity, safe water in rural areas Govt proves generous with its guarantee BRAC Onnesha launches into space Taxpayers may submit revised returns BD rethinks MIP of some Indian goods Remittance inflow rises 16pc ERD begins talks with Eminent Persons' Group Economists downbeat about budget Meat prices go beyond fixed rate SCB offers support to OBOR initiative TIME - 09:38 am National Edocto supplies electricity, safe water in rural areas Economy Remittance inflow rises 16pc World HRW condemns Israel's '50 years of abuses' Stock Asian stocks start positive despite London attack  Govt proves generous with its guarantee TOP NEWS BRAC Onnesha launches into space Taxpayers may submit revised returns BD rethinks MIP of some Indian goods ERD begins talks with Eminent Persons' Group Economists downbeat about budget Meat prices go beyond fixed rate SCB offers support to OBOR initiative Oil sale profit reaches Tk 73.34b in FY17 BGMEA again demands full withdrawal of source tax WB allots $100m to diversify exports Ten cos grab 39pc of total turnover June 4, 2017, 10:02 pm Top ten traded companies grabbed nearly 39 per cent transaction of prime bourse on Sunday while United Power Generation & Distribution Company topped the chart. Turnover, the crucial indicator of the market, came down to Tk 4.60 billion on the Dhaka Read more Major sectors witness mixed performance on DSE: Analysis June 4, 2017, 10:00 pm All indices Sunday closed marginally higher amid mixed performance showed by major sectors. On the day, the turnover went down below Tk 5.0 billion as investors' participation in share trading declined on the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE). At the end of the Read more Economy BIDA to formulate investment plans at divisional level The Bangladesh Investment Development Authority (BIDA) will work out investment plans at the divisional level to encourage local entrepreneurs and ensure growth at the grassroots level. The organisation’s Executive Chairman Kazi M Aminul Islam has said BIDA will look beyond big cities like Dhaka and Chittagong to promote economic growth. “We want to take investments to the village level,” he said, speaking at a discussion in the northern Rajshahi district. BIDA has already adopted an ambitious plan to attract investors to help the government achieve its Vision 2021 of becoming a middle income country. It wants to improve Bangladesh’s ranking in the World Bank’s Bangladesh targets 1.0m bales cotton production June 4, 2017, 5:41 pm US, UK slowest economies in the G7 June 4, 2017, 5:02 pm Deflationary trend in US economy ‘worrisome’ June 4, 2017, 12:58 pm FBCCI wants excise on account balance to go June 3, 2017, 9:46 pm Private investment stagnates, consumption demand dives June 3, 2017, 10:48 pm Finance New five-taka note to be issued Monday A new currency note denominating taka five will be issued from Bangladesh Bank’s head office on Monday. The new note signed by Senior Finance Secretary Hedayetullah Al Mamoon will subsequently be available in other offices of the central bank, said a JS may discuss bank excise duty Muhith rules out VAT impact on prices Tax returns submission could be mandatory for all private executives Proposed budget needs some amendments: FICCI Editorial Arson attack in Rangamati and hate crime The recent death of young Jubo League leader Nurul Islam Arson attack in Rangamati and hate crime The recent death of young Jubo League leader Nurul Islam Op-Ed The impact of climate change on Sundarbans Based on the climate model projections, it is evident that The impact of climate change on Sundarbans Based on the climate model projections, it is evident that Connecting people to Nature The United Nations in 1972 declared June 05 as World Connecting people to Nature The United Nations in 1972 declared June 05 as World The power of mini-grids Despite impressive economic development in recent years, Africa still lags The power of mini-grids Despite impressive economic development in recent years, Africa still lags Stock BSEC approves Peninsula SBC Unit Fund One The securities regulator has approved the draft prospectus of Peninsula Sadharan Bima Corporation Unit Fund One and Tk 5.0 billion Post-budget trading session edge higher City Bank’s bond issue gets green light Stocks witness mixed trend in early trading Can US tech rally continue?  Markets hit by sluggish US job growth US stocks end record highs Proposal to consider income of AIF as dividend Stocks stay positive for 2nd week on budget hype National Trial date set for five HuJI terror suspects A Chittagong court has ordered the trial of five suspected Harkat-ul-Jihad or HuJI militants detained last December. The suspects were indicted in two weapons cases and one explosives case by Chittagong Joint Metropolitan District and Sessions Judge Bilkis Akhter on Sunday. Depositions in the three cases will begin on July 25, said state lawyer Rashedul Alam. The five suspects are Iftesham Ahmed, Abujar Hilly terrain gives hard time in ensuring water supply in CHT Hamid, Hasina for protecting environment, biodiversity PM likely to visit Sweden on June 15-16 Govt intends to train 61,800 parents: Chumki Govt always alert for safety of Sundarbans: PM Man gets death over Bagerhat double murder Oishee’s appeal verdict on Monday Moudud loses Gulshan residence Trade and Market Bangladesh needs capacity building to get optimal benefits Bangladesh needs to build its capacity including human resources and technological advancement to get optimum benefits out of its marine resources following the delimitation of the maritime boundary. Besides, there is an urgent need for strengthening coastal security and improving seaport facilities to attract regional goods transport through the country to utilise vast possibilities of the blue economy. The observations came at IWAI projects on track, may drop bond issue plan US considers possible ban against Venezuela oil sector Russia lifts sanctions on Turkish food Why this hotel is employing cats? Meat traders give DNSC 7-day ultimatum BB taking over Apan Jewellers’ gold Bangladesh contributes 0.15pc to WTO budget   Bangladesh 4th in clothing export to OIC countries World Police arrests 12 in connection with London attack Police made 12 arrests in east London on Sunday in connection with an attack on Saturday night in which seven Police identify Manila casino killer France, India to back Paris climate deal Malta’s PM wins snap poll Sci-tech Reused spacecraft put into orbit SpaceX blazed through another milestone for the commercial space industry by reusing a Dragon spacecraft for first time ever, according 'US hackers could have framed Russia in election hack' Science and technology fair begins in Netrakona $4,100 fine for 'liking' Facebook posts Education DU to observe world environment day Dhaka University (DU) Institute of Disaster Management and Vulnerability Studies (IDMVS) will observe the 'World Environment Day 2017' in a befitting manner on Monday. Marking the day, a rally will be brought out from Aparajeyo Bangla premises at 10 am and a debate competition on 'Youth Climate Parliament Environment Debate' will be held at RC Mazumder Auditorium on the campus at 10.30 am, said a press release on Monday. DU Vice-Chancellor Professor AAMS Arefin Siddique will attend the programmes as chief guest ... Nahid calls for establishing equity-based society 1,69,635 teachers recruited at primary level: Mostafizur Jahangirnagar University halls to reopen on June 8 Sports Pakistan 113/3 in 23 overs Pakistan were struggling at 113/3 in 23 overs in ICC Champions Trophy 4th match (Group B) against India in Birmingham on Sunday. Brief scores: India 319/3 (48/48 overs; Pakistan 113/3 in 23 overs (41 ov, target 289). Pakistan require another 176 runs with 7 wickets and 18.0 overs remaining. Earlier, gritty knocks from captain Virat Kohli and opener Rohit Sharma, complemented by a dazzling cameo from Yuvraj Singh, have guided India to 319. Pakistan needed 324 runs to win from 48 overs as per ... Tigers to face Aussies today Maxwell targets Bangladesh bowlers Murray sinks Del Potro Health edotco supplies power, safe water to rural areas Bangladesh’s rural communities are benefiting from safe drinking water and electricity supplied by mobile tower company edotco Bangladesh as part of the company's corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives, which were unveiled on Saturday. With the "Tower to Power" project, which was launched in 2016, edotco Bangladesh was able to connect its solar-powered sites to supply electricity to nearby rural communities in Nijhum Dwip, Shibpur, Nazirpur and Kuakata.  The company was also successful in providing clean and safe drinking water to the villagers ... Child’s teeth can predict risk of autism? Delaying meals may affect body clock Breastfeeding linked to lower endometrial cancer risk Entertainment Eid shopping starts in Rangpur The Eid-ul-Fitr shopping has started to get momentum as people of all ages, especially young women, are rushing to shopping Jeet now due June 13 93-yr-old bride wants help to select dress for her wedding Ariana Grande Manchester benefit concert will feature Coldplay, Miley Cyrus Politics Khaleda hosts iftar for eminent personalities BNP Chairperson Khaleda Zia on Sunday hosted an iftar party for the professionals and eminent personalities of the country. The programme No AL nomination for you: Quader to Badi Proposed budget a big beautiful balloon: Moudud BCL men ‘attack’ DU student Country Sylhet cultivators to start Aus paddy farming SYLHET, June 04: Farmers in the greater Sylhet region are now taking preparation to start Aus paddy cultivation. However, the DAE Marginal brinjal growers making good profit 131 govt primary schools in Magura with no headmaster DAE holds field-day on BRRI Dhan-58 at Atrai PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina visits the stalls at National Tree Fair after inaugurating it at Agargaon in the capital on Sunday. — PID Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the joint Iftar and Doa Mahfil 2017 of Bangladesh Federal Union of Journalists (BFUJ) and Dhaka Union of Journalists (DUJ) at the Jatiya Press Club on Sunday. –bdnews24.com photo Farmers taking care of an Aus seedbed in Golapganj upazila of Sylhet. — FE Photo A peasant harvesting brinjal from a field in Bogra on Sunday. — FE Photo Centre for Policy Dialogue (CPD) Distinguished Fellow Dr Debapriya Bhattacharya speaks at a post-budget press conference of the think-tank in the capital on Friday. — FE Photo more news Rain likely in parts of country June 4, 2017, 11:29 pm US considers possible ban against Venezuela oil sector June 4, 2017, 9:53 pm Russia lifts sanctions on Turkish food June 4, 2017, 9:51 pm Why this hotel is employing cats? June 4, 2017, 6:40 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 89 ISSUES DECLINED 135 Most popular BD rethinks MIP of some Indian goods June 5, 2017, 12:20 am BRAC Onnesha launches into space June 5, 2017, 12:22 am Taxpayers may submit revised returns June 5, 2017, 12:21 am Govt proves generous with its guarantee June 5, 2017, 12:23 am SCB offers support to OBOR initiative June 5, 2017, 12:14 am Economists downbeat about budget June 5, 2017, 12:15 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG PRIMEINSUR 18.20 19.70 18.50 19.00 4.40 CMCKAMAL 25.30 26.60 25.30 26.40 4.35 TOSRIFA 28.70 30.30 28.70 29.90 4.18 RNSPIN 20.60 21.60 20.70 21.40 3.88 SUMITPOWER 39.60 41.50 39.70 41.10 3.79 PTL 31.90 33.00 32.20 32.90 3.14 PDL 22.70 23.50 22.60 23.40 3.08 MBL1STMF 8.10 8.40 8.00 8.30 2.47 UPGDCL 182.80 188.80 182.00 187.20 2.41 CITYBANK 34.60 35.70 34.40 35.40 2.31 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation MBL1STMF 8.00 8.40 8.00 8.40 5.00 TOSRIFA 28.70 30.30 28.70 30.00 4.53 SUMITPOWER 39.70 41.50 39.70 41.40 4.28 EASTERNINS 29.00 30.20 29.00 30.20 4.14 CMCKAMAL 25.50 26.60 25.30 26.50 3.92 ISLAMIINS 25.50 26.70 25.50 26.40 3.53 CITYBANK 34.50 35.70 34.40 35.60 3.19 DOREENPWR 143.00 147.40 142.80 147.10 2.87 NORTHERN 465.00 489.00 465.00 478.10 2.82 RELIANCE1 10.90 11.20 10.90 11.20 2.75 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SONARGAON 12.70 12.30 12.00 12.00 -5.51 NURANI 20.80 20.90 19.50 19.70 -5.29 UNITEDINS 26.90 25.50 25.50 25.50 -5.21 BSC 58.20 58.30 54.80 55.20 -5.16 JUTESPINN 60.70 60.50 55.90 57.60 -5.11 INTECH 17.40 17.50 16.60 16.70 -4.02 AGRANINS 17.80 17.20 17.00 17.10 -3.93 EASTERNINS 30.30 30.20 29.00 29.20 -3.63 TAKAFULINS 20.20 19.50 19.30 19.50 -3.47 AAMRATECH 38.30 38.20 36.90 37.10 -3.13 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation JUTESPINN 60.00 60.50 55.90 55.90 -6.83 BSC 58.30 58.30 54.80 55.10 -5.49 CENTRALINS 22.00 22.30 20.80 20.80 -5.46 REPUBLIC 27.20 27.20 25.80 25.80 -5.15 INTECH 17.50 17.50 16.60 16.60 -5.14 BDAUTOCA 82.70 82.70 79.00 79.00 -4.47 NFML 27.50 27.50 26.30 26.40 -4.00 AGNISYSL 28.00 28.30 26.90 26.90 -3.93 AMBEEPHA 404.70 404.70 389.00 389.00 -3.88 ACTIVEFINE 51.60 51.60 49.50 49.70 -3.68 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Davao girls shine at Intel Fair in LA | SunStar Skip to main content SunStar DAVAO Mon, June 5, 2017 SunStar DAVAO Home News Business Opinion Sports Feature Lifestyle Entertainment Superbalita Cagayan de Oro Cebu Davao SunStar Cebu Bacolod Baguio Cagayan de Oro Davao Dumaguete Iloilo Manila Pampanga Tacloban Zamboanga Mon, June 5, 2017 Home Local News Business Opinion Sports Feature Lifestyle Entertainment SuperBalita Home / Davao / Weekend / Davao girls shine at Intel Fair in LA Davao girls shine at Intel Fair in LA Time to read 2 minutes Share Print a- a+ Read so far Davao girls shine at Intel Fair in LA Saturday, May 27, 2017 By Liberato F. Ramos CALIFORNIA. Rubeliene Chezka Gloria, Myrelle Angela Colas and Nadine Antonette Obafial from Davao City National High School won the second grand award of US$1,5000 in the plant sciences from the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair held in Los Angeles, California on May 14-19, 2017. THEY proved that the acacia bark extract is an effective organic insecticide against the adult black rice bug. For this outstanding science investigatory project, Rubeliene Chezka Gloria, Myrelle Angela Colas and Nadine Antonette Obafial of the Davao City National High School brought home the second grand award of US$1,5000 in the plant sciences from the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair (ISEF) held in Los Angeles, California on May 14 to 19, 2017. The trio will be in Grade 10 when schools open in June. They will have the next three years until they graduate from senior high school to hone their research skills with new projects that can be of great benefit to the country. They brought honor and pride to their school and country, and they also earned a place in the galaxy. Their names will be given to three asteroids discovered by the MIT Lincoln Laboratory’s Near Earth Asteroid Research Program (LINEAR). The Fernandez, Colas and Obafial asteroids will join the main-belt asteroids previously named after Filipinos under that program: 28439 Miguel Reyes, 11697 Estrella, 12088 Macalintal, 12522 Rara and 13241 Biyo. The first was named after Miguel Arnold Reyes, a grand awardee for his materials and bioengineering project in the 2011 ISEF. The other three were those of awardees in the 2002 ISEF: Allan Noriel Estrella and Jeric Valles Macalintal for their physics team project, Prem Vilas Rara for his microbiology study, and Dr. Josette Biyo for excellence in teaching. The Davao team was part of this year’s ISEF Team Philippines, which included Ricky Dave Mercado of Nabuslot National High School, Pinamalayan, Oriental Mindoro and Maries Ann Silvestre of Juan R. Liwag Memorial High School, Gapan, Nueva Ecija. ISEF Team Philippines was consolidated from among the top winners in the life and physical sciences competition in the National Science and Technology Fair of the Department of Education held in Tagaytay City in December 2016. The Davao girls extracted their potential insecticide from chipped-off acacia bark. They set up experimental houses with rice plants and black rice bugs. They tested varying concentrations of acacia extract on the bugs for one week to determine which is more effective in killing them. Their coach is Julius Centina. Mercado examined the morphology of agricultural wastes—coconut husk, banana pseudo-stem and sugarcane husk—and he found that coconut husk fibers, which have more diverse microporous cells, have better noise and hear reduction properties. He competed in the environmental engineering category. Silvestre investigated the neuro-protective potential of coconut leaf extract using a transgenic worm in a search of a cure for Alzheimer’s Disease and Inclusion Body Myositis. The study competed in biochemistry. The Department of Education is looking at the victory of the young scientists from Davao National High School as an inspiration for the students who will pursue their science research plans as soon as the schools open in June. This year, around 1,800 finalists from 78 countries, regions and territories were in the ISEF in Los Angeles to vie for grand prizes in twenty categories. From the best of each category, the three ‘bests of the best’ went home with the Dudley E. Moore award of $75,000 and the two runners-up, Intel Foundation Young Scientist awardees, winning $50,000 each. Top winner Ivo Zell from Germany got the Moore award for his design of a small flying wing based on a bell-shaped lift distribution. Runner-ups Amber Young from Florida worked on a technique to predict the orbits of space junk circling the earth, and Valerio Pagliarino from Italy addressed how to get internet service to remote areas by using lasers to transmit signals between large high-voltage power transmission towers. Tags:  International Science and Engineering Fair Published in the SunStar Davao newspaper on May 27, 2017. Latest issues of SunStar Davao also available on your mobile phones, laptops, and tablets. Subscribe to our digital editions at epaper.sunstar.com.ph and get a free seven-day trial. DISCLAIMER: SunStar website welcomes friendly debate, but comments posted on this site do not necessary reflect the views of the SunStar management and its affiliates. SunStar reserves the right to delete, reproduce or modify comments posted here without notice. Posts that are inappropriate will automatically be deleted. Forum rules: Do not use obscenity. Some words have been banned. Stick to the topic. Do not veer away from the discussion. Be coherent and respectful. Do not shout or use CAPITAL LETTERS! View Comments More from Davao Weekend Y-Speak: The ruins that is Marawi Davao girls shine at Intel Fair in LA Y-Speak: To be told to shut up Y-Speak: Help Sarangani bares its underwater treasures, and more Y-Speak: Brigada Eskwela: A byword for school improvement A walk through Davao's history Zamboanga: A cultural destination Y-Speak: Lives matter Y-Speak: Broken friendship Most Commented Popular Duterte: No ceasefire Local News Duterte shares boodle fight meal with soldiers, police Local News Resorts World gunman dismissed by Ombudsman in 2014 Local News Follow us Region Bacolod Baguio Cagayan de Oro Cebu Davao Dumaguete Iloilo Manila Pampanga Pangasinan Tacloban Zamboanga Sections Local News Business Opinion Sports Lifestyle Feature Entertainment All rights reserved. SunStar Publishing, Inc. Home Letter to the Editor Public & Standards Editor Advertise with us About Us Contact Us Sitemap In Case You Missed It! (Something light from SunStar website) Experiencing a superstore Ribs for sharing Red hot! Fly for as low as P17 It's back to school God’s people who serve Not enough
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts NSA Director Mike Rogers poised to ‘drop a bomb’ on Trump admin during Wednesday testimony: MSNBC UK professor rips Trump’s mindless response to terror attacks: ‘Were you genetically engineered to be stupid?’ Kushner told coworker Trump knew birtherism was a lie but ‘Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’ Evangelicals who propelled Trump to White House now faced with rising army of ‘hidden atheists’ Fearing for her life, Iowa Democrat abandons race to unseat GOP Rep. Steve King North Carolina woman admits leading 30 parishioners in beating of gay church member to expel his ‘demons’ Monty Python’s John Cleese hilariously rebuts ‘stupid’ Twitter troll: ‘Read what I said. It’s about you’ Trump’s childhood church no longer wants him: ‘His policies go against our Biblical teaching’ Trump’s ‘sluggish’ pace filling federal jobs is making US more vulnerable to terror attacks Germany’s largest bank refuses to hand over evidence in Trump-Russia probe: Dem source Here are 5 of the most ridiculous — and dangerous — conspiracy theories spread by Sean Hannity Alexandra Rosenmann, AlterNet 27 May 2017 at 07:53 ET                    Sean Hannity (Fox News) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Much to Sean Hannity’s dismay, Fox News issued a long-awaited retraction on Tuesday of a story involving slain Democratic National Committee (DNC) staffer Seth Rich pushed heavily by the host. Naturally, Hannity hit back via Twitter, slamming liberal watchdog Media Matters for America for trying to get him fired. IMPORTANT! Mediamatters is trying to silence me, get me fired, pressure my advertising on radio & TV. Liberal Fascism. I need your help!! — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 23, 2017 “In case you haven’t been following it, the Seth Rich conspiracy holds that before his death (or, in this version of events, assassination) in July Mr. Rich had been involved in the leaking of Clinton campaign emails to WikiLeaks, which the United States intelligence community has attributed to Russian-sponsored hackers,” The New York Times summed up on Wednesday, just before Hannity lost his first advertiser amid fallout. But Media Matters and others have been debunking Hannity’s fake news for years. Here are 5 of his more baseless theories: 1. CIA framed Russia for hacking the DNC Fox News reported on Russia’s hacking the DNC as well as the January 6 Intel report. Yet, less than 48 hours after a Wikileaks dump of the Vault 7 documents (March 7), Hannity began citing Breitbart’s reporting of the scoop: “WikiLeaks: CIA Uses ‘Stolen’ Malware To ‘Attribute’ Cyberattacks To Nations Like Russia.” The Fox News host was joined on his show by retired 9/11-truther and torture proponent Army Lieutenant Colonel Anthony Schaffer. “Sean, we did it. Not me, but our guys, former members of NSA, retired intelligence officers used these tools to break in there and get the information out. That’s what the Democrats don’t want to talk about because it doesn’t fit their narrative,” Shaffer said. “You’re telling me this whole Russian story that the media has been running with for months and months and months — that it was our people that did it, and they put the fingerprints of the Russians on it?” Hannity asked. “That’s right,” Shaffer said, although he then admitted on-air he had no proof. 2. Hillary’s Health As Media Matters noted, Hannity perpetuated the rumor of  Hillary Clinton failing heath weeks after it was debunked. 3. Benghazi  “During the attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times, and we needed, you know, permission from the Libyans to actually save Americans, and that’s what they were discussing,” Hannity said, shortly after the GOP’s report on the 2012 attack, was released on June 28, 2016. Politifact rated Hannity’s comment mostly false. 4. Obamacare “Average Americans are feeling the pain of Obamacare and the healthcare overhaul train wreck,” Hannity announced in an  October 2013 episode. “and six of them are here tonight to tell us their stories.” One week later, Salon reporter Eric Stern had tracked down all six guests, proving their Obamacare misnomers were easily debunked. 5. Voter Fraud Hannity continues to cite Philadelphia’s overwhelming preference for Barack Obama over Mitt Romney in 2012 as proof of voter fraud. “In 59 separate precincts in inner city Philadelphia, Mitt Romney did not get a single vote! Not one!” he reiterated last August, nearly four years later. “Maybe I’m being conspiratorial,” he added. to which CNN’s Brian Stelter. answered, “Yes, Hannity, you are.” Essay: Trump is sowing doubt about the legitimacy of the election. It’s dangerous. Press has a duty to challenge him https://t.co/V6CCyZIfdF — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) August 7, 2016 Additionally, Fact.check.org has considered this an open-shut case as of January 2013. “It’s not mathematically impossible,” Lori Robertson wrote. “The 59 districts are in areas of the city that are mainly African American, as the Philadelphia Inquirer reported. And Obama received 93 percent of the black vote nationwide.” Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the Author Next on Raw Story > Trump’s ‘sluggish’ pace filling federal jobs is making US more vulnerable to terror attacks By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories Trump’s ‘sluggish’ pace filling federal jobs is making US more vulnerable to terror attacks ‘Another load of nonsense’: Putin denies having blackmail material on Trump Putin’s shrugs off dinner with Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ Police keep violence in check at Portland ‘Trump Free Speech’ rally ‘Someone help me, I’ve just been stabbed!’: London Bridge survivor tells harrowing story of attack Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News Trump’s ‘sluggish’ pace filling federal jobs is making US more vulnerable to terror attacks ‘Another load of nonsense’: Putin denies having blackmail material on Trump Putin’s shrugs off dinner with Michael Flynn: ‘I didn’t even really talk to him’ Police keep violence in check at Portland ‘Trump Free Speech’ rally Kushner told coworker Trump knew birtherism was a lie but ‘Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’ NSA Director Mike Rogers poised to ‘drop a bomb’ on Trump admin during Wednesday testimony: MSNBC New Videos ‘Another load of nonsense’: Putin denies having blackmail material on Trump ‘Someone help me, I’ve just been stabbed!’: London Bridge survivor tells harrowing story of attack Kushner told coworker Trump knew birtherism was a lie but ‘Republicans are stupid and they’ll buy it’ NSA Director Mike Rogers poised to ‘drop a bomb’ on Trump admin during Wednesday testimony: MSNBC WATCH LIVE: Ariana Grande hosts #OneLoveManchester benefit concert SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature A wealth of splendid 2016-17 games for the lousiest of hardware Home Featured Articles Prey 13 recent games that run well on terrible laptops By Alec Meer on May 25th, 2017 at 5:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit 1 of 14 ‘Terrible’ only in the sense of their gaming capability. Honestly, I’m sure your laptop is lovely to look at and it was definitely a extremely sensible idea to spend all that money on it instead of buying a holiday or helping to save the pandas. Truth is, though, that playing recently-released games on the vast majority of laptops is about as effective as starting an online petition to uncancel your favourite television show. A little discretion goes a long way, however. Sure, you may be denied the glossiest of exploding viscera, but it is entirely possible to keep up with the Joneses even on a Terrible Laptop that has no dedicated graphics card. Here are but twelve contemporary games – either recently released or still-evolving going concerns – that will indeed run on your glammed-up toaster. Additional suggestions below are entirely welcome. The exact definition of a Terrible (for gaming) Laptop clearly differs, but for the sake of argument, my test system has a dual-core cpu that runs at between 1.9 and 2.9GHz depending on load and heat (and thermal throttling to prevent overheat means it’s usually the former figure) and Intel HD 4400 integrated graphics, which borrows memory from the laptop’s 8GB of RAM. Absolutely fine for general purpose computing then, but as useful as a mohawk on a lobster when it comes to games. The Intel graphics on your Terrible Laptop may well have a lower or higher-sounding number than that, but in most cases don’t expect a great deal of variance. In some cases, though you might get excited about the mention of your laptop having AMD or NVIDIA graphics in it, the chip in question could still be so lowly as to offer you few extra options – and, as such, you are still the proud owner of a Terrible Laptop. As for performance, my criteria is a game that looks and feels playable at lowest settings and a resolution of 1280×720. Depending on the exact nature of the game in question and of your own Terrible Laptop, you may be able to go a bit higher than that. Oh, and ‘playable’ here means a minimum of 30 frames per second. Some games, particularly turn-based ones, are absolutely fine at lower than that, but 30 is our benchmark for this piece. Onto the games, anyway. Use the arrow keys above/below the images to navigate the list, or the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 56 Comments 25/05/2017 at 17:06 Ben Damage says: ROCKET LEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAGGGGUE!! Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 criskywalker says: OMG! OMG! OMG! Rocket League is one of the best games ever! You should really play it if you haven’t yet. So amazing. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:34 napoleonic says: I played it for a few hours on its recent free weekend. What’s the point? It’s just random. The ball rolls around the side of the arena with everyone chasing it, and when it passes a goalmouth occasionally it flukes in. I don’t get the appeal. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:48 ZippyLemon says: You have much to learn, young padawan. Log in to Reply 04/06/2017 at 03:45 monojoli says: what is the best game for resolution of 1280×720. Free Run 3 Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:16 theallmightybob says: really… a slide show. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:31 FrumiousBandersnatch says: Yes, i always wonder why they do this. Having all entrys on a single page (or a few pages in case of the really long ones) would be so much better. Must be an advertisement thing. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:35 theallmightybob says: Its honestly not what I’ve come to expect from this site, its just a little surprising. I understand it likely is to improve the article to advert ratio, but its annoying as hell to do to a list… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:20 April March says: I doubt it’s an advertising thing, because it doesn’t reload the page between slides, so they aren’t getting additional views. That or I’m really dumb about how it works. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 11:37 Rack says: They’re almost certainly working on the back end so it will get extra impressions. Just the content was available before the tech was. No-one WANTS the content to be harder to access and less portable. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:06 Chaoslord AJ says: Maybe it’s for mobile devices like all the horizontal videos over the web lately? Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 23:03 poliovaccine says: Fwiw, I first found this site by googling “best [genre here] games on pc,” and finding some lists of theirs like this. Stayed for the writing, of course, but it may well be a goldmine of SEO hits. Also yeah, I almost always read this site on mobile, and in that format, A.) I’ve always seen RPS do slideshows, and B.) it’s never bothered me. I dont see any extra ads – if they occur at the bottom of the screen, whatever, I dont see em. Hope RPS gets the teenths of a penny per view anyway. But scrolling on mobile gets finicky the longer the page, and having all these items in one page would be annoying to scroll through on a phone. I do think it’d make a good option at the start, an alt view that’s all in one like that, for those who’d rather it, but from a mobile perspective I dont mind their slideshows a bit. It’s not like they’re yr average copy-paste-from-reddit clickbait with a Next button that loads below a big ad that deforms the page in hopes you accidentally click on it – like I say, I see less ads in a slideshow than I do in a regular article, cus they’re all at the bottom, I just pass em omw to comments, if ever. Idk how it appears on a PC to be perfectly fair, but equally so, I wouldnt say this is some egregious, clickbaity practice here. I get the pavlovian response against slideshows, but to me the usual complaints dont register in this case. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:09 someoneelse84 says: I’m not one to normally complain. Having said that… The real thing that bugs me about the slideshow format is the lack of closure to the article. There’s no “You know guys, I learned something today…” It’s like there’s no cigarette after sex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 06:36 Eater Of Cheese says: The zaibatsu tick embedded in the RPS hivemind is twitching its monetisation sickle-talons, no doubt… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 07:50 Snargelfargen says: This is a funny pun, intentional or no. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:22 Danarchist says: Empyrion works well on crap rigs as well. Although I guess its not released yet so…theres that Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:26 Moulinette says: League of Legends came out in 2009. 8 years ago is recent? Ok Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:28 Chaoslord AJ says: I’d add the original Skyrim then, ran terrific on this old shell even without SSD. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:07 Fomorian1988 says: I suspect any lo-fi indie game will run on most laptops. VA-11 HALL-A, Papers Please, the Cube Escape games, any game by Kitty Horrorshow, Oxenfree, Sunless Sea… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:54 Barts says: Oxenfree actually run like crap on integrated graphic cards. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a lovely game, but I bought based on your assumption and had to postpone playing until I get a decent rig. So I’m sharing this here so that noone else makes the same mistake. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:19 nottorp says: Just stay away from indies made in Unity – even if they look lo fi, at the least they’ll put your laptop in screaming vacuum cleaner mode. Back when the “new” x-com 1 was new, i used to get 50% more battery life and less fan noise than any random Unity indie when playing it. And it’s still 3D. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:54 poliovaccine says: Yknow, I never realized it, but that’s super true. In fact I tend to whack down settings further than I need for smooth visual performance, cus I specifically want to chase down that horrific sound of whining, straining effort. Hadnt put it together but yeah, the first three games I can think of like that are Unity. Seems like even when CryEngine chugs it doesnt whine, ditto UE4. It’s certainly a hit or miss thing – I mean Prey is running beautifully for me, on Medium settings. A topdown isometric shouldnt run worse than that. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:14 CelticPixel says: My laptop’s bust at the moment, so I’m doing all my gaming on a Surface Pro 4. Eve Online looks and runs great on it and Killing Floor 2 is surprisingly playable at the lowest settings, with the odd bit of slowdown. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:34 particlese says: Another for the list is RPS’s own bestest best game of 2016, Devil Daggers. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:41 GeoX says: Seriously, you take the trouble to make this list, and then you include 2-D indie games that it’s transparently obvious would run well on any computer? What value did you think you were creating by putting something like that into the world, exactly? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:18 someoneelse84 says: I’m pretty sure the the point of the list was to highlight recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:22 GeoX says: Yes, thank you for answering a question I didn’t ask. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 lasikbear says: I think he was answering a question you implicitly asked, regarding the value of creating a list highlighting recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 29/05/2017 at 19:39 Kala says: u mad, bro? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:21 Nauallis says: Get triggered, bro. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 05:57 GeoX says: ? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:36 criskywalker says: I have to add Thimbleweed Park. Such a great game that is not demanding at all. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:55 dongsweep says: Great article, hope you keep it updated every few weeks or months. I preordered the surface pro 5 and am excited to use it for streaming PS4 and some good old rimworld but these add some additional possibilities to the mix! Thanks Alec! Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:06 ooshp says: I use my sp4 extensively for rocket league, gamecube & wii games on the go. A wireless controller, display port adapter & hdmi cable + pretty much any hotel room and you’re sorted. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:44 tehfish says: Ooh, caught me offguard with the Prey entry there. I’m currently loaning my new GPU to my brother, so i’m rocking my old 6950 GPU at the mo, which is well below the listed minimum specs so i had discarded that as an option for now. But if it’ll somewhat run on an intel IGP it’ll run on that for sure… Would mean tearing myself away from Rimworld though :P Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:20 Expose Gaming1 says: Wow, two of my favorite game are on this list. Rocket League and League of Legends. I am surprised at some of these picks, like Prey and Elder Scroll Online, I thought you need an amazing PC to run these. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:22 torkan217 says: An older workstation at much lower price will get you decent specs, especially cpu’s like the qm line which perform on par with some modern cpus in the passmark tests. I’ve got a Dell Precision m4600, 15.6″, 1080p, i7-2620m@2.7ghz/3.4 turbo dual core, 8GB RAM, quadro 1000m 2GB. From what I saw on the web the quadro 1000m is 20% overall less than an hd 4400. Most reviewers don’t even try newer or games perceived to be too demanding, this is a serious error. 30+ FPS means over 30 in normal play and usually above this up to 45 FPS. Call Of juarez Gunslinger, 1080p, 30-45, avg settings MGSV Phantom Pain, 30+, low/med settings, 1280×720, still looks really good MGS Ground Zeroes, 30, low settings, 1280×720, constant weather hurts it somewhat Fallout New Vegas Utlimate, 1080p, 35+, low/med settings Company of Heroes 1, 1080p, med settings, 35+ Dirt 3, med/high, 1080p, 30+ always WRC 4, med, 1080p, 30+ Infra, med 1080p, 30-40 Grid, med/high, 1080p, 35+ Need For Speed Hot Pursuit/NFS 11, 1600×900, 35+, med Skyrim, low/med, 1080p, 30+ Resident Evil REvelations, low/med, 1600×900, 40fps+ Deus Ex HR, low/med, 1600×900, 35+ Witcher 3, ultra low preset mod file, ~30 FPS, 1280×720 Arkham City, 1600×900, 35+, low/medium Fallout 4 was in the less than 20fps lowest settings, unplayable NierA, less than 20fps lowest, unplayable Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:34 left1000 says: dead cells should not be on this list. although it looks like it doesn’t require a fancy gpu, and I’m sure it doesn’t. It’s poorly optimized and lags on non-topoftheline cpu’s. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:02 Bernardo says: Yes, I’m having the same problem. It bugs me a bit, because I love to play these games when travelling and have only my work laptop with me. To be fair, the game gives you a warning that it’s not optmised for Intel cards, and hints at future optimisation. So there’s still hope. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:49 HoboDragon says: Motorsport Manager, esp. in the 2D mode runs well. Almost any 2D, pseudo 3D “pixel-art” game will run well (as already mentioned Stardew Valley), e.g. To The Moon, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Duskers, Terraria, Dungeon of the Endless, or older games such as SW KOTOR1/2…. (most games RPS recommended if I recall :-D) Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:06 Bernardo says: Recent Games that run smoothly or at least reasonably well on my integrated Intel HD 4400 Ultrabook not on this list: Salt and Sanctuary Shrouded in Sanity Order of Battle Thea: The Awakening Pillars of Eternity Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 23:05 Bernardo says: Not that recent, but Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2 also work like a charm (medium setings). Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:21 April March says: That Prey screenshot looks like it’s from a Prey tribute mod for Deus Ex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:30 poliovaccine says: As an owner of a terrible laptop, longtime lover of the immersive sim (since way before we had that term, i.e. back when Deus Ex looked like Deus Ex), and someone who’d previously ogled at Prey but felt forlornly resigned to spend the next year or so admiring it on others’ rigs from afar, I can safely say I care not an ass! That was some exciting news to me. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:58 Barts says: I played these on my Dell Latitude E7250 and I highly recommend them: Darkest Dungeon Sunless Sea Invisible Inc. Faster Than Light Rain World Duskers Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:10 ropeladder says: Another option is to just to play newer games on the lowest possible resolution. Speeds them way up and gives them a charming retro feel. How did that old quote go? “640×480 ought to be enough pixels for anybody.” Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:25 Chaoslord AJ says: Prey is the only entry that surprised me. Most indie games aren’t graphic fiestas and shouldn’t really need much performance. Same goes for mobile ports. Or anything not asking for x64 architecture specifically could run on obsolete hardware. Cartoon graphic adventures? Some developers can’t optimize them even for sota-gaming rigs but it’s not the fault of the hardware really. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:32 Chaoslord AJ says: Also: Path of Exile Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 16:25 Kitano1314 says: hi, laptop users should also consider : Pillars of Eternity, Shadowrun: Dragonfall, Panzer Corps, all the Paradox 4x’s, War in the East, Factorio, Battle Brothers, Tales of Maj Eyal, Pike and Shot, Medieval TW 2 and Starbound to name a few. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 01:23 Thirdrail says: I would really like to check this out, but you did it as an obnoxious slide show so instead I’m just going to leave. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 06:58 Lurid says: What about a laptop that overheats and shuts itself off if it runs minecraft for more than 10 minutes? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 16:48 Hammer1649 says: Perhaps asking the laptop really nicely? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 14:02 Skales says: Did this guy even play stellaris for longer than first hour? Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 17:59 Nixitur says: A recent game that I really like is Cosmic Star Heroine. To my surprise, it ran entirely smoothly on my potato of a laptop which is far worse than what Alec described as “terrible” in the article. Definitely worth a look if you like turn-based RPGs. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes came out in late 2015, is lovely, hilarious and runs well enough on that, too. Khimera: Destroy All Monster Girls is an exceedingly good 2D platformer. Not a fan of the artstyle, personally, but the strength of the gameplay made it very easy for me to look past that. Also, it’s free. VA-11 HALL-A is a cyberpunk bartending simulator with lovely characters and a fantastic soundtrack. Since it’s a visual novel, it running smoothly on terrible laptops is no surprise. And for those who think it “obvious” that 2D indie games would run flawlessly on laptops, I would like to point out that <a href="link to store.steampowered.com is very deliberately not on that list. It’s a fantastic game, don’t get me wrong, but it runs much slower than it’s supposed to on my laptop. That makes the game much easier. Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 18:05 Nixitur says: Somehow messed up the link there and ran out of editing time. That was supposed to be Downwell, must have messed up a closing bracket. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:25 poliovaccine says: Donno if it’s been said here already, or if this is too late for anyone to even read it, but upon discovering it works, I’m too excited not to share myself: Resident Evil 7! On a terrible laptop with an integrated Intel HD gfx card! Gotta whack down the resolution but it damn well plays! I had longed for that game but never thought my system might be able to handle it, so wrote it off til an upgrade. But then I found it has a demo – demo works a trick. Proceeding to get the full thing! Woop! Never would’ve thought to try, if not for Prey being in this list. Gotta thank RPS (again) for that one. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags American Truck Simulator, Dead Cells, Dota 2, feature, Hardware, League of Legends, Night in the Woods, Planescape: Torment: Enhanced Edition, Prey, RimWorld, Rocket League, Scanner Sombre, Stardew Valley, Stellaris, Stellaris: Utopia, The Elder Scrolls Online, The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind. Search for clues News and things Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Taking the mech The Long Journey Home gets easier in ‘Story Mode’ Blast off Gears of War 4 getting Horde Mode update and free trial Chainsaw massacre ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Party like it's 1999 And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation Free Loaders: Spruce up dead planets as little green men The best free games of the week Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Jakkar : “A difficult child. Hard to love. It took persistence, and several tries, before I clicked ...” on Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Solrax : “Thank you for this! I too was wondering what the actual gameplay was like.” on Wot I Think: The Long Journey Home RichUncleSkeleton : “And Steam isn't in the business of distributing commercially unviable games (and game-adjacent software). Artsy ...” on Valve confirm Steam Direct publishing fee: $100 ezbez : “I agree with this sentiment - it hardly seems more interesting than opening the map ...” on Club a penguin: Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator out of early access HigoChumbo : “The closest I can think of is the combat in Mount&Blade and the like. Maybe ...” on ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games Total War: Warhammer 2 is taking everything further Lizards riding dinosaurs How Little Nightmares' horrible characters were animated The long arm of the maw How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes Northwest Passages: Sailing into Terror Bay I wish I was in Sherbrooke now Have You Played… Planetside 2? I can do anything better Vanu The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. The Flare Path: Do & Don't #10 Sim sins unforgiven Best PC gaming deals of the week Neo Geo classics and Rising Storm 2 The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Wot I Think: gorgeous combat-free action puzzler RiME Many reasons to Rime How Edith Finch's most memorable scene works On fish and fairytales The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Have You Unleashed… Rat Chaos? Winner winner, chicken dinner Pride vs overheating: a story about PCs Never stop never stopping How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Unknown Pleasures: 10 lower-profile new Steam games Wheat from chaff Wot I Think: Tokyo 42 Monument Miami All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 9613 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.132% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Research Hub Tweet   Global Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022- MRH Report studies the global Automotive Infotainment and Navigation market, analyzes and researches the Automotive Infotainment and Navigation development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia.   Market Research Hub - Market Research Company (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 27, 2017 ) Report studies the global Automotive Infotainment and Navigation market, analyzes and researches the Automotive Infotainment and Navigation development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Request For Free Sample @ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1106170 Table of Contents Global Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022 1 Industry Overview of Automotive Infotainment and Navigation 1.1 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market Overview 1.1.1 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market by Type 1.3.1 Connectivity 1.3.2 Navigation 1.3.3 Fuel Efficiency 1.3.4 Safety and Audio. 1.3.5 Others 1.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Passenger Car 1.4.2 Commercial Vehicle 2 Global Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future 3 Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Microsoft Corporation 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Intel Corporation 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 Bose Corporation 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Audiovox Corporation 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 Visteon Corporation 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Genivi Alliance 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Automotive Infotainment and Navigation Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments Continue. Browse Full Report With TOC @ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-automotive-infotainment-and-navigation-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022-report.html Microsoft Corporation Intel Corporation Bose Corporation Audiovox Corporation Visteon Corporation Genivi Alliance ... Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Automotive Infotainment and Navigation can be split into Connectivity Navigation Fuel Efficiency Safety and Audio. Others Market segment by Application, Automotive Infotainment and Navigation can be split into Passenger Car Commercial Vehicle If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Make an Enquiry: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=enquiry&repid=1106170 About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRHs expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Read More Related News: https://www.industrynewsanalysis.com/ Contact Information: Market Research Hub Sudip S Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Mobile ransomware grows three-fold in first quarter : Kaspersky Lab Mobile ransomware grows three-fold in first quarter : Kaspersky Lab The volume of mobile ransomware has grown over three-fold during the first quarter of the year, says Moscow-based cyber security firm Kaspersky Lab. By: IANS | Moscow | Updated: May 27, 2017 1:29 pm The company recommended to use robust security solutions and make sure they keep all software up to date and regularly run a system scan to check for possible infection. (Source: AP) Related News WannaCry invasion preventable with patch, security updates, says Kaspersky Lab Top US Intel chiefs express doubts over Kaspersky Security Kaspersky lab identifies mysterious ‘Hajime’ malware affecting IOT devices globally As global ransomware attacks show no signs of slowing down, the volume of mobile ransomware has grown over three-fold during the first quarter of the year, a cyber security firm said on Friday. According to Moscow-based cyber security firm Kaspersky Lab, the number of mobile ransomware files detected reached 2,18,625 during the first quarter, compared to 61,832 in the previous quarter. The growth of ransomware attacks on all devices grew with 11 new cryptor families and 55,679 new modifications making their appearance in the first quarter. Also Read:  Top US Intel chiefs express doubts over Kaspersky Security “Ransomware targeting mobile devices soared in first quarter, with new ransomware families and modifications continuing to proliferate. People need to bear in mind that attackers can try to block access to their data not only on a PC but also on their mobile device,” said Roman Unuchek, Senior Malware Analyst at Kaspersky Lab. “Trojan-Ransom.AndroidOS.Fusob.h” remained the most widely used mobile ransomware, accounting for nearly 45 per cent of all users attacked by this threat. “Once run, the Trojan requests administrator privileges, collects information about the device, including GPS coordinates and call history, and uploads the data to a malicious server. Based on what it receives, the server may send back a command to block the device,” the company explained. According to Kaspersky Lab, it detected and repelled 480 million malicious attacks from online resources located in 190 countries all over the world and 80 million unique URLs were recognised as malicious by web antivirus components. Also Read:  Kaspersky lab identifies mysterious ‘Hajime’ malware affecting IOT devices globally “Attempted infections by malware that aims to steal money via online access to bank accounts were registered on 288,000 user computers,” the company said. Kaspersky Lab mobile security products also detected 13,33,605 malicious installation packages and 32,038 mobile banking Trojans. The company recommended to use robust security solutions and make sure they keep all software up to date and regularly run a system scan to check for possible infection. “Stay wise while online. Do not enter personal information into a website if you are at all unsure or suspicious. Back up valuable information,” the cyber security firm suggested. More Related News Over 50% cybercrime victims fail to recover lost money: Report About 28% WiFi hotspots globally are insecure: Kaspersky Lab For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Kaspersky Lab No Comments. Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested Chhattisgarh tweaks 38-year rule for tribal sterilisation, but govt nod still required SportsBatsmen shine as India complete Pakistan hammering Sports5 talking points from India's hammering of Pakistan  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’ ‘Parallel’ Jathedars drop all conditions to keep June 6 Operation Blue Star anniversary clash-free                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 05 Jun 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events Games The Express Tribune > Technology   Tech giants race for edge in artificial intelligence Share Tweet Tech giants race for edge in artificial intelligence 34 artifi­cial intell­igence startu­ps acquir­ed in the first quarte­r of 2017 By Reuters Published: May 27, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email 34 artificial intelligence startups acquired in the first quarter of 2017. PHOTO: AFP A total of 34 artificial intelligence startups were acquired in the first quarter of this year, more than twice the amount of activity in the year-ago quarter, according to the research firm CB Insights. Tech giants seeking to reinforce their leads in artificial intelligence or make up for lost ground have been the most aggressive buyers. Alphabet Inc’s Google has acquired 11 AI startups since 2012, the most of any firm, followed by Apple Inc, Facebook Inc and Intel Corp, respectively, according to CB Insights. The companies declined to comment on their acquisition strategies. A spokesman for Apple did confirm the company’s recent purchase of Lattice Data, a startup that specializes in working with unstructured data. The first quarter also saw one of the largest deals to date as Ford Motor Co invested $1 billion in Argo AI, founded by former executives on self-driving teams at Google and Uber Technologies Inc. The next revolution: artificial intelligence Startups are looking to go deep on applications of artificial intelligence to specific fields, such as health and retail, industry observers say, rather than compete directly with established companies. “What you will see is very big players will build platform services, and startup communities will migrate more to applied intelligent apps,” said Matt McIlwain, managing director of Madrona Venture Group. Healthcare startup Forward, for example, is using artificial intelligence to crunch data that can inform doctors’ recommendations. “For people who really want to focus on core AI problems, it makes a lot of sense to be in bigger companies,” said Forward Chief Executive Officer Adrian Aoun, who previously worked at Google. “But for folks who really want to prove a new field, a new area, it makes more sense to be separate.” Artificial intelligence companies that do remain independent field a steady stream of suitors: Matthew Zeiler, chief executive of Clarifai, which specializes in image and video recognition, said he has been approached about a dozen times by prospective acquirers since starting the company in late 2013. Toyota to use Nvidia’s AI technology for self-driving cars Clarifai’s pitch to customers such as consumer goods company Unilever Plc and hotel search firm Trivago is bolstered by its narrow focus on artificial intelligence. “(Google) literally competes with almost every company on the planet,” Zeiler said. “Are you going to trust them with being your partner for AI?” Tech giants have been locked in a bidding war for academics specializing in artificial intelligence. Startups rarely have the capital to compete, but a company with a specialized mission can win over recruits, said Vic Gundotra, chief executive of AliveCor, which makes an AI-driven portable heart monitor. “They say, ‘I want to come here and work on a project that might save my mother’s life,’” Gundotra said. Read more: Apple , Artificial Intelligence , Google Read full story Recommended Stories Google's AlphaGo clinches series win over Chinese Go master Chinese Go master Ke Jie says he will not compete against AI again due to its rapid improvement Artificial intelligence: Students bring their smart devices to GCU Spying robot, power system for satellites, automatic solar irrigation system among displays Artificial intelligence: Adobe's new app will let you take selfies like a pro Users will be able to edit 'embarrassing' selfies using an array of new editing tools Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 Singer Ali Haider lashes out at Waqar Zaka for exploiting Aamir Zaki's demise 2 India thrash Pakistan in Champions Trophy clash 3 Mardan Lynching: JIT says Mashal’s murder was premeditated 4 Five talking points from Pakistan’s humiliation against India 5 Woman kills husband for assaulting daughter-in-law 6 London terror attack death toll rises to seven 7 My last conversation with Aamir Zaki 8 Sponsored: The secret behind Fahad Mustafa’s unbeatable confidence and success 9 The story behind Aamir Zaki's 'Mera Pyar' in his own words 10 Guitarist Aamir Zaki passes away at 49 Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (June 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (May 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) More in TechnologyBritain’s real-life ‘Iron Man’ has high hopes for jet suit © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters Business World Sports Magazine Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics Mobile App This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… Catalog of 98 open-spec, hacker friendly SBCs 2017 survey of 98 hacker-friendly SBCs Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Tiny i.MX6 UL module loves Android Things Tiny foldable i.MX7 module squishes into 30 x 27 x 8mm EPIC SBC supports Kaby Lake or Skylake SMARC module and dev kit run Linux on dual-core Renesas SoC Linux-based AGL IVI stack to debut on 2018 Toyota Camry Quad-core Atom based Raspberry Pi lookalike is ready to roll Udoo spins $89 quad-core Intel Braswell hacker SBC Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Raspberry Pi enters thin client mainstream May 26, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 2,958 views NComputing’s “RX-HDX” thin client joins ViewSonic’s newly revised “SC-T25” as the second major Citrix HDX ready thin client based on the Raspberry Pi 3. Is the Raspberry Pi ready to take over the low-end thin client market? This week, NComputing unveiled the RX-HDX, its second Raspberry Pi based thin client. In addition, ViewSonic announced a software upgrade for the Pi-based SC-T25 thin client that it announced last year. The future of thin clients — low-cost, remotely managed virtual client computers — has always been a question mark. On one hand, dropping PC prices and increasing use of multimedia in the enterprise has slowed the demand for bare-bones thin clients. Yet, improvements in Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) technology and the ongoing need to cut maintenance, support, and operating costs have kept the market alive. NComputing’s RX-HDX (left) and Citrix HDX Ready Pi (click images to enlarge) Cheap PCs have may have put the brakes on thin clients in recent years, but a rebound seems likely. The arrival of more affordable and power efficient embedded computers — and the Raspberry Pi in particular — is helping to drive down prices and restore thin clients’ edge over standalone PCs. Early last year, Citrix, one of the major virtualization software providers for thin clients, along with VMware and Microsoft, jumpstarted the Pi thin client market by partnering with the Raspberry Pi Foundation, Broadcom, ThinLinx, and others to bring its Citrix HDX remote display protocol to the Raspberry Pi. The H264-ready Citrix HDX technology, which is available with Citrix’s XenDesktop virtual desktop and XenApp virtual application software, is an extension of Citrix’s earlier ICA protocol. It adds intelligent redirection, adaptive compression, and data de-duplication to boost performance, especially in multimedia. Citrix HDX is implemented partially via a custom version of a SoC — in this case the Broadcom BCM43437 — that enables compute-intensive HDX algorithms to execute on the CPU. Yet, HDX avoids device obsolescence by not “burning the remoting protocol into silicon,” says Citrix. Last year, Citrix announced a Raspberry Pi 3 based Citrix HDX Ready Pi mini-PC reference design with preconfigured HDX support for XenDesktop and XenApp. The device’s Linux-based HDX SoC Receiver SDK enables hardware acceleration on the quad-core Broadcom SoC, as well as off-loading to the VideoCore IV GPU. The device offers device management for firmware updates, remote configuration, and DHCP tagging for plug and play deployment. It can automatically connect to Citrix’s StoreFront enterprise app store like higher-end Citrix clients. The Citrix HDX Ready Pi ships with a version of ThinLinx’s TLXOS. This Raspbian spin-off, which supports VMware Horizon Blast Extreme and Microsoft RDP/RemoteFX protocols as well as Citrix HDX, also provides a virtual client and management stack that can manage both x86 and ARM devices at once. The TLXOS client runs on Intel’s NUCs and Compute Sticks in addition to the Raspberry Pi 2 and 3.   ViewSonic SC-T25 and NComputing RX-HDX Last July, ViewSonic released a version of the Citrix HDX Ready Pi as the $89 SC-T25. This week, ViewSonic announced that the SC-T25 now offers the Linux-based NoTouch OS from Stratodesk, another Citrix HDX collaborator. NoTouch OS provides the SC-T25 with new features like Skype for Business support, as well as single sign-on and dual monitor support. ViewSonic SC-T25, front and back (click images to enlarge) Also this week, NComputing unveiled its own $119, Citrix HDX compliant RX-HDX thin client. The product is also based on the Citrix HDX Ready Pi technology, but features a different design borrowed from NComputing’s $99, Raspberry Pi 3-based RX300 thin client, announced in March. The RX300 hosts images provided by its own Windows-based vSpace Pro 10 platform, and is aimed more at the educational and small business markets where NComputing is among the leaders. The new RX-HDX, meanwhile, should boost its prospects in the enterprise market. Due to ship in July, NComputing’s RX-HDX features dual monitor support and a sleep mode button. There’s also a Pi Management Console (PMC) and web-based device management for up to 10,000 RX devices. The RX-HDX runs on less than 5W, and offers Raspberry Pi 3 features such as 1GB RAM, WiFi and Bluetooth, and 4x USB ports with full USB redirection. There’s also a Kensington lock, an optional VESA mount, and a sealed, internal 8GB microSD card. NComputing RX300 alone (left) and with monitor, mouse and keyboard (click images to enlarge) Even at the $119 level, the Citrix HDX Ready Pi systems are competitive with DIY solutions. A homegrown thin client system with a $10 TXLOS build and a typical Raspberry Pi 3 starter kit and keyboard and mouse bundle can be had for about $100 without the display. Initially, Citrix listed Micro Center as a Citrix HDX Ready Pi partner, but no longer. The computer retailer still offers a PowerSpec Raspberry Pi 3 Starter Kit that is billed as a zero thin client with “Citrix Receiver for Linux and a fully licensed ThinLinX TLXOS RPi OS on 8GB microSD.” The system sells with for only $50, discounted from $80. Although it appears to be based on the Citrix HDX Ready Pi, Micro Center does not promote the connection. Unlike ViewSonic and Micro Center, which are newcomers to thin clients, NComputing was ranked number three in the market at 10.2 percent, according to a Mar. 2016 IDC report. The report also noted that NComputing was onee of the fastest growing thin client vendors after fourth place Centerm of China. The 2015 thin client market slumped due to competition from low-cost computers such as Chromebooks. However, IDC projected the market would return to steady growth through 2019 when it expects sales of 6.4 million units, up from 5.1 million in 2015. This week’s reaffirmation by NComputing and ViewSonic of their Raspberry Pi experiments suggests that thin client market leaders Dell and HP, which both saw reduced sales in 2015, might consider similar moves. There are other low-cost, VESA mountable size embedded platforms to build on, but it’s hard to beat the Pi 3 for its platform ecosystem. Its price/performance is pretty darn good, as well. Raspberry Pi 3 “The Raspberry Pi is renowned for its innovation, portable size, versatility, and economic viability,” said NComputing CTO Richard Sah in an email Q&A. “With each iteration, the affordable computer has established itself as a robust and reliable device, one increasingly become viable within an enterprise setting. NComputing strives to be the market leader in Pi-based thin clients and will continue to innovate on top of the Pi platform.” Aside from small, and high price/performance, the Raspberry Pi also attracted NComputing with its larger developer base. “With a vast community of developers behind Raspberry Pi, we believe the platform will become more and more popular in different vertical markets,” said Sah. Meanwhile several open source community projects are offering alternatives to TXLOS for DIY Pi-based thin clients. The Raspberry Pi Thin Client project, which now supplies a RPiTC v3 1.12 release, supports Citrix Receiver 13.4.2, VMWare Horizon 4.3, NoMachine 5.2.11, and FreeRDP, among other platforms. There’s also WTware, which offers a client for Windows Remote Desktop Services and Windows Terminal Server. The rise of Raspberry Pi based thin clients could boost the role of ARM thin clients in this very x86-centric market. ARM thin clients have been available for years, and like a fair share of x86 thin clients, they run Linux. Options include the i.MX6-based Atrust T66, Allwinner A20-based Share FL120, and NComputing’s own Cortex-A9 based N500. This article is copyright © 2017 Linux.com and was originally published here. It has been reproduced by this site with the permission of its owner. Please visit Linux.com for up-to-date news and articles about Linux and open source.   Related posts: ViewSonic taps Raspberry Pi 3 for $89 thin client system Virtual thin client builds on Raspberry Pi 3, offers HD… Quad-core Atom thin client offers hardened ThinLinux USB stick turns 64-bit x86 systems into Linux thin clients $199 Linux-ready zero client offers GbE connection OpenGL accelerated x86 games come to Raspberry Pi Apollo Lake thin Mini-ITX board focuses on security Emulator now runs x86 apps on all Raspberry Pi models Low profile mini-PC runs Linux on Haswell CPUs RPi based industrial computer offers modular DIO and… (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky These tech stocks are poised to get a big boost from their AI initiatives in the years ahead May 26, 2017, 2:35 pm EDT  |  By Larry Ramer, InvestorPlace Contributor     View All   There’s no doubt that artificial intelligence is being used by more and more industries. As Information Age points out, Enhancing E-commerce, calculating valuations, inventory management and of course enabling driverless cars are among the many uses of artificial intelligence. With this in mind, which tech stocks should investors buy to cash in on this trend? Source: ©iStock.com/carloscastilla Although Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) now appears to be the prime beneficiary of the machine learning aspect of artificial intelligence, Nvidia stock has soared over 200% in the last year and likely already reflects a great deal of revenue from AI. Consequently, investors should wait for a better entry point before buying Nvidia stock. But four other tech stocks Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Delphi Automotive PLC (NYSE:DLPH),  Visteon Corp (NYSE:VC), and Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU) — are definitely poised to get a meaningful boost from AI and should be bought at current levels. The first three companies have significant exposure to technology that enables self-driving cars. That technology is not only poised to proliferate in cars, but could very well potentially spread to other mobile systems, i.e., drones and robots. Obviously, both drones and robots could be used to carry out a plethora of highly useful functions. As a result, companies that provide the technology that enables autonomous or semi-autonomous mobile systems should do quite well over the longer-term. 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year Additionally, Intel has a number of products and upcoming products that should generate strong, needle-moving revenue for the company as AI becomes more widespread. Baidu has spent a great deal of money on AI. Moreover, the company should benefit from the superior data it has on Chinese consumers and from the tremendous size and growth of the Chinese market. Next Page   1 2 3 4 5 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/4-tech-stocks-to-buy-ride-ai-intc-bidu-dlph-vc/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Login All Reviews Editorials News Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Tips Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Podcasts iCloud Syncing is the Bane of my Existence – Mac Geek Gab 660 OneLogin Encryption Breach, WWDC 2017 Expectations - TMO Daily Observations 2017-06-02 View All Results → macOS: Speedifier Lets You Control Video Speed In Safari Sonos PLAYBASE Review: Room-Filling Sound for Music, TV, and Movies HP Caters to Creative/Tech Pros with Z2 Mini PC Can WALTR 2 Really Be Your iTunes Replacement? Belkin Car Vent Mount for Smartphones: No, This One Works! View All Reviews → America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting How AIs, like Siri, Could Become Our Proxy Shoppers Apple Could Own Device-Centric AI with Custom Chip View All Editorials → The 5 Best PC Motherboards for Creating a Hackintosh Jeff Butts @clefmeister · +Jeff Butts 4 minute read May 26th, 2017 3:50 PM EDT | Deep Dive I got my start with Macs by turning a Dell Inspiron laptop into a Hackintosh — a PC with OS X installed on it — back in late 2007. Given that history, it only seemed natural for me to take on the task of helping you, our faithful reader, learn how to create your own Hackintosh. I’m currently in the process of doing just that with an HP Z2 G3 Mini, but more on that later. For now, here are the five best motherboards to choose from if you want to start creating a Hackintosh. Any good Hackintosh has to start with a great motherboard, such as this Asus Sabertooth Z170 Mark 1 A Few Preliminary Notes First, why is creating a Hackintosh worthy of detailed hardware discussions? The main reason is that Cupertino does a reasonably good job of trying to ensure its operating system only runs on Apple hardware. I say “reasonably good job” because there are ways around the constraints built into OS X and macOS. Second, you will need to understand that this is a moving target. As Apple releases new hardware, it adds support for certain devices, while taking away support for older hardware. Because of this, I give you this list with an important caveat: it’s prone to change over the years. This list consists of the most compatible motherboards as of May 2017. It’s also worth noting that some of these motherboards won’t support resolutions higher than 1080p at 60hz. Intel, AMD, and nVidia graphics resolutions higher than that will require a DisplayPort connection, but nVidia 9XX cards with HDMI or DisplayPort will support displays to 4K resolution at 60hz. On to the List of Motherboards Good for Creating a Hackintosh These motherboards are all considered to be easily adaptable to running macOS Sierra. That means the built-in chipsets work, with some modification or custom drivers, under macOS Sierra. While I have my own preferences as far as form factor, I’ve tried to make this list inclusive of many different motherboard and case sizes. ATX Form Factor Motherboards Gigabyte’s GA-Z170XP-SLI motherboard is a great choice for the ATX form factor If you opt for an ATX form factor, such as in a medium- to large-sized tower or desktop case, your best option is the Gigabyte GA-Z170XP-SLI motherboard. It boasts an LGA1151 CPU socket, and supports sixth generation Intel Core processors. This motherboard has plenty of PCI-Express expansion slots for building a monster of a Hackintosh. It has built-in gigabyte Ethernet supported by macOS, along with an excellent on-board audio chipset that also works wonderfully in Sierra. The only drawback to this motherboard is that the onboard graphics only supports HDMI, but we will be providing you with a list of much better graphics cards in an upcoming article. The Asus Sabertooth Z170 Mark 1 is another fantastic ATX motherboard for creating a Hackintosh Another excellent choice for an ATX motherboard is the Asus Sabertooth Z170 Mark 1. This mobo has an LGA1151 CPU socket with support for sixth-generation Intel Core processors, and is ready for USB-C, M.2 SATA and SSD drives, and more than enough RAM to keep your Hackintosh running smoothly. It’s expandable, has integrated Intel HD graphics with HDMI and DisplayPort ports, and has gigabit Ethernet support. The Realtek ALC1150 audio chipset supports up to 7.1-channel surround sound, and the system board has plenty of USB 2.0, USB 3.0, USB 3.1, and USB-C ports. Everything is macOS Sierra-friendly. Next: The Best Micro ATX, mATX, or mini-ITX Motherboards for Making a Hackintosh Pages: 1 2 Next Page Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit More Print Tumblr Tags: hackintosh, macOS Sierra You might also like… Get Free Bitcoins from 23 Faucets That Pay Apple’s Rumored Siri Speaker Targets Sonos, Too The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting 9 Comments Add a comment Rick Allen May 26, 2017 Great article Jeff. You covered all of the main pain points about making MacOS work on other than Apple hardware. The Network, WiFi, and Sound hardware are the biggest headaches in choosing a motherboard. I would love it if you expanded the information into a table showing what hardware drivers to use for each, and if the built in WiFi / Bluetooth on these boards work. When I did my last two Hacks, that was the most interesting part to get working. Love the series so far and want to see where you go with video cards. –Rick– May 26, 2017 at 4:09 EDT PM Jeff Butts May 26, 2017 Thanks, Rick! I’ll definitely consider that kind of a table 🙂 I agree, after graphics, Wi-FI and Bluetooth are the biggest challenges. Very little support out there, especially if you want to use an M.2 card for your Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. May 26, 2017 at 4:12 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Fantastic article Jeff. Have you come across any motherboards that support Xeons? May 26, 2017 at 4:18 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 With regard to the wifi/Bluetooth, I bet you can buy the part from eBay straight from an iMac. I bought such a part and upgraded my 5,1 cheese grater Mac Pro to the latest Bluetooth and 802.11ac May 26, 2017 at 4:22 EDT PM Rick Allen May 26, 2017 @John – Yes, I did end up buying the Mini PCI/E cards off of eBay that had the proper Broadcom chipsets. In my Mac Pro 5.1 I have TP-Link AC Wifi card. Also working on flashing a Titan X 12 gig card to go into it. May 26, 2017 at 4:28 EDT PM John Kheit May 26, 2017 Nice job Rick! The titan is a beast. Does the fan kick up running it? May 26, 2017 at 4:38 EDT PM emlitu May 27, 2017 Thank you for a great article. Would it be possible to select a motherboard that supports Thunderbolt 3. I know you mentioned the ones that support USB 3.1 but that does not mean they are TB3 as well. Thanks so much. May 27, 2017 at 4:56 EDT PM Jeff Butts May 28, 2017 I’ll do some more digging, emlitu, but Thunderbolt 3 support is slim for Hackintosh. If I find anything, I’ll let you know 🙂 May 28, 2017 at 10:36 EDT AM Jeff Butts May 28, 2017 @John and @Rick: Mini PCI/E cards are fairly easy to come by for Hackintosh setups. Cards that use the M.2 slots on many modern mobos, no so much so. I’m still working on that, and it’s going to make for an interesting Wi-Fi article a few episodes down the road =) May 28, 2017 at 10:37 EDT AM Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Bryan Chaffin | June 2, 2017 Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Jeff Gamet | June 2, 2017 TMO Weekly Sponsor Have a tech question? Visit our Mac Geek Gab Facebook Group and have the tech support brilliance of the entire Mac Geek Gab community at your fingertips! Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $155.45 +2.27 (1.48%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » Foxconn Source Spills Details on iPhone X, Says AR Glasses Likely to be Cancelled Another Company Wants to Heat Your Home with Server Waste Heat OneLogin Customer Data Exposed in Ridiculously Bad Security Breach Nike VaporMax Flyknit Apple Watch Bands Already Sold Out Apple Decks Out McEnry Convention Center for WWDC 2017 Recent Tips See All » Get Free Bitcoins from 21 Faucets That Pay macOS: Disable Video Autoplay in Safari Safari: How to Check for Malicious Extensions How to Set Up iCloud Calendar for Alexa The 5 Best Hackintosh Graphics Cards Recent Editorials See All » America's Smartest Business Leaders Think Trump Is Wrong on Paris Accord Here's What to Expect at Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Predictions About Apple's WWDC Announcements are Actually Valuable Monday's Apple WWDC Keynote Just Got Even More Exciting Why Apple's WWDC Event is Even More Important in 2017 17838 Jeff Butts deep-dive 9 1495813851 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Feed Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
Jump to navigation Log in Sign Up Feed Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Licensing Patents Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Big data Docker Internet of things Kubernetes Linux containers Microservices OpenStack Software defined networking Virtualization Open source alternatives Alternatives to Acrobat Alternatives to AutoCAD Alternatives to Dreamweaver Alternatives to Gmail Alternatives to MATLAB Alternatives to Minecraft Alternatives to Picasa Alternatives to Publisher Alternatives to Slack Alternatives to Trello More... eBooks Open Source Yearbook About The Open Source Way Meet the team Press kit Contact Community Join the community Register Rules for comments and discussions Community Moderator program Community Columnist program Points and badges Editorial calendar Submit your story Writer testimonials Guides for writers Article submission and style guide How to conduct an interview How to enter an article Tips for promoting your Opensource.com article Writing topics Contributor Club The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Guide to IT Culture Change download Leaders Manual download Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Chapter download Discussion guide download Reading list Book club Ambassadors program Meet the ambassadors Search form Search Main menu Articles Containers Gaming Hardware 3D printing Arduino Raspberry Pi Law Linux OpenStack Programming JavaScript Perl Python SysAdmin DevOps Resources Projects and applications Conferences and events Organizations The open source cloud Open source alternatives eBooks Open Source Yearbook About Community The Open Org What is an open organization? What is The Open Organization? What is the Open Decision Framework? Twitter chats Open Org FAQs Resources Guide to IT Culture Change download Leaders Manual download Catalyst in Chief download Field guide download Chapter download Discussion guide download Reading list Book club Ambassadors program 5 myths busted: Using open source in higher education About the author Kyle R. Conway - Kyle R. Conway is a Vice President of Operations for a non-profit, a former Director of Training and Curriculum at a behavioral health organization, a recovering University Graduate part-time Art Instructor, and a perpetually afflicted multidiscriplinary artist. Kyle holds a PhD in Fine Arts from Texas Tech University. He likes tea. kylerconway.com » More about me Learn how you can contribute 5 myths busted: Using open source in higher education How a PhD student finished his degree in fine arts using Linux despite the naysayers. Posted 26 May 2017 Kyle R. ConwayFeed 22up 13 comments Image by :  opensource.com Have you ever heard someone say, "It's impossible to do X with Linux"? Me too. This is the story of how I busted the myths about open source in my own head and used Linux to finish my PhD in fine arts. Many people think non-technical students can't use Linux, and they make a lot of assumptions about people who use it in their advanced degree programs. They scoff and reply with something along the lines of, "Well, of course; those people do 'computer stuff,' but in my [lofty, important, unique area] it's just not possible." Well, it is possible, and I'm proof. Here are some of the many (misguided) reasons I've heard people use to argue why Linux can't work in higher ed: Real world: Linux/open source is not what I'll/they'll need or use in the real world. Tool over task: I have to use [special program] in [specific field]. Special knowledge: Sure, it works for you because you understand computers. Change is hard: Open source is just different/another thing to learn. I know how to use [Windows/Mac/Chrome]. Lack of integration: It just won't run/do [specific application / task]. While all of these things hold a grain of truth, usually the objections come because they're underexplored or misplaced. How I discovered Linux I grew up using Windows, learning Microsoft Office, and believing that I should use them because well, honestly, I didn't think about tools because that was just what everyone else used. Eventually, I bought a PowerPC Mac Mini, only to discover mere months later that Apple was switching to Intel processors and my desktop would eventually be unsupported. (A shoutout to Debian for keeping the Mac Mini running and useful well into 2017.) Being newly married and entering graduate school 1,000 miles away from family made me extremely price sensitive. I also had a growing interest in free/libre software, having been swayed by the ethical arguments and the strong communities, plus I like having alternatives that aren't necessarily driven by a profit motive (and if they are—and if things go wrong—they can be forked). Learning that GIMP was this thing called "free and open source software" opened a new world to me. Suddenly I saw open source software everywhere, even in things I was already using, and I reached out for other options like OpenOffice, Firefox, and Audacity. That brought me to something entirely new to me: free and open source operating systems. I read with interest and suspicion. Eventually, Ubuntu's Wubi install (a familiar-feeling .exe file) won me over because it allowed me to choose whether to boot into Ubuntu or Windows. I found myself using Windows Vista less and less, until one day my Wubi install wasn't an option anymore. It had disappeared. The community came through for me, and I learned how to use Windows' cmd.exe to restore my folder, boot back into Ubuntu, and rescue my files. That day I wiped my drive and installed Ubuntu as my sole OS. To this day, I've never met another Linux user in the flesh. The tools shouldn't matter Language works against you when you're an open source student in a closed-source world. Instructors will tell you to turn in your paper as a Word document (with specific formatting guidelines and instructions for the version of Word that's on their computer) or insist that you give a PowerPoint presentation. They're likely well-meaning people who are unaware of the alternatives. You'll have to educate them. At the end of the day, they're not teaching you software, they're teaching you concepts and ideas. In my fine arts PhD program, I was ultimately being judged on how effectively I employed the concepts of narrative structure or negative space, so it shouldn't (and didn't) really matter if I put the words into LibreOffice or the pixels into GIMP; what I said with those words and how I arranged the pixels are what was most important. How I found the right solutions Still, finding the right open source tools was somewhat of a trial-and-error process. While you can use LibreOffice Impress for presentations, I saw so many PowerPoint-style presentation mishaps that I started to use PDFs when presenting. Every computer and every OS will display them, and they always work―no glitches. At the beginning, I designed in LibreOffice Impress and printed to PDF, but eventually, I started hand-designing my own slides in Inkscape for pixel-perfect presentations. Now there are tons of cool, open source presentation software available. For example, Sozi is an amazing tool that creates what most people know as Prezi-style presentations. I greatly prefer it, as you can dance around your .svg files from Inkscape and infinitely zoom without loss. Here's a quick, incomplete example of something I did for the Fedora Project about the process of becoming a contributor. Perhaps the most essential tool in my area of study is playwriting software. There are important reasons for standard formatting in plays, such as allowing a quick way to assess a play's length (i.e., how long will this play be?) by page number that is common across all scripts. Professional playwrights tend to use the closed source Final Draft for formatting, and the old, rebellious writers use Microsoft Word with painful, manual manipulations. Since neither of those met my demands, I googled a bit and found Celtx. This cross-platform desktop application worked beautifully. It turned out that no one could tell I didn't use Final Draft, and I was even able to help other writers use Celtx on their own computers. You'd probably be surprised how many of my fellow students had Windows but not Microsoft Word. I introduced them to OpenOffice (and later LibreOffice) and even created some custom formats and keyboard shortcuts to make quick work of formatting play scripts in those apps in real time. When I was writing scripts as part of my dissertation project, I moved to Emacs for writing and LaTeX for processing PDFs because why not? The words are what matter most, the format matters next, the software matters not at all. Since then there have been even more interesting developments. Screenwriter John August found the joy of open-format text files and developed a markdown-like plain-text conversion system called Fountain. Apps (many open source) can be created to leverage this format. Busting the myths I think educators, students, and others often get lost on the tools at the expense of the thing they're actually doing—teaching and learning new ideas—and that's a mistake. If education is overly focused on teaching you a specific tool, then you could just as easily RTFM and save the expense of a degree. People have legitimate reasons to think they can't use Linux for education, but if you dig just a layer below their initial, knee-jerk assumptions, you'll often find they're built on unsound ground. Remember all those reasons I relayed at the beginning for why people say open source won't work in education? Here are my responses to them. Real world The real world changes so fast that this really isn't a solid argument. I wrote my dissertation on Emacs and Gedit and formatted it in LibreOffice. I work at an organization that runs on Google Apps for Business. In the real world, you're better off being adaptable, and most organizations expect to give you on-the-job training anyway. Start learning to adapt today. Consider it part of your education. Tool over task This is related to No. 1 but has a different focus. The tool (Photoshop, Word, Final Draft) is not what you're actually trying to accomplish (e.g., create a poster for your event, send a memo, write a screenplay). Don't confuse the tool with the task. I was fortunate to team-teach an art course with Dirk Fowler at Texas Tech University. Dirk is a visual artist who has made posters for bands you probably like. He's also a visual artist who doesn't use Photoshop―he doesn't even use computers, rather he uses an antique letterpress. Task > Tool. Special knowledge I "understand" computers (better than most, I guess) because I tried to do things with them that teachers couldn't or wouldn't teach me. Again, start adapting. Don’t let your fear of getting it wrong prevent you from learning something new. There's no cost to start (i.e. free as in beer) and nothing prevents you from learning (i.e. free as in freedom). Wanna know how it works? Read the source, mod the config file, or talk with the dev on IRC. Heck, get a group of users together and code it yourselves or fund its development. You'll gain knowledge by doing, and that knowledge is both specific (to the improvements you identify and the changes you make) as well as general (because whether you know it or not you can affect the tools you use directly if they're free/libre and open source). Change is hard Yes, it is. That's the wrong point to make though. The question isn't whether or not it's hard―it's whether or not it's worth it. When most "normal" users have complaints about their tools they tend to make an incorrect assumption―not that they don't know how to do it (which might be true), or that the tool doesn't do it (which also might be true), but that it simply can't be done. And I can't overstate this point enough: using and being a part of the community that uses open source tools means that the answer the to question "Can X be done?" is always―always―yes. It might not be how you thought of doing it, but there's always a way (and, helpfully, often multiple ways). So if "change is hard" is the mantra you hear, focus on the benefits: Is it worth it? (Note: the answer is always "yes.") Lack of integration Do you need to use [application]? If so, then, by all means, use it. If not, what are you waiting for? And even if you do need to use a certain application for some reason, ask yourself what you're missing by not integrating other tools into your workflow. As an example, Emacs's Org-Mode is amazing. I challenge any writer hooked on Scrivener to watch science writer Jay Dixit's walk through of his customized Org-Mode writing setup and not drool a few times. Then, read an article by Howard Abrams about styling Org-Mode as a word processor so that it looks better for writing. The point is this: There are features out there that you don't even know you're missing. You'd want them if you knew about them. There are people just like you who have already thought these features up, coded them together, and shared them freely. I promise they'll help. Lastly, the biggest lack of integration is that a piece of software is not open source and free/libre. That one omisson means you have anti-integrations (e.g. no export at all for vendor lock-in), and no real ability to get new features added ("it's too hard to maintain, "not enough of our users want it," "we don't integrate with X because they're a competitor"). Every time I even think of using a closed piece of software I run through a list of negatives related to this "lack of integration" that is thrown around―falsely―as a negative of free/libre software. The opposite is true. Can this free/libre software integrate with X? Yes. If like me, you're using open source against the grain in your industry, you've probably heard similar excuses from your colleagues about why it won't work. How do you respond? Tags Education About the author Kyle R. Conway - Kyle R. Conway is a Vice President of Operations for a non-profit, a former Director of Training and Curriculum at a behavioral health organization, a recovering University Graduate part-time Art Instructor, and a perpetually afflicted multidiscriplinary artist. Kyle holds a PhD in Fine Arts from Texas Tech University. He likes tea. kylerconway.com » More about me Learn how you can contribute Recommended reading A list of open source tools for college What does SVG have to do with teaching kids to code? A new Android app for teaching kids how to read Developer opportunities to code for good Is Scratch today like the Logo of the '80s for teaching kids to code? Open project collaboration from elementary to university classrooms 13 Comments Don Watkins on 26 May 2017 Permalink Great article. Thanks for the great links to other open source products like Sozi. I'm going to have to explore that more. I too used OpenOffice to write APA styled papers and found that my professors were none the wiser when they didn't know. reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 Kyle R. Conway on 26 May 2017 Permalink Sozi is great. And as someone who has recently needed to use its business-approved alternative, Prezi, it's going to get even more serious looks from designers because Prezi has just released a new version of their product ("next") that severely limits the ability for designers to move around a single, connected freely. reply Vote up! 1 Vote down! 0 Bob Martens on 26 May 2017 Permalink Thanks for the article! You can do so much work for grad school with open source technology. I actually wrote my capstone for my MA on decision models around open source usage. Good times! reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 Kyle R. Conway on 26 May 2017 Permalink Thanks! Your capstone sounds great. Where can we read it? reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 John Bennett on 26 May 2017 Permalink Unfortunately most education systems from K to 12 are captured by system IT specialists who view open-source less than for profit software. They are not interested in the learning process. For profit software companies milk the education sector through these IT specialists. wwwJJFBbennett.com reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Eddie G. on 26 May 2017 Permalink I have been using open source software since 2002 / '03 and I can say without hesitation that its the BEST that's out there. Yes, there are certain things that only work in Windows, but the caveat to that is.....do you NEED that one particular app? For the longest while, when I was still "on the fence" about whether or not I should use Linux or stick with Microsoft, I would read articles about the various software that existed in the open source community, but I was hesitant to "let go" of Adobe Acrobat reader, and Internet Explorer, and Windows Media Player, and (of course!) Microsoft Office. That was....until I finally plunged feet first into Linux,...(my first exposure to it was "gasp"! Fedora Linux!!! I learned a lot of "hard" lessons about Linux and how it works....yes...I've had to re-install the OS countless times due to ignorance on my part regarding certain files that cannot be deleted, or altered!) But after my initial "teething" stage?..I discovered "eVince"...."Firefox & Midori"....and "VLC"....and now?....I can NEVER go back to using Windows, (and don't get me started on the whole Apple ecosystem!..LoL!)...I for one will not only use, but will support Open Source and the many channels they exist in for as long as I use my computers. Not only do I support it, but I try to "spread" it to whomever is willing to be adventurous enough to try it. In some circumstances, it was unavoidable, (my 70+ year old Mum who's Dell laptop "died" in 2014....and who now uses that same laptop with Linux Mint "Cinnamon"....we're in 2017 and that machine has had NO issues!...not even with upgrades!!) also there's my younger brother, my older sister, her husband, their eldest son, various cousins, aunts....uncles, and a few co-workers to boot! I see no reason to NOT be an advocate for Linux and open source. I've gotten through two years of college with LibreOffice and for the life of me I cannot understand why colleges and universities insist on their students using Microsoft Office! But I guess money makes the world go 'round? As for me and anyone I come into contact with...."Expect Linux....Embrace Open Source" is the motto! Great article!! Thanks for sharing! (I wonder if I could use this as a "reference" when pointing someone else towards open source?...of course I'd credit YOU!...LoL! No plagiarism here!!!) reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 Kyle R. Conway on 31 May 2017 Permalink Eddie, Thanks for your comment. Please do feel free to share with others. reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Mark Harris on 27 May 2017 Permalink Nailed it. I'm OS-agnostic. I have a few (!) computers including Macs, Windows, and several different Linux laptops. I run LibreOffice, GIMP, Inkscape on all of them, so it really doesn't matter which one I'm at when I want to edit or create something. I've been doing this for 15 years or more. I output PDFs to people, unless they are really specific about being able to edit the files, then I give them Word97. Gods forbid I plague people with dodgy OOXML files! It. Just. Works. Glad it did for you, too reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 Anonuser on 27 May 2017 Permalink Nice article. I also did my B.S. - I.T. degree completely in Linux and the profs were none the wiser. Programming, web development, online coursework, SQL, networking, etc.....all Linux. For the MCST stuff, I used VMWare to run instances of Win7. reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 Jeff Saxton on 28 May 2017 Permalink Unfortunately, some courses require students to use Windows specific software for that course. In particular, some math courses that my children have taken required them to purchase a Windows only software for the course. There was no alternative because this is how the homework was assigned and done, via the program. Universities are married to Microsoft. I don't know why. It was Microsoft that convinced me to move to Linux when they released Windows 8. reply Vote up! 1 Vote down! 0 Kyle R. Conway on 31 May 2017 Permalink This is true (and terrifying). Math (in particular, accounting) was one of the reasons I ended up writing this article. A relative indicated that using Linux would be impossible (for school) because they needed a special program for accounting. When pressed or features the application did nothing that [GnuCash](https://gnucash.org/) didn't do. Policies like that would have me inquiring (very politely at first) and then finding my own workarounds (if possible) while simultaneously complaining formally. Maybe there is some magical benefit to the software, but odds are good it's not even usefully restrictive. reply Vote up! 1 Vote down! 0 Alanmoore on 29 May 2017 Permalink Don't forget Zotero! :-) reply Vote up! 2 Vote down! 0 Kyle R. Conway on 31 May 2017 Permalink I never really got into Zotero, but I love the idea of it. I ended up using Emacs' org-mode to manage citations. It was ugly, but it worked. reply Vote up! 0 Vote down! 0 Comment now Login or Register to earn points for your comments. Your name * E-mail * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Accept the Terms of Use to continue. You are licensing your contribution(s) as CC-BY-SA. * Comment * Verification * Type the characters you see in the picture; if you can't read them, submit the form and a new image will be generated. Not case sensitive.  Switch to audio verification. Home page Sign up for Opensource.com news Footer Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Meet the Team Visit opensource.org Find us:  Twitter Facebook Google Plus Instagram Youtube LinkedIn Flickr RSS For more discussion on open source and the role of the CIO in the enterprise, join us at The EnterprisersProject.com. The opinions expressed on this website are those of each author, not of the author's employer or of Red Hat. Opensource.com aspires to publish all content under a Creative Commons license but may not be able to do so in all cases. You are responsible for ensuring that you have the necessary permission to reuse any work on this site. Red Hat and the Shadowman logo are trademarks of Red Hat, Inc., registered in the United States and other countries.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Trump may not try to block Comey testimony High Times Cannabis Cup gives Wine Country different weekend buzz State high court ruling on death penalty could restart executions California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA US energy chief reassures Japan of commitment to environment Day of Portland demonstrations marked by arrests, clashes System aims to recreate challenging mountain climbs in gym Canadian man mows lawn with tornado behind him Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors’ Attles wins lifetime achievement award Names & Faces: Evel Knievel, Novak Djokovic With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win SF’s Chris Mocko wins marathon in Ireland Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Airbnb hosts more likely to reject the disabled, a study finds Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Rhino’s ‘Priscilla’ keeps Bay Area chintz alive The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife Tia Carrere reprises ‘Wayne’s World’ role for Clusterfest Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer 5 amazing food adventures Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Our favorite Bay Area Instagram photos from May Stunning floral decor for your next outdoor party Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Suite Spot: The Hideaway, Carmel One Day, One Place: Covering the waterfront, Monterey style SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/technology/cnet/article/The-best-tablets-money-can-buy-11177242.php The best tablets money can buy Cnet Published 5:34 pm, Friday, May 26, 2017 Begin Slideshow 4 Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 Image 2 of 4 Image 3 of 4 Image 4 of 4 The best tablets money can buy 1 / 4 Back to Gallery Microsoft Surface Pro 4 Cnet rating: 4 stars out of 5 The good: The Surface Pro 4 fits a larger screen with a higher resolution into a slightly slimmer body than last year’s model. The pen and keyboard cover are also improved, and this is one of the first mobile systems that includes Intel’s latest processors. The bad: Microsoft still refuses to include the Type Cover keyboard with the tablet, forcing a separate purchase. Battery life still isn’t enough for a full day. Latest news videos The cost: $624 to $1,052 The bottom line: A host of small refinements cements the Surface Pro 4’s position as the best-in-class Windows tablet — as long as you’re prepared to pay extra for the required keyboard cover. Lenovo Yoga 910 Cnet rating: 4 stars out of 5 The good: This premium convertible has a gorgeous display that spans nearly the entire lid and delivers solid performance and long battery life for the category. It’s a really cool looking laptop, too. The bad: The right-hand Shift key is poorly placed and sized. Webcam is at the bottom of the screen. No direct video output or SD card slot. Separate USB Type-C ports for power and video-out kill the option for a single connection all-in-one dock. The cost: $1,000 to $1,085 The bottom line: With a beautiful design, excellent performance and battery life, and a great display, the Lenovo is a head-turning hybrid. Apple iPad Pro Cnet rating: 4 stars out of 5 The good: The iPad Pro is the biggest and fastest Apple tablet. The pressure-sensitive Pencil stylus offers superior sketching and drawing, and the Pro’s gorgeous screen and quad speakers are ideal for split-screen apps, multitasking and watching movies. The bad: Few apps are optimized to take advantage of the Pro’s full potential. Its large size makes it less portable than other iPads. Once you’ve paid for the Pencil and keyboard peripherals, the Pro costs as much as a good laptop, but lacks its flexibility. The cost: $600 (32 GB, refurbished) to $799 The bottom line: The iPad Pro is a dream machine for graphic designers and media mavens, but this elegant tablet needs more optimized apps and accessories before it can achieve laptop-killer status. Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Cnet rating: 4 stars out of 5 The good: The Galaxy is an elegantly designed tablet that comes with a capable stylus. It has a stunning screen, fingerprint sensor for extra security and satisfyingly loud quad speakers. It’s also the first HDR-ready tablet. The bad: Despite the hype, HDR content is not available on the tablet yet. Large games take time to load. The keyboard add-on is an expensive extra. The cost: $550 to $600 The bottom line: Samsung packs buzz-worthy features like S Pen and HDR support into the premium Galaxy, but without a keyboard, it’s still more about content consumption than creation. The following Cnet staff contributed to this report: Dan Ackerman, Xiomara Blanco, Joshua Goldman, Scott Stein and Laura K. Cucullu. For more reviews of personal technology products, visit www.cnet.com. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NBA FINALS GAME 2: WARRIORS VS. CAVS With Kerr back on bench, Warriors cruise to Game 2 win Warriors practice becomes A-List event for celebrities 4-year-old Warriors fan is a dead ringer for Steph Curry Guy Fieri brings Flavortown to Game 2, poses with E-40 Killion: Kerr's return has risk, but he completes Warriors Scenes from Game 2 include Santana's anthem, other celebs LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants Nobody wants this $29 million mansion near SF's 'Billionaire Row' SF's most expensive house: This $40M modern masterpiece Zillow predicts price decreases in these SF neighborhoods $2.895 million flat in Telegraph Hill Climber makes chilling, unroped ascent of El Capitan Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall 50 'old' movies every young person needs to watch The worst film each year since 1967 Mother paralyzed by tree branch in SF struggles after accident Family of woman badly hurt by branch awaits SF’s help TODAY'S TOP PICKS Fun times during the first two days of Clusterfest Alec Baldwin’s advice to Kathy Griffin on Trump brouhaha Only true locals can pass this SF trivia quiz Most Popular 1 Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week 2 Nobody wants this mansion near San Francisco's 'Billionaire... 3 Climber, without rope, conquers Yosemite’s El Capitan 4 Opinion: With his London tweets, Trump embarrasses himself -... 5 Photo shows man casually mowing the lawn with massive tornado... 6 CNN host assumed an Indian-American spelling-bee champion... 7 Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus in Oakley 8 Man clobbers protesters with a bike lock at a Berkeley rally,... 9 Steve Kerr returns to Warriors’ bench for Game 2 10 Follow live: Warriors take on Cavs in Game 2 of the NBA Finals LATEST NEWS Putin, Megyn Kelly have heated exchange over Trump-Russia Man dies after being knifed following fight on bus Photo shows man casually mowing lawn with tornado nearby Unusual June rain could soak Bay Area this week Doug the Pug is the real big dog at SF Clusterfest CNN host rebuked for comment to spelling-bee champion Internet hunts man who allegedly hit people at Berkeley rally California's 'green rush' draws Hmong immigrants View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines It’s strawberry season Battle Ground schools get new leadership Class of 2017 pursues ideals Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Agendas for the week’s government meetings Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Weather Eye: Enjoy return to seasonal norms, sun’s reappearance Cyclists, officials pedal through Vancouver’s bike infrastructure Cycling around the city of Vancouver can be a joy -- except for those spots where it's a big problem. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Miranda pitches 4-hitter as Mariners sweep Rays Zunino’s slam, 7 RBIs power Mariners past Rays Miami’s Volquez throws first no-hitter of 2017 Horan scores twice in Thorns’ road win Seahawks not signing Kaepernick, for now Oklahoma beats UW at softball World Series Mariners slug their way past Rays Valeri scores twice to power Timbers Bonneville Dam fish count 6/2 Fans can vote for All-Region soccer Union’s Cranston picks prep academy Cameron Cranston wants to keep his dream of playing NCAA Division I basketball alive, and will take another year in… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Ways homebuyers can leap the down-payment hurdle Workers reluctant to take time off Aerospace industry, led by Insitu, lifts economies of Columbia Gorge communities Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Lyft’s first diversity report shows workforce mostly white and male Berko: Just can’t recommend investing in General Motors Health Worker Report Berko: Will the Federal Reserve sell bonds? Kangol comes home: Hat firm’s return to U.S. encounters many challenges Convicted fraud figure arrested again Tech Test: Preparing for the crash: Synology box keeps your data safe Synology might not be a company you’ve heard much about. The technology firm makes network attached storage appliances that can… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Leo seriously great in show about laughs Podcaster mixes humor and politics ‘Jurassic World’ exhibit is mix of art, science How ‘Wonder Woman’ director Patty Jenkins cracked the superhero-movie glass ceiling Mayim Bialik pens guide for young girls Holy Fire burns in U.S. for first time Takei slams racist criticism of ‘Star Trek’ Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program Big brands wake up to demand for modest fashion Clark County’s culture of cycling is growing Check It Out: Sign up for fun with the Summer Reading program It’s almost Summer Reading time at the library — yahoo! In case you thought the Summer Reading program was just… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Plan Ahead for Parking Jayne: Ilani alters the conversation for Cowlitz Tribe, county Harrop: U.S. happiness rank is sad Wyman: Libraries provide valuable services, deserve federal support Will: Hail Buckley, conservatism’s shining star Griffin’s Trump stunt was offensive Letter: Bridge group is on right path Letter: Trump is, above all, a realist Letter: Travel ban misses its target Letter: Demand answers from Trump Editorial Cartoons, June 4-10 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Everybody Has a Story: Bear bite was ticket to family attention You Can Help In the Service Students raise money to purchase iPods for Alzheimer’s patients Camas horse rider wins state title Washougal High School students honored for STEM work Local boy collects donations for homeless at birthday party Hit-and-run victim receives donated wheelchair Riders donate cash to coffee house Uptown Village parking worries on the rise with growth Vancouver’s Uptown Village is, quite literally, on the rise. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate SolarWorld plans at least 500 layoffs Hillsboro plant could be closed By Mike Rogoway, The Oregonian Published: May 26, 2017, 5:03 PM A   A PORTLAND — SolarWorld plans to lay off most, and possibly all, of its Hillsboro staff in July, according to a letter the company sent to state employment officials. At least 500 regular employees and as many as 711 would be affected, according to a May 19 letter released by state officials Thursday night: “This employment action is expected to be permanent.” The letter also says the plant could close, painting a considerably more dire picture than the one SolarWorld has presented in the two weeks since its German parent declared itself insolvent. As recently as Wednesday, SolarWorld had said it was operating as usual and ” intends to continue operating into the future,” albeit with an unspecified number of job cuts. SolarWorld sent its May 19 letter in compliance with the 1998 federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act, which requires employers to give employees and local communities advance notice of large job cutbacks. It’s not clear why state officials hadn’t disclosed the letter earlier. Previously, they’d said they were expecting a letter from the company but didn’t know when. Like other U.S. solar manufacturers, SolarWorld had been under growing pressure from Chinese competitors the company says are dumping products on the American market. Earlier Thursday, SolarWorld joined a trade case that it hopes could trigger tariffs or other sanctions on Chinese imports. SolarWorld opened its 103-acre Washington County campus in 2008, after spending $440 million to convert an idle computer chip factory for solar production. State and local tax breaks worth $80 million helped underwrite the project. From the start, though, SolarWorld has battled Chinese competition in the U.S. and abroad. The U.S. imposed tariffs on Chinese solar panels in 2012 and 2014, but they proved insufficient. On May 10, the company’s German parent, SolarWorld AG, announced it could no longer cover its debts and would file for insolvency – which is roughly analogous to corporate bankruptcy in the United States. The pending layoffs may be the largest since last year, when Intel eliminated 784 jobs in Washington County in a massive restructuring. Hundreds or thousands of additional Intel employees in Oregon – Intel won’t say just how many – took buyouts to leave the company as it retooled to prepare for long-term decline in the PC market. Nonetheless, Oregon’s job market is the best it’s been in decades. The state’s unemployment rate stands at 3.7 percent, the lowest since at least 1976. And economists say Oregon is approaching “full employment” – a metric that suggests employers are having increasing trouble filling open positions, but not that every single person who wants a job can find one. Oregon once sought to become a leader in solar manufacturing, pumping tens of millions of dollars in subsidized loans and tax credits at a time into large companies like Sanyo and SolarWorld, as well as smaller outfits with little track record, such as the thin film solar manufacturer SoloPower and polysilicon manufacturer Peak Sun Solar. The strategy has largely flopped. Oregon has 4,509 jobs in the solar industry, according to the most recent census from the Solar Foundation. But only 1,200 of those jobs are in manufacturing, and SolarWorld accounts for two-thirds of them. The solar installation and development business, by contrast, remains fairly strong, and is largely responsible for the 1,500 jobs the industry added in 2016. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Rock, Paper, Shotgun Search 50 Best Free Games On PC Best PC Games of 2016 Menu RPS Features Reviews News Free Games Esports Hardware Guides Support RPS Forum About Us Advertise Hey, developers! Privacy RSS Steam Twitter Facebook Login RPS Feature A wealth of splendid 2016-17 games for the lousiest of hardware Home Featured Articles Prey 13 recent games that run well on terrible laptops By Alec Meer on May 25th, 2017 at 5:00 pm. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit 1 of 14 ‘Terrible’ only in the sense of their gaming capability. Honestly, I’m sure your laptop is lovely to look at and it was definitely a extremely sensible idea to spend all that money on it instead of buying a holiday or helping to save the pandas. Truth is, though, that playing recently-released games on the vast majority of laptops is about as effective as starting an online petition to uncancel your favourite television show. A little discretion goes a long way, however. Sure, you may be denied the glossiest of exploding viscera, but it is entirely possible to keep up with the Joneses even on a Terrible Laptop that has no dedicated graphics card. Here are but twelve contemporary games – either recently released or still-evolving going concerns – that will indeed run on your glammed-up toaster. Additional suggestions below are entirely welcome. The exact definition of a Terrible (for gaming) Laptop clearly differs, but for the sake of argument, my test system has a dual-core cpu that runs at between 1.9 and 2.9GHz depending on load and heat (and thermal throttling to prevent overheat means it’s usually the former figure) and Intel HD 4400 integrated graphics, which borrows memory from the laptop’s 8GB of RAM. Absolutely fine for general purpose computing then, but as useful as a mohawk on a lobster when it comes to games. The Intel graphics on your Terrible Laptop may well have a lower or higher-sounding number than that, but in most cases don’t expect a great deal of variance. In some cases, though you might get excited about the mention of your laptop having AMD or NVIDIA graphics in it, the chip in question could still be so lowly as to offer you few extra options – and, as such, you are still the proud owner of a Terrible Laptop. As for performance, my criteria is a game that looks and feels playable at lowest settings and a resolution of 1280×720. Depending on the exact nature of the game in question and of your own Terrible Laptop, you may be able to go a bit higher than that. Oh, and ‘playable’ here means a minimum of 30 frames per second. Some games, particularly turn-based ones, are absolutely fine at lower than that, but 30 is our benchmark for this piece. Onto the games, anyway. Use the arrow keys above/below the images to navigate the list, or the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard. Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit From this site Overwatch Character Guide DOOM’s Best SnapMaps Civilization VI Is Exciting & Aggressive Warcraft: The Beginning review The Witcher 3: Blood And Wine review Overwatch review Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below Article Continues Below 56 Comments 25/05/2017 at 17:06 Ben Damage says: ROCKET LEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAGGGGUE!! Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 criskywalker says: OMG! OMG! OMG! Rocket League is one of the best games ever! You should really play it if you haven’t yet. So amazing. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:34 napoleonic says: I played it for a few hours on its recent free weekend. What’s the point? It’s just random. The ball rolls around the side of the arena with everyone chasing it, and when it passes a goalmouth occasionally it flukes in. I don’t get the appeal. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:48 ZippyLemon says: You have much to learn, young padawan. Log in to Reply 04/06/2017 at 03:45 monojoli says: what is the best game for resolution of 1280×720. Free Run 3 Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:16 theallmightybob says: really… a slide show. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:31 FrumiousBandersnatch says: Yes, i always wonder why they do this. Having all entrys on a single page (or a few pages in case of the really long ones) would be so much better. Must be an advertisement thing. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:35 theallmightybob says: Its honestly not what I’ve come to expect from this site, its just a little surprising. I understand it likely is to improve the article to advert ratio, but its annoying as hell to do to a list… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:20 April March says: I doubt it’s an advertising thing, because it doesn’t reload the page between slides, so they aren’t getting additional views. That or I’m really dumb about how it works. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 11:37 Rack says: They’re almost certainly working on the back end so it will get extra impressions. Just the content was available before the tech was. No-one WANTS the content to be harder to access and less portable. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:06 Chaoslord AJ says: Maybe it’s for mobile devices like all the horizontal videos over the web lately? Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 23:03 poliovaccine says: Fwiw, I first found this site by googling “best [genre here] games on pc,” and finding some lists of theirs like this. Stayed for the writing, of course, but it may well be a goldmine of SEO hits. Also yeah, I almost always read this site on mobile, and in that format, A.) I’ve always seen RPS do slideshows, and B.) it’s never bothered me. I dont see any extra ads – if they occur at the bottom of the screen, whatever, I dont see em. Hope RPS gets the teenths of a penny per view anyway. But scrolling on mobile gets finicky the longer the page, and having all these items in one page would be annoying to scroll through on a phone. I do think it’d make a good option at the start, an alt view that’s all in one like that, for those who’d rather it, but from a mobile perspective I dont mind their slideshows a bit. It’s not like they’re yr average copy-paste-from-reddit clickbait with a Next button that loads below a big ad that deforms the page in hopes you accidentally click on it – like I say, I see less ads in a slideshow than I do in a regular article, cus they’re all at the bottom, I just pass em omw to comments, if ever. Idk how it appears on a PC to be perfectly fair, but equally so, I wouldnt say this is some egregious, clickbaity practice here. I get the pavlovian response against slideshows, but to me the usual complaints dont register in this case. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:09 someoneelse84 says: I’m not one to normally complain. Having said that… The real thing that bugs me about the slideshow format is the lack of closure to the article. There’s no “You know guys, I learned something today…” It’s like there’s no cigarette after sex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 06:36 Eater Of Cheese says: The zaibatsu tick embedded in the RPS hivemind is twitching its monetisation sickle-talons, no doubt… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 07:50 Snargelfargen says: This is a funny pun, intentional or no. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:22 Danarchist says: Empyrion works well on crap rigs as well. Although I guess its not released yet so…theres that Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 17:26 Moulinette says: League of Legends came out in 2009. 8 years ago is recent? Ok Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:28 Chaoslord AJ says: I’d add the original Skyrim then, ran terrific on this old shell even without SSD. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:07 Fomorian1988 says: I suspect any lo-fi indie game will run on most laptops. VA-11 HALL-A, Papers Please, the Cube Escape games, any game by Kitty Horrorshow, Oxenfree, Sunless Sea… Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:54 Barts says: Oxenfree actually run like crap on integrated graphic cards. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a lovely game, but I bought based on your assumption and had to postpone playing until I get a decent rig. So I’m sharing this here so that noone else makes the same mistake. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:19 nottorp says: Just stay away from indies made in Unity – even if they look lo fi, at the least they’ll put your laptop in screaming vacuum cleaner mode. Back when the “new” x-com 1 was new, i used to get 50% more battery life and less fan noise than any random Unity indie when playing it. And it’s still 3D. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:54 poliovaccine says: Yknow, I never realized it, but that’s super true. In fact I tend to whack down settings further than I need for smooth visual performance, cus I specifically want to chase down that horrific sound of whining, straining effort. Hadnt put it together but yeah, the first three games I can think of like that are Unity. Seems like even when CryEngine chugs it doesnt whine, ditto UE4. It’s certainly a hit or miss thing – I mean Prey is running beautifully for me, on Medium settings. A topdown isometric shouldnt run worse than that. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:14 CelticPixel says: My laptop’s bust at the moment, so I’m doing all my gaming on a Surface Pro 4. Eve Online looks and runs great on it and Killing Floor 2 is surprisingly playable at the lowest settings, with the odd bit of slowdown. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:34 particlese says: Another for the list is RPS’s own bestest best game of 2016, Devil Daggers. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 18:41 GeoX says: Seriously, you take the trouble to make this list, and then you include 2-D indie games that it’s transparently obvious would run well on any computer? What value did you think you were creating by putting something like that into the world, exactly? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:18 someoneelse84 says: I’m pretty sure the the point of the list was to highlight recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:22 GeoX says: Yes, thank you for answering a question I didn’t ask. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:35 lasikbear says: I think he was answering a question you implicitly asked, regarding the value of creating a list highlighting recently released titles that would run well on a non-gaming laptop. Log in to Reply 29/05/2017 at 19:39 Kala says: u mad, bro? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:21 Nauallis says: Get triggered, bro. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 05:57 GeoX says: ? Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:36 criskywalker says: I have to add Thimbleweed Park. Such a great game that is not demanding at all. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 19:55 dongsweep says: Great article, hope you keep it updated every few weeks or months. I preordered the surface pro 5 and am excited to use it for streaming PS4 and some good old rimworld but these add some additional possibilities to the mix! Thanks Alec! Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:06 ooshp says: I use my sp4 extensively for rocket league, gamecube & wii games on the go. A wireless controller, display port adapter & hdmi cable + pretty much any hotel room and you’re sorted. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 20:44 tehfish says: Ooh, caught me offguard with the Prey entry there. I’m currently loaning my new GPU to my brother, so i’m rocking my old 6950 GPU at the mo, which is well below the listed minimum specs so i had discarded that as an option for now. But if it’ll somewhat run on an intel IGP it’ll run on that for sure… Would mean tearing myself away from Rimworld though :P Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:20 Expose Gaming1 says: Wow, two of my favorite game are on this list. Rocket League and League of Legends. I am surprised at some of these picks, like Prey and Elder Scroll Online, I thought you need an amazing PC to run these. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:22 torkan217 says: An older workstation at much lower price will get you decent specs, especially cpu’s like the qm line which perform on par with some modern cpus in the passmark tests. I’ve got a Dell Precision m4600, 15.6″, 1080p, i7-2620m@2.7ghz/3.4 turbo dual core, 8GB RAM, quadro 1000m 2GB. From what I saw on the web the quadro 1000m is 20% overall less than an hd 4400. Most reviewers don’t even try newer or games perceived to be too demanding, this is a serious error. 30+ FPS means over 30 in normal play and usually above this up to 45 FPS. Call Of juarez Gunslinger, 1080p, 30-45, avg settings MGSV Phantom Pain, 30+, low/med settings, 1280×720, still looks really good MGS Ground Zeroes, 30, low settings, 1280×720, constant weather hurts it somewhat Fallout New Vegas Utlimate, 1080p, 35+, low/med settings Company of Heroes 1, 1080p, med settings, 35+ Dirt 3, med/high, 1080p, 30+ always WRC 4, med, 1080p, 30+ Infra, med 1080p, 30-40 Grid, med/high, 1080p, 35+ Need For Speed Hot Pursuit/NFS 11, 1600×900, 35+, med Skyrim, low/med, 1080p, 30+ Resident Evil REvelations, low/med, 1600×900, 40fps+ Deus Ex HR, low/med, 1600×900, 35+ Witcher 3, ultra low preset mod file, ~30 FPS, 1280×720 Arkham City, 1600×900, 35+, low/medium Fallout 4 was in the less than 20fps lowest settings, unplayable NierA, less than 20fps lowest, unplayable Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:34 left1000 says: dead cells should not be on this list. although it looks like it doesn’t require a fancy gpu, and I’m sure it doesn’t. It’s poorly optimized and lags on non-topoftheline cpu’s. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:02 Bernardo says: Yes, I’m having the same problem. It bugs me a bit, because I love to play these games when travelling and have only my work laptop with me. To be fair, the game gives you a warning that it’s not optmised for Intel cards, and hints at future optimisation. So there’s still hope. Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 21:49 HoboDragon says: Motorsport Manager, esp. in the 2D mode runs well. Almost any 2D, pseudo 3D “pixel-art” game will run well (as already mentioned Stardew Valley), e.g. To The Moon, Crypt of the Necrodancer, Duskers, Terraria, Dungeon of the Endless, or older games such as SW KOTOR1/2…. (most games RPS recommended if I recall :-D) Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 22:06 Bernardo says: Recent Games that run smoothly or at least reasonably well on my integrated Intel HD 4400 Ultrabook not on this list: Salt and Sanctuary Shrouded in Sanity Order of Battle Thea: The Awakening Pillars of Eternity Log in to Reply 25/05/2017 at 23:05 Bernardo says: Not that recent, but Legend of Grimrock 1 and 2 also work like a charm (medium setings). Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:21 April March says: That Prey screenshot looks like it’s from a Prey tribute mod for Deus Ex. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 03:30 poliovaccine says: As an owner of a terrible laptop, longtime lover of the immersive sim (since way before we had that term, i.e. back when Deus Ex looked like Deus Ex), and someone who’d previously ogled at Prey but felt forlornly resigned to spend the next year or so admiring it on others’ rigs from afar, I can safely say I care not an ass! That was some exciting news to me. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 09:58 Barts says: I played these on my Dell Latitude E7250 and I highly recommend them: Darkest Dungeon Sunless Sea Invisible Inc. Faster Than Light Rain World Duskers Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 10:10 ropeladder says: Another option is to just to play newer games on the lowest possible resolution. Speeds them way up and gives them a charming retro feel. How did that old quote go? “640×480 ought to be enough pixels for anybody.” Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:25 Chaoslord AJ says: Prey is the only entry that surprised me. Most indie games aren’t graphic fiestas and shouldn’t really need much performance. Same goes for mobile ports. Or anything not asking for x64 architecture specifically could run on obsolete hardware. Cartoon graphic adventures? Some developers can’t optimize them even for sota-gaming rigs but it’s not the fault of the hardware really. Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 13:32 Chaoslord AJ says: Also: Path of Exile Log in to Reply 26/05/2017 at 16:25 Kitano1314 says: hi, laptop users should also consider : Pillars of Eternity, Shadowrun: Dragonfall, Panzer Corps, all the Paradox 4x’s, War in the East, Factorio, Battle Brothers, Tales of Maj Eyal, Pike and Shot, Medieval TW 2 and Starbound to name a few. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 01:23 Thirdrail says: I would really like to check this out, but you did it as an obnoxious slide show so instead I’m just going to leave. Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 06:58 Lurid says: What about a laptop that overheats and shuts itself off if it runs minecraft for more than 10 minutes? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 16:48 Hammer1649 says: Perhaps asking the laptop really nicely? Log in to Reply 27/05/2017 at 14:02 Skales says: Did this guy even play stellaris for longer than first hour? Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 17:59 Nixitur says: A recent game that I really like is Cosmic Star Heroine. To my surprise, it ran entirely smoothly on my potato of a laptop which is far worse than what Alec described as “terrible” in the article. Definitely worth a look if you like turn-based RPGs. Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes came out in late 2015, is lovely, hilarious and runs well enough on that, too. Khimera: Destroy All Monster Girls is an exceedingly good 2D platformer. Not a fan of the artstyle, personally, but the strength of the gameplay made it very easy for me to look past that. Also, it’s free. VA-11 HALL-A is a cyberpunk bartending simulator with lovely characters and a fantastic soundtrack. Since it’s a visual novel, it running smoothly on terrible laptops is no surprise. And for those who think it “obvious” that 2D indie games would run flawlessly on laptops, I would like to point out that <a href="link to store.steampowered.com is very deliberately not on that list. It’s a fantastic game, don’t get me wrong, but it runs much slower than it’s supposed to on my laptop. That makes the game much easier. Log in to Reply 28/05/2017 at 18:05 Nixitur says: Somehow messed up the link there and ran out of editing time. That was supposed to be Downwell, must have messed up a closing bracket. Log in to Reply 30/05/2017 at 22:25 poliovaccine says: Donno if it’s been said here already, or if this is too late for anyone to even read it, but upon discovering it works, I’m too excited not to share myself: Resident Evil 7! On a terrible laptop with an integrated Intel HD gfx card! Gotta whack down the resolution but it damn well plays! I had longed for that game but never thought my system might be able to handle it, so wrote it off til an upgrade. But then I found it has a demo – demo works a trick. Proceeding to get the full thing! Woop! Never would’ve thought to try, if not for Prey being in this list. Gotta thank RPS (again) for that one. Log in to Reply Click here to cancel reply. Comment on this story You must be registered and logged in to post a comment. Wot you want to say : XHTML: Allowed code: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Disclaimer If you click our links to online stores and make a purchase we may receive a few pennies. Find more information here. Tags American Truck Simulator, Dead Cells, Dota 2, feature, Hardware, League of Legends, Night in the Woods, Planescape: Torment: Enhanced Edition, Prey, RimWorld, Rocket League, Scanner Sombre, Stardew Valley, Stellaris, Stellaris: Utopia, The Elder Scrolls Online, The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind. Search for clues News and things Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Taking the mech The Long Journey Home gets easier in ‘Story Mode’ Blast off Gears of War 4 getting Horde Mode update and free trial Chainsaw massacre ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Party like it's 1999 And much more… Tim Schafer tells the story of Amnesia Fortnight Ideas generation Free Loaders: Spruce up dead planets as little green men The best free games of the week Browse our tags A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z # Respond to our gibber Jakkar : “A difficult child. Hard to love. It took persistence, and several tries, before I clicked ...” on Brigador: Up-Armored Edition ‘relaunches’ the mech combat game Solrax : “Thank you for this! I too was wondering what the actual gameplay was like.” on Wot I Think: The Long Journey Home RichUncleSkeleton : “And Steam isn't in the business of distributing commercially unviable games (and game-adjacent software). Artsy ...” on Valve confirm Steam Direct publishing fee: $100 ezbez : “I agree with this sentiment - it hardly seems more interesting than opening the map ...” on Club a penguin: Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator out of early access HigoChumbo : “The closest I can think of is the combat in Mount&Blade and the like. Maybe ...” on ’90s RPG Silver slashes its way onto Steam Why do we spend time playing games we don't like? Looking at the data behind bad games Total War: Warhammer 2 is taking everything further Lizards riding dinosaurs How Little Nightmares' horrible characters were animated The long arm of the maw How To Get Old Skyrim Saves Working In The Skyrim Special Edition How to fix Skyrim SE save crashes Northwest Passages: Sailing into Terror Bay I wish I was in Sherbrooke now Have You Played… Planetside 2? I can do anything better Vanu The 10 Best PlayStation Now Games Coming to PC soon. The Flare Path: Do & Don't #10 Sim sins unforgiven Best PC gaming deals of the week Neo Geo classics and Rising Storm 2 The Great Outdoors: The Witness How to build an island Wot I Think: gorgeous combat-free action puzzler RiME Many reasons to Rime How Edith Finch's most memorable scene works On fish and fairytales The Best GTA 5 Mods Play as a cop, add flying cars, and more Have You Unleashed… Rat Chaos? Winner winner, chicken dinner Pride vs overheating: a story about PCs Never stop never stopping How Tool-Assisted Speedrunning Reveals The Inner-Life Of Video Games Meet the obsessives deconstructing Mario 64 Unknown Pleasures: 10 lower-profile new Steam games Wheat from chaff Wot I Think: Tokyo 42 Monument Miami All our stuff and things home about advertise hey, developers! support RPS forums steam group twitter facebook podcast rss Rock, Paper, Shotgun was Graham Smith Alec Meer John Walker Adam Smith Alice O'Connor Philippa Warr Info and appendices © 2007-2017 Rock Paper Shotgun Ltd. Designed by Jonathan Sutcliffe. Hosted by Positive Internet. Today's scotch egg consumption: 9613 Hivemind Throbometer reading: 1.132% Write to RPS contact@rockpapershotgun.com
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Intel's Core X-series CPUs and X299 platform revealed [235] • AMD and Newegg drop prices on Ryzen 7 CPUs [150] • AMD plans a summer of fun with RX Vega and Threadripper [131] • Asus ROG Rapture router is a mean gaming machine [49] Hot forum threads • What are REAL consumer CPUs? • Dashcam for my Car - Buying Advice Needed • DYMT: Imi's Legacy • What are you drinking RIGHT NOW? Acer Spin 1 and Nitro 5 laptops are ready for school season by Eric Born  4:30 PM on May 25, 2017 Parents and students alike might not be ready to hear this, but back-to-school season is a few short months away. That means it's time for notebook manufacturers to update their lineups in anticipation of those end-of-summer sales events. Accordingly, Acer has a new Spin convertible and a lineup of Nitro 5 gaming notebooks to show off at Computex this year—all with affordable price tags. The Spin 1 notebook is a thin-and-light 11.6" convertible notebook with a metal chassis. It weighs only 2.8 lbs (1.24 kg) and is 0.55" thin (14 mm), so it'll slip easily into a backpack or satchel. The touch-enabled IPS display has a resolution of 1920x1080, generally a good fit for a smaller laptop screen. Acer touts how well the notebook pairs up with a stylus and the latest tools in the Windows 10 Creators Update, though we don't know if the laptop comes with a pen. Buyers get to pick one of Intel's "latest" (we presume seventh-generation) Pentium or Celeron processors, and 32, 64, or 128 GB of eMMC storage. The systems pack 4GB of DDR3L memory, and their battery should be good for about eight hours. Peripheral connectivity comes courtesy of a USB 3.1 port and a USB 2.0 connector. There's also an HDMI output and a microSD card slot. For networking purposes, the Spin 1 uses an 802.11ac 2x2 Wi-Fi adapter. Users who like their notebooks served with a side of gaming might take a peek at Acer's Nitro 5 lineup. Acer equips these 15.6" notebooks with a 1920x1080 display and more horsepower than the lightweight Spin 1 models. Users can get a machine with two combinations: a choice of Kaby Lake Core i7 CPUs paired with GeForce cards up to a GTX 1050 Ti, or an AMD seventh-generation A-series processors coupled with a Radeon RX 550. Acer says the notebooks support up to 32GB of DDR4-2400 RAM. The company doesn't say what's the baseline storage configuration, but notes that buyers have options for PCIe SSDs and an optional HDD as secondary storage. The Nitro 5s come with one USB 3.1 Type-C port, one USB 3.0 connector, two USB 2.0 ports, and an HDMI 2.0 output. Wireless networking comes by way of an 802.11ac Wi-Fi adapter with 2x2 MIMO support. The systems are kept cool with two fans that exhaust heat out the back, and have a black-and-red "gamer" style finish. These notebooks will all start selling in July. Pricing for the Spin 1 starts at a remarkably affordable $329, while the Nitro 5 models start at $799. Tags: Mobile computing Gaming Windows Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Cryorig and Lian Li team up for the Taku desktop case 21 Asus ROG Rapture router is a mean gaming machine 49 Google confirms that Chrome will integrate an ad blocker in 2018 23 Plextor puts 64-layer 3D NAND to good use in the M9Pe SSDs 5 Rosewill brings its Neon keyboard and mice to Computex 11 Deals of the week: an RX 460 4GB for $100 and more 33 Thermaltake takes the warp zone from Level 10 to Level 20 16 Asus readies a trio of FreeSync-infused ROG Strix displays 33 Logitech's MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S go with the Flow 12 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS PrometheanFlame "No photography" +26 Neutronbeam "A good number of our gerbils have praised the build quality of Phanteks' enclos... +24 Kretschmer Routers come down to software quality 99% of the time. Throwing in the kitchen s... +20 morphine We can't comment without our lawyer in the room. +13 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Intel's Core X-series CPUs and X299 platform revealed [235] • AMD and Newegg drop prices on Ryzen 7 CPUs [150] • AMD plans a summer of fun with RX Vega and Threadripper [131] • Asus ROG Rapture router is a mean gaming machine [49] Hot forum threads • What are REAL consumer CPUs? • Dashcam for my Car - Buying Advice Needed • DYMT: Imi's Legacy • What are you drinking RIGHT NOW? Ryzen AGESA 1.0.0.6 exposes more memory overclocking options by Jeff Kampman  4:12 PM on May 25, 2017 Over the past couple months, we've come to understand that memory speed and latency plays a major role in Ryzen CPU performance. Higher speeds and lower latencies are desirable for getting the most out of a Ryzen chip. Outside of a few motherboards with external base-clock generators, however, the memory multipliers for Ryzen CPUs have maxed out at 32. With a 100-MHz default base clock, that means builders have been limited to running overclocked RAM at DDR4-3200 speeds. Today, that all changes. AMD has announced that its AMD Generic Encapsulated System Architecture, or AGESA, version 1.0.0.6 will expose 26 new RAM tuning settings to tweakers looking to extract the most from their Ryzen systems' RAM. These updates should bring AM4 motherboards' firmware settings for memory tweaking more on par with that of the Intel competition. Of the wealth of memory overclocking options AGESA 1.0.0.6 will offer, the two most important settings to me are an extended range of memory multipliers (up to 40, or DDR4-4000) and the option to set command rates at one tick or two ticks (1T or 2T). For example, the hot G.Skill DDR4-3866 memory I have here requires a 38.66 multiplier and a 2T command rate, but those settings simply couldn't be dialed in on Ryzen motherboards under the current AGESA (1.0.0.4) without resorting to changes in the base clock that also controls important bus rates like PCI Express. Changing that base clock rate could result in unexpected behavior, so it's a relief that the masses won't have to resort to that approach any longer.  Of course, AMD is quick to point out that using memory speeds above DDR4-2667 or settings not in accordance with JEDEC values is considered overclocking. Overclocking RAM with these new knobs will void a Ryzen CPU's factory warranty, even if you're using the company's Ryzen Master utility. Still, the temptation of performance gains will probably be too much to resist for many Ryzen owners. In news that will be music to the ears of another class of users, AMD also says that AGESA 1.0.0.6 will improve support for PCI Express Access Control Services, or ACS. According to the company, these improvements will allow users who run virtual machines on their Ryzen systems to better manage the assignment of PCIe devices within IOMMU groups. In short, the company says this feature will let VM wizards dedicate multiple graphics cards within a Ryzen system to the operating systems of their choice, whether natively installed or virtual, among other benefits. AMD says motherboard firmware incorporating AGESA 1.0.0.6 will be available starting in "mid-to-late June." The company notes that some motherboard makers have already begun issuing beta firmwares for some products with the new AGESA on board, most notably Gigabyte with its AX370-Gaming 5 and Asus with its Crosshair VI Hero. Folks eager to push Ryzen memory performance to its limits will doubtless welcome this update warmly.   Tags: CPUs Memory Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Cryorig and Lian Li team up for the Taku desktop case 21 Asus ROG Rapture router is a mean gaming machine 49 Google confirms that Chrome will integrate an ad blocker in 2018 23 Plextor puts 64-layer 3D NAND to good use in the M9Pe SSDs 5 Rosewill brings its Neon keyboard and mice to Computex 11 Deals of the week: an RX 460 4GB for $100 and more 33 Thermaltake takes the warp zone from Level 10 to Level 20 16 Asus readies a trio of FreeSync-infused ROG Strix displays 33 Logitech's MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S go with the Flow 12 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS PrometheanFlame "No photography" +26 Neutronbeam "A good number of our gerbils have praised the build quality of Phanteks' enclos... +24 Kretschmer Routers come down to software quality 99% of the time. Throwing in the kitchen s... +20 morphine We can't comment without our lawyer in the room. +13 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • Intel's Core X-series CPUs and X299 platform revealed [235] • AMD and Newegg drop prices on Ryzen 7 CPUs [150] • AMD plans a summer of fun with RX Vega and Threadripper [131] • Asus ROG Rapture router is a mean gaming machine [49] Hot forum threads • What are REAL consumer CPUs? • Dashcam for my Car - Buying Advice Needed • DYMT: Imi's Legacy • What are you drinking RIGHT NOW? Zotac previews plenty of petite PCs for Computex 2017 by Zak Killian  3:30 PM on May 25, 2017 Zotac is probably more known for its mini-PCs than its graphics products. The company was doing "NUC-likes" before the NUC existed, and it continues to produce some of the more interesting mini-PCs around. At Computex, Zotac will be showing off no less than nine new takes on the Zbox idea, plus an intriguing gaming machine called MEK. Zotac Zbox EN1050K The E-series is primarily aimed at gamers and enthusiasts who need high performance. Zotac will have five new E-series machines to show off at Computex, including the EN1050K, EK51060, EK71070, ER51060, and the ER51070. The first model, the EN1050K, is externally identical to the Magnus EN1070 we reviewed. We can surmise from the model name that it probably includes a GeForce GTX 1050 or GTX 1050 Ti, but the rest of the hardware is a mystery for now. Zotac Zbox ER51070 The other four E-series machines utilize a taller chassis like that found on the EN1080 Magnus. The extra height gives them room to accommodate a standard desktop graphics card rather than having to rely on mobile-specific hardware. The two "EK" models, EK51060 and EK71070, use Kaby Lake Core i5 and i7 processors respectively. Those CPUs are paired with GeForce GTX 1060 or 1070 graphics cards depending on the model. Zotac Zbox ER51070 Meanwhile, the ER51060 and ER51070 are mini-PCs based on AMD's Ryzen processors. Zotac doesn't specify exactly which chips, although it says that the CPUs in question have a 65W TDP rating. Given that fact and the "R5" in the model numbers, we could probably make a fair guess. Besides the different internals, these machines appear to be identical to their Intel-based counterparts. That means you get a desktop-style (Zotac says "full-size") GeForce GTX 1060 or 1070 card. Zotac Zbox MA551 The M-series comprises Zotac's bread-and-butter mini-PCs. Zotac says the M stands for "multi-function", but it could as easily be "mainstream." The company will be bringing two M-series machines to Computex, the MI553 and MA551. These two little computers are nearly identical, except that one uses a Kaby Lake Intel processor, while the other uses a 65W Ryzen CPU. Zotac Zbox MA551 The Intel-powered MI553 comes with Thunderbolt 3 support, although it loses an HDMI port versus its Ryzen cousin for the privilege. Meanwhile, the Ryzen-based MA551 has a whole bunch of video connections. That leaves us wondering if it includes a discrete graphics card in some form, or if it will be based on an as-yet unannounced Ryzen-based APU. We're as eager to know as you are. Zotac Zbox PI225 The smallest of Zotac's mini-PCs are the Zbox P-series, formerly known as Zbox Pico. The company calls these its smallest Zboxes yet. The info sheet refers to the PI225 as "card-sized," and while the machine appears to be a a little too big for that moniker, it's doesn't appear to be larger than a typical smartphone. Zotac PR says the passively-cooled pocket PC is "4K display ready." Another fanless pocket PC, the PI335, will also be debuting at Computex. That model is thicker and closer to what we've seen from previous Zbox P-series models. Zotac Gaming MEK Finally, there's the MEK Gaming PC. While this machine doesn't exactly qualify as "mini PC," it's nonetheless interesting. The MEK is Zotac's first product from its new Zotac Gaming brand. The machine appears to be a more-or-less standard Mini-ITX gaming PC. The company didn't say much about what kind of internals will be available in the, but given its expertise with cramming hardware into micro machines, we have high expectations for the MEK's firepower. Tags: Systems Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Cryorig and Lian Li team up for the Taku desktop case 21 Asus ROG Rapture router is a mean gaming machine 49 Google confirms that Chrome will integrate an ad blocker in 2018 23 Plextor puts 64-layer 3D NAND to good use in the M9Pe SSDs 5 Rosewill brings its Neon keyboard and mice to Computex 11 Deals of the week: an RX 460 4GB for $100 and more 33 Thermaltake takes the warp zone from Level 10 to Level 20 16 Asus readies a trio of FreeSync-infused ROG Strix displays 33 Logitech's MX Master 2S and MX Anywhere 2S go with the Flow 12 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS PrometheanFlame "No photography" +26 Neutronbeam "A good number of our gerbils have praised the build quality of Phanteks' enclos... +24 Kretschmer Routers come down to software quality 99% of the time. Throwing in the kitchen s... +20 morphine We can't comment without our lawyer in the room. +13 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Skip to main content Research Events Publications Commentary Store Support About Cato Blog Our Experts Our Centers Facebook Twitter Search form Search this site A New Course for Antitrust Share Tweet Like Submit Plus Policy Forum June 16, 2009 12:00PM to 2:00PM EDT Auditorium/Wintergarden Featuring Carl Shapiro, Deputy Assistant Attorney General for Economics, Antitrust Division, U.S. Department of Justice; with comments by Joshua D. Wright, George Mason University School of Law; and Edwin S. Rockefeller, Former Chairman, ABA Section of Antitrust Law, and author of The Antitrust Religion. Moderated by Douglas H. Ginsburg, U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit. On May 11, Assistant Attorney General Christine Varney announced plans to restore an aggressive enforcement policy against corporations that engage in anti-competitive behavior. Specifically, the Justice Department was revoking legal guidelines that were adopted in September 2008 that made it more difficult to pursue antitrust cases. “The recent developments in the marketplace should make it clear that we can no longer rely upon the marketplace alone to ensure that competition and consumers will be protected,” explained the new head of the Antitrust Division. This policy reversal could be a shot across the bow of the tech industry, with Google and Intel now fearing the sort of legal action that plagued Microsoft in the 1990s. But should the government be going after profitable companies during weak economic times? What makes a merger anti-competitive or a business action monopolistic? How much does antitrust enforcement ultimately benefit the consumer? Please join us for an exploration of these and other issues that lie at the intersection of legal and economic theory and practice. Download the video of this event Download a podcast of this event This work by Cato Institute is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. Sign Up Receive periodic updates on Cato research, events, and publications. See our full list of email newsletters Also from Cato Internships and Student Programs DownsizingGovernment.org Libertarianism.org HumanProgress.org Cato Unbound PoliceMisconduct.net Freedom in the 50 States Overlawyered ElCato.org Alt-M Social Media Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube LinkedIn Instagram Tumblr RSS Cato Institute 1000 Massachusetts Ave, NW Washington, DC 20001-5403 Phone (202) 842 0200 Contact Us Media Contact
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 31°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Sunday May 28, 2017 05:22 PM GMT+8 ICYMI ‘Modern-day bank robbery’ lands Malaysian in Aussie jail The Edit: Message of defiance at concert The Edit: Hidden eats in Chow Kit The Edit: ‘Wonder Woman’ tops box office Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article CEO Tim Cook talks about Siri during an Apple event in San Francisco March 7, 2012. — Reuters picSAN FRANCISCO, May 28 — Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: The main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centres to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Smart cities to take centre stage at CES 2018 Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe A new era for Nokia Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa (VIDEO) Five powerhouse gaming PCs seen at Computex 2017 A new era for Nokia Will Samsung's new notebooks write a new chapter? Nokia takes its relaunched 3310 ‘brick’ home to Finland (VIDEO) Robo justice: First robotic cop joins Dubai police Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Apple said to ready Siri speaker in bid to rival Google, Amazon Apple Music sets August 8 as new release date for ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Chess-playing robot star of Taiwan tech fair Nokia, Apple bury hatchet in patent dispute Ready, Set, Go! Rematch of man vs machine in ancient game Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
GET IN TOUCH WhatsApp: 0549986996 +233 302 224959, +233 302 226171       Ghana News Ghana News, Ghana Politics, Ghana Sports, Ghana Business           Home Business Politics Sport Showbiz Odd But True Opinion Relationship Lifestyle Infographics Photo Gallery TV Future iPads, iPhones might have a special chip just for processing AI Sunday 28th May , 2017 8:50 am Apple’s reportedly working on a new kind of chip — potentially for future iOS devices — that’ll be used just for processing AI, Bloomberg reports. Bloomberg says the chip’s called the Apple Neural Engine internally, and could be used for “offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip.” By moving AI processing to a dedicated chip, battery life in devices could also see a boost since the main CPU and GPU wouldn’t be crunching as much data and gobbling as much power. The report says Apple plans to integrate the chip into its devices, but it’s unclear when that’ll happen, and if any iOS devices launching this year will have it. Apple’s work on an AI chip shouldn’t surprise anyone who’s paying attention to the competition. Virtually every tech company is working on improving AI processing on mobile devices. Qualcomm’s latest Snapdragon 835 chip, which is already in devices like the Samsung Galaxy S8, has a special module dedicated to processing AI tasks. Years ago, Apple started designing its own mobile processors to improve performance and reduce power consumption, and it’s really paid off. Despite having fewer cores, the iPhone 7 still crushes the Galaxy S8 when it comes to sheer performance. iPhones and iPads also come with an Apple-designed “M”-branded motion coprocessor to collect sensor data from the various included sensors (accelerometer, gyroscope, compass, etc.). It’s this M chip that helps with tracking health and fitness data. Furthermore, in addition to the main Intel processors in the new MacBook Pros, there’s also a small Apple-made “T1” chip for powering the Touch Bar. Apple’s AirPods also have a custom W1 chip that helps with pairing them to iOS devices. Clearly, Apple loves making custom chips for things. We’re all for it, especially if that means longer battery life. If the future is AI everywhere (and it definitely looks like that’s where things are headed), it’s in Apple’s best interests to control the stack (like it always does) with its own AI chip. – Source: Mashable Apple Ghana News Ipads Iphones Marian Efe Ansah Tagged with: Apple Ghana News Ipads Iphones More on citifmonline.com US now conducts social media background checks before issuing visa June 4, 2017 Tech leaders defy Trump on climate deal June 4, 2017 YouTube clarifies ‘hate speech’ rules June 3, 2017 Google to let publishers charge users for ad-blockers June 3, 2017 Tech leaders defy Trump on climate deal June 2, 2017 Ghana to launch first satellite into space June 2, 2017 General News Faure Gnassingbè is new ECOWAS chair June 4, 2017 Ghanaian church celebrates Chelsea’s Premier League success [Photos] June 4, 2017 Rawlings calls for complete overhaul of NDC June 4, 2017 Galamsey fight: River Pra showing signs of improvement June 4, 2017 Capt. Mahama’s killers could’ve been influenced by alcohol, wee – MP June 4, 2017 Advertisement Recent Posts Faure Gnassingbè is new ECOWAS chair London attack: 12 arrested in Barking after van and knife attack Ghanaian church celebrates Chelsea’s Premier League success [Photos] Rawlings calls for complete overhaul of NDC GHACEM to train quality block makers Galamsey fight: River Pra showing signs of improvement Osu lifts ban on drumming and noise making Capt. Mahama’s killers could’ve been influenced by alcohol, wee – MP Ghana Chamber of Mines to launch online portal on local content We’ll pay invigilators – GES Find us on Facebook © Copyright 2017 | citifmonline.com | All Rights Reserved.
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 AORUS 11 Gbps review EK Fluid Gaming A240G CPU & GPU Liquid Cooling review Guru3D Rig of the Month - May 2017 Corsair Commander PRO Review Fractal Design Focus G review Cooler Master Cosmos II 25th Anniversary Edition Review Plextor M8Se 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD review PowerColor Radeon RX 580 Red Devil review AMD Ryzen 5 1600 review Corsair GLAIVE RGB game mouse review New Downloads HWiNFO64 Download v5.52 GPU-Z Download v2.1.0 GeForce 382.33 WHQL driver download FINAL FANTASY XIV: Stormblood Benchmark Download Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.5 AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.18.4664 SiSoft Sandra 2017 download RTMa (build 24.18) AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.1 driver download New Forum Topics Windows 7 Market Share on the Rise again at Steam Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS Petrol vs Diesel Theresa May says the internet must now be regulated following London Bridge terror at EVGA GTX 980 Ti burned out today Gears of war 4 FREE TRIAL WEEK! RTSS 6.7.0 beta 1 I see no difference with anti-aliasing vs without...is this normal? G-SYNC questions NVidia Anti-Aliasing Guide (updated) Guru3D.com » News » AMD 16-core Threadripper Processors Listed Online AMD 16-core Threadripper Processors Listed Online by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 05/27/2017 08:39 AM | Source | 29 comment(s) It is always a bit of a question, is it click-bait from an etailer, or is it the real thing. Over at Greek online retailer Skroutz two 16-core Threadripper Processors surfaced online in their store, the AMD Threadripper 1998 and 1998X. Interesting as Threadripper processors are due for release in the summer. The listing is curious as it doesn't even come with pricetags. However the listing does show some specifications. Both models are th 16-core 32-threaded parts, and they have specced them at a 3.20 GHz base (unknown Boost) for the 1998 model and 3.5 GHz for the 1998X model.  Both procs are tagged under socket SP3r2, AMD's 4,094-pin LGA socket. AMD’s high-end desktop (HEDT) platform, code named Whitehaven, will include support for quad-channel DDR4 memory and up to 44 PCIe lanes. It will compete directly with Intel’s upcoming HEDT X299 platform and Skylake X CPUs which will feature up to 12 cores. Previous have indicated that the flagship 1998X would feature clock speeds of 3.5GHz base and 3.9GHz boost with AMD XFR (Extended Frequency Range) feature. The CPU get a very reasonable 155W TDP, 5 watts less than Intel’s 12-core Skylake X CPU. To be released soon? Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Far Cry 5 Will be released February 17th 2018 + Announce Trailer · AMD 16-core Threadripper Processors Listed Online · PNY at Computex Reveals GeForce GTX 1080 Ti XLR8 Gaming OC » Related Stories AMD 16-Core Interlagos Server CPUs ships in August - 07/26/2011 02:17 AM This processor series has popped up in the news a couple of times already. Its getting more substantial now though. As it seems AMD 16-core Interlagos platform in Q2 2011 - 11/18/2010 01:04 PM Scheduled for production in the second quarter of 2011 and launch with widespread availability in the third quarter, AMD has revealed its latest Interlagos processor featuring up to 16 cores and four ... 2 pages 1 2 Phill-7 Member Guru Posts: 59 Joined: 2004-05-17 #5436595 Posted on: 05/27/2017 02:28 PM I hope it won't be a wallet ripper as well. Emille Master Guru Posts: 550 Joined: 2014-09-22 #5436623 Posted on: 05/27/2017 03:45 PM This is great for all consumers. Whether or not it can compete clock for clock with intels sklyake x etc is irrelevant, because if people see that they can buy a cpu with more cores with a motherboard that has 44pci lanes top to bottom, they might think long term it's a better and possibly cheaper option and intel will have to react accordingly. The 4 core b.s race is over, and it would be pointless to say '10, 12, 16 cores is overkill' because then sooner it's available the sooner it will become mainstream and I applaud AMD for doing what intel held off doing for far too long because of their market dominance. Elder III Ancient Guru Posts: 3229 Joined: 2010-05-16 #5436673 Posted on: 05/27/2017 08:55 PM Competition is a sweet sweet thing indeed. Anarion Ancient Guru Posts: 12852 Joined: 2005-08-13 #5436679 Posted on: 05/27/2017 09:29 PM 16 core & 32 thread CPU would make H.265 encoding almost bearable. I would definitely find use for all those cores. It also looks like the real competitions between AMD and Intel is finally happening again. BigMaMaInHouse Member Guru Posts: 52 Joined: 2016-10-11 #5436763 Posted on: 05/28/2017 09:36 AM I think those gonna be the prices for the upcoming Cpu's: 1998X $1599 1998 $1399 1977X $1299 1977 $1199 1976X $1099 1956X $999 1956 $849 1955X $699 1955 $599 angelgraves13 Master Guru Posts: 492 Joined: 2014-10-11 #5436770 Posted on: 05/28/2017 10:36 AM Quote: Originally Posted by BigMaMaInHouse I think those gonna be the prices for the upcoming Cpu's: 1998X $1599 1998 $1399 1977X $1299 1977 $1199 1976X $1099 1956X $999 1956 $849 1955X $699 1955 $599 I'm thinking more like... 1998X $999 1998 $950 1977X $899 1977 $850 1976X $799 1956X $750 1956 $699 1955X $650 1955 $599 Can't beat Intel in performance, so beat them in dollars. BigMaMaInHouse Member Guru Posts: 52 Joined: 2016-10-11 #5436775 Posted on: 05/28/2017 11:48 AM ???? The Intel Core i7-6950X sells for $1649 on newegg now, and its only 10C cpu, so why AMD do suicide and sell the top 16core CPU for $999, remember it's not for gaming like 1800X vs 7700K, in CB and similar multi core rendering etc' already the 1800X comes near i7 6950X so the 16Core will crush it, this is why I think $1599 will be good price by AMD. And like the 1700 vs 1800X the 1998 will be much cheaper and best seller 16Core . Man I can't wait :-), last time I was so exited was 12 years ago when I finished High school :-). JamesSneed Newbie Posts: 44 Joined: 2017-02-14 #5436811 Posted on: 05/28/2017 05:22 PM I suspect the pricing will start at $500 and will go up to $1,600. The 1800x will go down to $450. This is what my crystal ball says. The reasoning is the AMD 10 core will compete against Intel's 6 core, 12 vs 8, 14 vs 10, 16 vs 12. This would land the pricing right around Intel in each bracket and if AMD's scaling is as good as I expect it to be then AMD should be the clear winner in each of the price comparisons. RzrTrek Maha Guru Posts: 857 Joined: 2012-04-16 #5436817 Posted on: 05/28/2017 05:53 PM I really want AMD to get back into the game, but I think Intel still has the upper hand when it comes to performance per watt so it's going to be a tough race. Loophole35 Ancient Guru Posts: 8004 Joined: 2011-09-21 #5436821 Posted on: 05/28/2017 06:03 PM Quote: Originally Posted by RzrTrek I really want AMD to get back into the game, but I think Intel still has the upper hand when it comes to performance per watt so it's going to be a tough race. LOL wut. 1800x [IMG]http://www.guru3d.com/index.php?ct=articles&action=file&id=28983[/IMG] Vs. 6950x [IMG]http://www.guru3d.com/index.php?ct=articles&action=file&id=21996[/IMG] Undying Ancient Guru Posts: 9602 Joined: 2008-08-28 #5436822 Posted on: 05/28/2017 06:06 PM Quote: Originally Posted by RzrTrek I really want AMD to get back into the game, but I think Intel still has the upper hand when it comes to performance per watt so it's going to be a tough race. You do realize upcoming i9 are rated 175W TDP (wow)? What performance per watt are you talking about? BigMaMaInHouse Member Guru Posts: 52 Joined: 2016-10-11 #5436833 Posted on: 05/28/2017 07:14 PM Quote: Originally Posted by RzrTrek I really want AMD to get back into the game, but I think Intel still has the upper hand when it comes to performance per watt so it's going to be a tough race. LOL what/ look here: [IMG]http://hexus.net/media/uploaded/2017/5/a381289f-10c5-4bae-b4e9-535243edd8c7.png[/IMG] Darkest Ancient Guru Posts: 9956 Joined: 2003-03-25 #5436835 Posted on: 05/28/2017 07:47 PM Quote: Originally Posted by BigMaMaInHouse LOL what/ look here: [IMG]http://hexus.net/media/uploaded/2017/5/a381289f-10c5-4bae-b4e9-535243edd8c7.png[/IMG] That chart lists value, not performance. If you'd linked to the actual page you got that chart from, it's explained in the article. I'll use the article you (sort of) linked to explain what I mean. http://hexus.net/tech/reviews/cpu/10...0-14nm/?page=9 Intel is at times ahead in offering more performance per watt. Granted, this isn't always the case, and it's not something I'd factor into a purchasing decision anyway. Power Consumption: [IMG]http://hexus.net/media/uploaded/2017/5/3cfbda4c-c1ac-468e-bc14-8fd6504ccc70.png[/IMG] Gaming Performance: [IMG]http://hexus.net/media/uploaded/2017/5/50cd5c59-182b-472e-bd65-345f087a2578.png[/IMG] Intel is generally matching or beating AMD while using less power in the case of the 4c8t options. So you could say a 7700K has more performance per watt than the AMD 1400 (also a 4c8t processor). You could still argue the 1400 is better value as it isn't far behind and costs considerably less. Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 LOL wut. 1800x [IMG]http://www.guru3d.com/index.php?ct=articles&action=file&id=28983[/IMG] Vs. 6950x [IMG]http://www.guru3d.com/index.php?ct=articles&action=file&id=21996[/IMG] To be fair, that's a 10c20t CPU (Intel) up against an 8c16t CPU (AMD). Loophole35 Ancient Guru Posts: 8004 Joined: 2011-09-21 #5436853 Posted on: 05/28/2017 10:10 PM Quote: Originally Posted by Darkest That chart lists value, not performance. If you'd linked to the actual page you got that chart from, it's explained in the article. I'll use the article you (sort of) linked to explain what I mean. http://hexus.net/tech/reviews/cpu/10...0-14nm/?page=9 Intel is at times ahead in offering more performance per watt. Granted, this isn't always the case, and it's not something I'd factor into a purchasing decision anyway. Power Consumption: [IMG]http://hexus.net/media/uploaded/2017/5/3cfbda4c-c1ac-468e-bc14-8fd6504ccc70.png[/IMG] Gaming Performance: [IMG]http://hexus.net/media/uploaded/2017/5/50cd5c59-182b-472e-bd65-345f087a2578.png[/IMG] Intel is generally matching or beating AMD while using less power in the case of the 4c8t options. So you could say a 7700K has more performance per watt than the AMD 1400 (also a 4c8t processor). You could still argue the 1400 is better value as it isn't far behind and costs considerably less. To be fair, that's a 10c20t CPU (Intel) up against an 8c16t CPU (AMD). Please look at the 1500x in your linked charts. And two cores on the 6950x would likely be the difference in power but as the 1800X matched or beats the 6950x in a lot of multithreaded tasks and the argument was Intel beats Ryzen in performance per watt those charts are very relevant. Darkest Ancient Guru Posts: 9956 Joined: 2003-03-25 #5436867 Posted on: 05/28/2017 11:05 PM I didn't even notice the 1500 there to be honest, although I was more using the same article that poster used as an example for performance per watt VS value than anything. The results seem odd given the 1500 is using less power than the 1400, but then I don't normally use the Hexus website. I'm not disagreeing with the thought that AMD is better than Intel in certain respects at the moment. I wouldn't touch a 4c4t Intel processor with a barge pole at the moment if I was in the process of building a new system. I think Ryzen offers incredible price/performance for most consumer market segments, and that unless you have specific needs that favour Intel hardware you're better off saving a chunk of money. 2 pages 1 2 Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
About US Contact US Registration Sunday June 4th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Analysis-Reportage MIL Analysis-Reportage Security-Intel-Police Security Intelligence Cyber Security Defence Economics Environment Sen. Moran Leads Bipartisan Group of Senators Requesting Swift Movement of MGT Act By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 27, 2017  /  Comments Off on Sen. Moran Leads Bipartisan Group of Senators Requesting Swift Movement of MGT Act       Print       Email MIL OSI United States – Source: United States Senator for Kansas – Jerry Moran Headline: Sen. Moran Leads Bipartisan Group of Senators Requesting Swift Movement of MGT Act WASHINGTON – U.S. Senator Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) today authored a letter to the chairman and ranking member of the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee requesting swift consideration of the Modernizing Government Technology (MGT) Act of 2017 (S. 990/H.R. 2227), legislation to modernize government information technology (IT), eliminate wasteful spending and strengthen cybersecurity. The letter was also signed by U.S. Senators Tom Udall (D-N.M.), Steve Daines (R-Mont.) and Mark Warner (D-Va.). “In the time that has passed since we first introduced this legislation, the threats of hacking, espionage and cybercrime have only grown more real,” said Sen. Moran. “This month we saw a worldwide ransomware attack that impacted hundreds of thousands of computers in more than 150 countries. Protecting our data has never been more important. By bringing government IT systems into the 21st century, not only can we strengthen the security of our data, we can save billions of taxpayer dollars by reducing long-term wasteful spending.” “Senators from both sides of the aisle recognize the urgency of this issue: as we have seen just this month with the ‘WannaCry’ attack, global cyberattacks are becoming increasingly sophisticated and pose a complex and serious threat to our national security,” said Sen. Udall. “But the federal government continues to rely on grossly outdated IT systems that make us vulnerable to such damaging cyberattacks. I welcome House passage of this bipartisan legislation, which will help federal agencies to retire old systems and invest in new and critical technologies. Maintaining old IT systems is a security risk and costs taxpayers billions of dollars each year. Now it’s time for the Senate to pass this bipartisan bill and see it signed into law, to ensure that our government is getting better service at a better value for American taxpayers.”? “Having spent twelve years in the technology sector, I know firsthand the threats cyber criminals pose and the need for modernized equipment to protect against attacks,” said Sen. Daines. “We have seen in recent years attacks on private business and governments that have crippling effects. It is more important now than ever to pass this important bipartisan legislation and bring the government into the modern era.”   “Ensuring that government agencies have the resources to invest in current technology is just smart management: Up-to-date systems means better service delivery and improved cyber security,” said Sen. Warner. “Our bipartisan legislation is a commonsense step to enable federal agencies to make these critical investments.” In the House, which passed the MGT Act with bipartisan support on May 17, the bill was led by U.S. Representatives Will Hurd (R-Texas) and Gerry Connolly (D-Va.). The bill is supported by a number of IT industry stakeholders and trade associations including the IT Alliance for the Public Sector (ITAPS), Professional Services Council (PSC), TechNet, Amazon Web Service, Cisco, Adobe, BMC, Brocade, Intel, Microsoft, Business Roundtable, CA Technologie, Compuware, CSRA, Level 3 and Unisys. Full text of the letter is below and can be found here.  Dear Chairman Johnson and Ranking Member McCaskill, We write to respectfully request that the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs mark up the Modernizing Government Technology (MGT) Act of 2017. We believe our bipartisan legislation complements your interest in improving how the federal government acquires, implements, and manages information technology (IT).  The federal government spends over $80 billion annually on major IT systems, with more than 75 percent expended on maintaining existing IT rather than investing in development, modernization and enhancement activities.  The rising cost of maintaining such “legacy” IT systems hinders the ability for agencies to replace their aging technology tools with more cost-effective solutions. According to the Government Accountability Office (GAO), federal IT systems use outdated software languages and hardware parts that are unsupported, making them vulnerable to cyberattacks.[2] Aging federal IT systems may pose other serious security risks due to the inability to use data encryption, multi-factor authentication and other current security best practices. The MGT Act would establish IT working capital funds at the 24 agencies pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers (CFO) Act of 1990 (P.L. 101-576) and a separate centralized modernization fund within the Department of the Treasury for a federal IT expert board to administer across the federal government.  Savings obtained by federal agencies through streamlining IT systems, replacing legacy products and transitioning to cloud computing can be placed in a working capital fund that can be accessed for up to 3 years for further modernization efforts. The House of Representatives has already approved its companion legislation, H.R. 2227, which passed by voice vote on May 17, 2017.  The MGT Act garnered endorsements from numerous stakeholder groups, including the IT Alliance for the Public Sector (ITAPS), Professional Services Council (PSC), TechNet, Amazon Web Service, Cisco, and others.  Reporting the MGT Act out of the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs will help advance our shared goal of preserving national security and ensuring that the federal government uses taxpayer dollars wisely.  Thank you for your consideration and your continued leadership on these issues.  ###     Print       Email Published: 1 week ago on May 27, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 27, 2017 @ 7:50 pm Filed Under: Americas, English, MIL OSI, News Releases, Open Source Intel, United States, United States Government, United States of America, United States Senate, United States Senator for Kansas - Jerry Moran NEXT ARTICLE → Queensland’s NAIF announcement a nail in the coffin for Adani’s Carmichael mega-mine ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Motorists advised to drive with caution on Tamaki Drive, Auckland About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts UN chief strongly condemns terrorist attacks in London Statement on investigation into London Bridge and Borough Market terror attacks New York-Israel Global Path Through History Initiative New York-Israel Global Path Through History Initiative Canadian Defence Minister and Chief of the Defence Staff Attend Asia Security Summit © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book 72 Hours with the Samsung Galaxy Book TECH 72 Hours with the Samsung Galaxy Book Credit: Samsung by Ben Radding More News The Sleeping Bag Re-Imagined: A Field Test of the ZenBivy Bed The Best Bike Helmets for Every Kind of Rider Everyday Carry — The 5 Multi-Tools that Can Do It All Bespoke Is Better: 15 Handmade Accessories You Can't Get Anywhere Else Upgrade to a Better Beer Fridge All Stories Right now, 2-in-1 hybrid tablets are all the rage. Computing as either a laptop or a tablet is becoming an industry standard — even long-time holdouts like Apple, with the iPad Pro, have dipped their toes in the 2-in-1 water. Into this crowded field comes Samsung’s Microsoft Pro 4 clone, the Galaxy Book. Spec-wise, it’s a fierce machine: The Galaxy Book boasts a lot of the cutting edge in hybrid tablets. This includes a sharp Super AMOLED display, with a 2,160-by-1,440 resolution, the latest, fastest, fanless Intel Core i5 processor, and two USB-C ports to plug in all your peripherals. (We should say — we're testing out the 12-inch version. There is also a 10-inch version that is considerably cheaper, and has considerably less going for it.) There’s plenty of storage offered, starting at 128GB and going up to 512GB, and plenty of memory for all your computing needs, with 8GB of RAM. ALSO: 72 Hours With the iPad Pro The Galaxy Book comes bundled with a keyboard cover and included S-Pen, unlike, say, the iPad Pro or the Microsoft Surface Pro 4, whose pens and keyboards are sold separately. If you’re in the market for a new laptop and you’d like a tablet for all your entertainment, the Galaxy Book is a fair value proposition, with a starting price of $1,130. Over three days, we put the hybrid tablet through the motions. Here’s what we found. Day 1 The first thing you notice about the Galaxy Book is how thin it is for a full-powered Windows tablet — before you put the cover on. At only a few millimeters thin and 1.6 pounds heavy, the tablet itself is easy to pick up and carry around one-handed (not a trivial detail for those looking to replace their laptop). When you slap the keyboard cover on, it definitely adds a little density and heft into the mix, but that’s at least partially because of the quality of the keyboard itself: It’s unrivaled in the 2-in-1 community, as far as we can tell. While Type Covers for the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 have valued thinness and low-key travel, the Galaxy Book’s keyboard has more of a full-on laptop feel to it. That means the keys are snappy, have lots of travel, and are generously spaced. In other words, you feel like you’re typing on a laptop. Typing this review right now might be a breeze, but I immediately notice one of the hybrid’s biggest weaknesses: The keyboard cover is flimsily adjustable to three positions, so while you can modify the Galaxy Book’s “lapability” (how well the laptop sits in your lap), like you can with the Surface Pro 4, there’s a bit of a balancing act going on. That’s due to the fact that the tablet itself doesn’t have an adjustable stand, but relies on the keyboard to stay vertical. A little uncomfortable, perhaps, but not a deal breaker. ALSO: Tablets That Do It All for Under $100 And the battery life? We’ve only been typing this review for a couple hours, switching between Word and Chrome on medium brightness, and the tablet’s already drained 25 percent of its battery. The Galaxy Book might just squeeze by with an all-day battery life, but barely. Day 2 Since the Galaxy Book comes boxed with software, we needed an update. That's when we noticed something: While the Galaxy Book performed the update well, it got hot. Very hot. The Galaxy Book relies on Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor, an i5 that doesn’t require a fan, but in this instance, the tablet feels like it could use one. The included S-Pen is certainly one of the bigger draws (no pun intended) of the Galaxy Book. The S-Pen isn’t pressure sensitive, like the Apple Pencil, but performs admirably. The tip moves across the screen smoothly, and there’s no delay in what you’re drawing and what you end up seeing on the screen. In order to plug in any peripherals — a mouse, a hard drive, what have you — we needed to use an adapter (or “dongle”) because there are two USB-C ports, and that’s all you get. Either port will charge the device when it’s plugged in. You’re seeing more and more USB-C ports on machines, such as the new Macbook Pros, and that’s because they’re becoming a highly adaptable universal standard. We’re glad to see them included on the Galaxy Book — it keeps the device thin, and with a simple adapter, you can plug in whatever you’d like. Of course, you’ll have to pay extra for that dongle. Day 3 By day three, it's clear that the Samsung Galaxy Book is a breeze to get used to, and is capable of running multiple programs and windows without any slowdown. We wrote in Word, browsed in both Chrome and Edge, and played a video in VLC without experiencing any stuttering or slowdowns.  The batteries, however, continue to be a problem. Barely half an hour into working, we’re down to 85 percent life. We checked, and there were no demanding tasks outside of Chrome and Word. Samsung estimates that the tablet will get 10 hours or so of life with mixed use, but we’re entirely skeptical. Then again, it could just be our test model. It’s evident that the Galaxy Book is meant to be a Surface Pro 4 competitor — and, for right now, it beats the Surface Pro 4 in terms of specs. The Galaxy Book has the latest hardware, but the Surface Pro 5 is expected soon, so the Galaxy Book won’t be top-of-the-line for too incredibly long. It’s sure to beat the Surface Pro 5 in price — at $1,300 or so, keyboard and pen included, it’s a really great value — and the keyboard is one of the best we’ve used with a 2-in-1. But the Galaxy Book could use some finessing in terms of its keyboard cover’s “lapability,” battery life, and heat. When it comes to a Windows machines, we say Microsoft makes the best ones. Samsung’s new Galaxy Book isn’t far behind, and more budget friendly. If you’re looking for a Windows 2-in-1 to replace your laptop, in a thin design and future-proofed with USB-C ports, it’s a good deal.  More News The Sleeping Bag Re-Imagined: A Field Test of the ZenBivy Bed The Best Bike Helmets for Every Kind of Rider Everyday Carry — The 5 Multi-Tools that Can Do It All Bespoke Is Better: 15 Handmade Accessories You Can't Get Anywhere Else Upgrade to a Better Beer Fridge All Stories Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Can You Handle These 4 Fast-Paced Bodyweight... 1 Alex Honnold Free Solos Yosemite's El Capitan 2 Hop-Infused Pomade for Better Beer-Head 3 The Adventurer's Triathlon: 8 Badass... 4 What Chef Seamus Mullen Eats Before His... 5 The Sleeping Bag Re-Imagined: A Field Test of... 6 Why "Go Outside" Are the Two Most Important... 7 The Medical Costs of Bike Accidents Are... 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Technology Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple races to catch up with Amazon, Alphabet, plans dedicated chip to power artificial intelligence on devices Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. By: Bloomberg | Published: May 27, 2017 6:23 PM Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. (Reuters) Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. You May Also Like To Watch This: The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. J Jack Smith May 28, 2017 at 5:39 pm Apple has become the vapor ware company and it really saddens me. We hear that Apple will do a self driving car but then nothing. Apple will do a TV streaming service and we get nada! Apple will create their own cloud and even gets a code name of McQueen but nothing produced. Continue spending over 600m a year to use Google cloud and still has a large chunk running on AWS. Apple resorts to leaking something so they do not look so pathetic and we get nothing. I remember when Apple kept things secret and close to the vest and then when it was done and really something surprised us and completely blew us away and then I loved those words and you can buy it today! I have goose bumps right now. This is not my Apple any longer. Reply Don't Miss After NTPC's Rs 28,000 cr capex plan revealed, Centre waives buyback offer that could have netted it Rs 8,000 cr Good news: Under GST regime, your clothes bill unlikely to rise ISRO to launch India's heaviest satellite GSLV Mk III today; here's what Chinese media is saying Bandipora attack: Four terrorists killed by security forces after militants attack CRPF camp at Sumbal in Jammu and Kashmir Yogi Adityanath government to install statues of OBC, upper caste icons in Mayawati parks in UP IT industry layoffs: For employees, here's what is the need of the hour Uttar Pradesh: 22 dead, several injured after bus collides with truck on Bareilly national highway Reliance Jio aggravated Reliance Communications trouble, but government did everyone in; here's how Talent development: Now possible to envision human and digital tech in a new equation of 1+1=11 Hyperx Cloud Revolver S priced at Rs 12,999 is ideal for serious gamers; here's why Business Gallery India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy: Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh power India to a strong total; check pics London terror attack: 7 people killed at London Bridge and Borough Street; cops gun down 3 terrorists Narendra Modi France visit: From terrorism to climate change, here is what’s on PM’s agenda Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Technology Gallery China’s solar powered unmanned plane Caihong can stay in air for months; here’s how it looks like Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know Hindi News योगी आदित्य नाथ सरकार का फैसला- मायावती के बनाए दलित पार्कों में ओबीसी और अगड़ी जातियों की विभूतियां भी होंगी विराजमान कश्मीर: सीआरपीएफ कैंप पर हमला, जवाबी कार्रवाई में चार आतंकवादी मारे गए सिपाही ने किया पीसीआर को फोन- अरविंद केजरीवाल की हत्या कर दूंगा, दिल्ली सीएम के घर पर सुरक्षा बढ़ी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman MemxPro Showcases Latest DRAM and Flash Storage Solutions for Enterprise and Industrial Markets MemxPro Showcases Latest DRAM and Flash Storage Solutions for Enterprise and Industrial Markets Taipei, Taiwan, May 27, 2017 –(PR.com)– MemxPro, a leading DRAM module and SSD solution provider for defense, industrial, in-vehicle, and enterprise markets, will showcase their latest U.2 M.2 PCIe Gen 3 x4 enterprise SSD, (up to) 8TB high-density super slim SSD, SATA 3 SSD with 3D NAND, low-power high-end DDR4-3200 module, and industrial rugged DRAM module for IoT at Computex 2017 under the banner, “The Pioneer of Future Memory and IoT Solutions.” In the era of IoT and Big Data, smart devices are developing very fast and their storage requirements will become a fundamental part of their innovation and application requirements. To meet this need, MemxPro’s core technology advantage and renowned craftsmanship will focus on a wide range of DRAM memory and flash storage solutions committed to quality and reliability. Server and data center storage applications open up the possibility of higher capacity. Data security, high performance, reliability, over current/voltage protection, and power loss protection have become increasingly important attributes in high-end server SSDs. For this market, MemxPro launched NVMe SSDs – U.2 PCIe and M.2 PCIe 2280, supporting PCIe Gen 3 x4 interface, paired with 3D NAND, and high-density 7-mm height eMMC SSD – 2.5” SSD GT with MemxPro MP808 controller and eMMC flash up to 8TB, plus RDIMM and ECC DIMMs in various capacities. In IoT applications, all edge devices at entry points at the front end sense and store data through gateways into local enterprise or cloud server providers. MemxPro provides application-specific storage devices targeted at four segments – smart factory (Industry 4.0), smart city (smart retail, gaming, healthcare, and surveillance, etc.), government/defense/aerospace, and in-vehicle and transportation. MemxPro’s industrial DRAM DIMMs and SSDs support industrial wide temperature operation, IP based waterproof and dustproof standards, military-grade robustness, extended lifespans, data security, and power loss protection to face all the challenges of tough operating environments. MemxPro debuts its 3D NAND offering with the 2.5” SSD A3A series, which enhances endurance and reliability with technology innovation. MemxPro DRAM modules include SDRAM, DDR and DDR2 legacy products for industrial usage. For DDR 3 and DDR 4, protective coating, anti-shock & vibration fixture design, and industrial grade wide temperature RAM modules are available and tailored to customers’ specific application needs. In addition, MemxPro ARM/RISC DRAM modules use 32/64/72-bit SODIMMs for non-x86 architectures whose main application will be small footprint ARM and RISC based industrial tablets and portable devices. To effectively monitor MemxPro storage devices, MemxPro launches its updated SMARTPro 3.0 software tool for Windows. In addition to supporting MemxPro SATA 3 SSD series, SMARTPro 3.0 provides disk status in MemxPro’s DRAM DIMMs and NVMe PCIe Gen3 x4 SSDs. SMARTPro 3.0 also reveals a whole new user-friendly interface to display more disk information and graphs. Users can easily change company logo, background and buttons for a customized version. SMARTPro 3.0 also supports Intel RAID (IRST) to accurately recognize and detect RAID cards of every disk. For advanced users, this new version provides information regarding readable spare blocks, average erase counts, history records for that month (disk temperature, health status, spare blocks, average erase counts, power on hours, relocated sector counts, total host reads, and total host writes). Integrated with an enterprise database, the system will record SSD status and store data logs to benefit big data analysis and other applications. About MemxPro MemxPro provides reliable industrial memory and flash storage solutions with integrated design services to cater for the customized needs of industrial OEM customers. Products are used in a variety of applications including automation and manufacturing, environmental control, military and aerospace, network and communications, automotive and transportation, medical & healthcare, gaming, retail and more. At present, MemxPro’s main product lines focus on DRAM and flash memory storage devices through PCI Express, SATA and USB high-speed storage interfaces, and support various capacities in different form factors. MemxPro strives to deliver high-quality products and unsurpassed service, becoming one of the leading brands for industrial memory solutions around the world. For more information, please visit www.memxpro.com or email us at info@memxpro.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CarSmart Seminars – New Exciting Information Never Before Shared with the General Public is Now Available by Attending One of These Seminars Next PostNext SRS Real Estate Partners Facilitates Gilbert Growth with Multiple Tenant Additions to Pecos & Higley Search Recent Posts High Voltage Circuit Breaker Market 2017 Worldwide Detailed Analysis by Covering All Major Industrial Aspects 2022 Speech by CE at World Sustainable Built Environment Conference 2017 Hong Kong (English only) Software Defined Networking Will Underpin Enterprise Connectivity in Australia as Organisations Seek to Optimise Cost and Bandwidth Herbalife Nutrition Announces That in the Month of May 90% of Sales in the United States Were Documented Purchases by Consumers, Far in Excess of the 80% Threshold Called for in its Agreement With the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Solar Industry Urges Nevada Governor to Sign Bill Supporting Solar Jobs and Homeowners in State Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India dodge rain, crush Pakistan in insipid opener Indian Army to open doors to women in combat roles: General Bipin Rawat Rajiv Gandhi’s statue damaged, Congress declares protest School principal held in Bihar topper case Day two of NIA raids: Hurriyat leader, businessmen’s homes searched London Bridge terror attack live updates: Vehicle rampage in one area, stabbing in Borough market, 7 feared dead Germany will allow protests at G20: Answer is in conversation Mamata Banerjee pens song for West Bengal, designs ‘unique’ state emblem A little fact-check of Honourable Judge’s cow order in Rajasthan My target is to create 5 crore jobs in the future, and add 3 per cent to the nation’s GDP: Nitin Gadkari Home Technology Tech News Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple said to plan dedicated chip to power AI on devices Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. By: Bloomberg | Published:May 27, 2017 1:02 pm Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. Related News Apple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage Apple WWDC 2017: iOS 11 to Siri speaker, everything to be announced Apple WWDC 2017: Refreshed MacBooks, Siri-powered speaker, and more announcements expected Apple Inc. got an early start in artificial intelligence software with the 2011 introduction of Siri, a tool that lets users operate their smartphones with voice commands. Now the electronics giant is bringing artificial intelligence to chips. Apple is working on a processor devoted specifically to AI-related tasks, according to a person familiar with the matter. The chip, known internally as the Apple Neural Engine, would improve the way the company’s devices handle tasks that would otherwise require human intelligence — such as facial recognition and speech recognition, said the person, who requested anonymity discussing a product that hasn’t been made public. Apple declined to comment. Engineers at Apple are racing to catch their peers at Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. in the booming field of artificial intelligence. While Siri gave Apple an early advantage in voice-recognition, competitors have since been more aggressive in deploying AI across their product lines, including Amazon’s Echo and Google’s Home digital assistants. An AI-enabled processor would help Cupertino, California-based Apple integrate more advanced capabilities into devices, particularly cars that drive themselves and gadgets that run augmented reality, the technology that superimposes graphics and other information onto a person’s view of the world. “Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI,” said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst and co-founder of venture capital firm Loup Ventures. “At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence.” Improved Performance Apple devices currently handle complex artificial intelligence processes with two different chips: the main processor and the graphics chip. The new chip would let Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated module designed specifically for demanding artificial intelligence processing, allowing Apple to improve battery performance. Should Apple bring the chip out of testing and development, it would follow other semiconductor makers that have already introduced dedicated AI chips. Qualcomm Inc.’s latest Snapdragon chip for smartphones has a module for handling artificial intelligence tasks, while Google announced its first chip, called the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU), in 2016. That chip worked in Google’s data centers to power search results and image-recognition. At its I/O conference this year, Google announced a new version that will be available to clients of its cloud business. Nvidia Corp. also sells a similar chip to cloud customers. The Apple AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple’s hardware over time, and the company plans to eventually integrate the chip into many of its devices, including the iPhone and iPad, according to the person with knowledge of the matter. Apple has tested prototypes of future iPhones with the chip, the person said, adding that it’s unclear if the component will be ready this year. Apple’s operating systems and software features would integrate with devices that include the chip. For example, Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos application, some parts of speech recognition, and the iPhone’s predictive keyboard to the chip, the person said. Apple also plans to offer developer access to the chip so third-party apps can also offload artificial intelligence-related tasks, the person said. Developer Conference Apple may choose to discuss some of its latest advancements in AI at its annual developer’s conference in June. At the same conference, Apple plans to introduce iOS 11, its new operating system for iPhones and iPads, with an updated user-interface, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company is also said to discuss updated laptops with faster chips from Intel Corp. An AI chip would join a growing list of processors that Apple has created in-house. The company began designing its own main processors for the iPhone and iPad in 2010 with the A4 chip. It has since released dedicated processors to power the Apple Watch, the motion sensors across its products, the wireless components inside of its AirPods, and the fingerprint scanner in the MacBook Pro. The company has also tested a chip to run the low-power mode on Mac laptops. In 2015, Bloomberg reported that Apple’s culture of secrecy stymied the iPhone maker’s ability to attract top AI research talent. Since then, Apple has acquired multiple companies with deep ties to artificial intelligence, has begun publishing papers related to AI research, has joined a key research group and has made hires from the field. In October 2016, Apple hired Russ Salakhutdinov from Carnegie Mellon University as its director of AI research. More Related News Apple set to expand Siri, taking different route from Amazon’s Alexa Apple expands Swift Playgrounds, its educational coding app to robots, drones For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App Tags: Apple J Jack Smith May 27, 2017 at 3:39 pm 2015 for Google TensorFlow Processors (TPUs) and NOT 2016. Even today the first generation TPUs beat anything commercially available. But Google now has generation 2 which is just miles ahead of anything else. A TPU pod is able to generate 11.5 peta flops of fp16. No that is NOT a typo. But the key is Google is doing it on a small fraction of the power of any compe or. So Google inference per joule is a tiny fraction of someone like Nvidia. Smart move on Apple to try to copy Google and create something similar. Google shared the details of their generation 1 in a paper that Apple could then just use to build theirs. Reply Most Read India vs Pakistan ICC Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch the cricket match, live TV coverage, time in IST India vs Pakistan, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L), Match highlights Kareena Kapoor Khan's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe Shah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video MH CET results 2017 declared at dtemaharashtra.gov.in, check now Best of Express Bahrain, Saudi Arabia cut ties with Qatar over internal affairs, terrorism J-K: Four militants killed in an attack on CRPF camp in Bandipora At least 17 dead after bus collides with truck in Bareilly OpinionIt is delusional to celebrate the Aadhaar tidal wave, and criminal to turn a blind eye OpinionThe class of 2017: They must work to stanch the anger that has thrown up leaders like Trump Buzzing Now EntertainmentKareena's son Taimur Ali Khan is gifted with his mom's facial expressions. See these photos to believe EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's anger knew no bounds after Ramez Galal's Ramadan TV prank. Watch video EntertainmentRanveer Singh is 'missing' Deepika Padukone. Is this finally an acknowledgement of their relationship? See photo TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: Twitterati in splits over Imad Wasim's new hairstyle TrendingIndia vs Pakistan: This camel predicts Pak will defeat India in ICC Champions Trophy match Top News Violence against BJP will make more lotuses bloom in Kerala: Amit Shah TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage London terror attack: ISIS claims responsibility, 12 arrested Chhattisgarh tweaks 38-year rule for tribal sterilisation, but govt nod still required SportsBatsmen shine as India complete Pakistan hammering Sports5 talking points from India's hammering of Pakistan  20 quotes from Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things that will make you crave for her next book  GQ Best Dressed 2017 red carpet: Shraddha Kapoor, Sayani Gupta, Arjun Kapoor up the style quotient TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Look for signs when Tim Cook takes the stage TechnologyApple WWDC 2017: Everything to be announced Jun 05: Latest News Will Tubelight cross Baahuabli 2’s collection? Here’s what Salman Khan thinks KVM Ludhiana sexual assault case: School under scanner for concealing offence, says ACP; no arrest yet Three villages in Mulshi get first water pipeline Bahrain, Saudi cut ties with Qatar in a move to protect themselves from ‘terrorism’ ‘Parallel’ Jathedars drop all conditions to keep June 6 Operation Blue Star anniversary clash-free                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Market Research Hub Tweet   Global Client Solid-State Drive (SSD) Market to grow at a CAGR of 36.14% during the period 2017-2021 An SSD is a solid state disk or an electronic disk that is used for data storage and is built out of semiconductors. It uses the same I/O interface design as HDDs and stores data in solid state memory.   Market Research Hub - Market Research Company (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 27, 2017 ) An SSD is a solid-state disk or an electronic disk that is used for data storage and is built out of semiconductors. It uses the same I/O interface design as HDDs and stores data in solid state memory. They are made of silicon microchips and stores data electronically. These devices use dynamic random-access memory (DRAM) or negative-AND (NAND)-based flash memory to store data. The lack of moving parts reduces the risk of mechanical failures of SSDs allowing data transfer at higher speeds. In addition, they are suited for harsh environments, extreme shock, high altitude, and consume less power. Request For Free Sample @ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=1107450 This market research study identifies Samsung, Kingston, Lite-On, and Toshiba as the leading players in the global client solid-state drive (SSD) market. A comprehensive analysis of this market is also presented by the end-user (laptops and PCs), by product (MLC NAND, TLC NAND, and 3D NAND), and by geography (the Americas, APAC, and EMEA). According to Market Research Hubs market research report, the global client solid state drive market will grow rapidly during the next four years and in terms of units, will post an impressive CAGR of more than 36% by 2021. The enhanced performance and durability of SSDs will drive the growth prospects for the client solid-state drive market during the projected period. The market is witnessing a huge shift from HDDs towards SSDs because HDDs are more susceptible to damage, hold up a high-traffic environment, require loads of extra RAM to work normally, and physically scans the disk for reads/writes. SSDs reaches memory addresses much faster, contains no physical tracks or sectors, exhibits better performance with high I/O environments, offers instant access, faster file transfers, quicker boot ups, and an overall faster computing experience, which in turn, will result in the increased sales volume of SSDs. The client SSD market in APAC accounted for the majority market share during 2016 and the region will continue its dominance in the forthcoming years as well. The markets growth in this region is mainly attributed to the presence of major vendors in countries such as South Korea and Japan and the rise in indigenous manufacturing in the region. Countries such as Taiwan, China, and India will be the major contributors to the growth of the client SSD market in APAC. Market Research Hub analysts forecast the global client solid-state drive (SSD) market to grow at a CAGR of 36.14% during the period 2017-2021. Browse Full Report With TOC @ http://www.marketresearchhub.com/report/global-client-solid-state-drive-ssd-market-2017-2021-report.html Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global Client Solid-State Drive (SSD) market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of client SSDs. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Market Research Hub 's report, Global Client Solid-State Drive (SSD) Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors Samsung Kingston Lite-On Toshiba Other prominent vendors ADATA Apacer Cactus Technologies HGST IBM LSI Memblaze Nimbus Data Systems Pure Storage SK Hynix Violin Memory Intel Market driver Enhanced performance and durability For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge Poor latency and endurance For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Falling prices of SSDs For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analysts time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Make an Enquiry: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/enquiry.php?type=enquiry&repid=1107450 About Market Research Hub: Market Research Hub (MRH) is a next-generation reseller of research reports and analysis. MRHs expansive collection of market research reports has been carefully curated to help key personnel and decision makers across industry verticals to clearly visualize their operating environment and take strategic steps. MRH functions as an integrated platform for the following products and services: Objective and sound market forecasts, qualitative and quantitative analysis, incisive insight into defining industry trends, and market share estimates. Our reputation lies in delivering value and world-class capabilities to our clients. Contact Details: 90 State Street, Albany, NY 12207, United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (US-Canada) Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email: press@marketresearchhub.com Website: http://www.marketresearchhub.com/ Read More Related News: https://www.industrynewsanalysis.com/ Contact Information: Market Research Hub Sudip S Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to: Content | | Footer Newegg.com - A great place to buy computers, computer parts, electronics, software, accessories, and DVDs online. With great prices, fast shipping, and top-rated customer service - once you know, you Newegg. If you are reading this message, Please click this link to reload this page.(Do not use your browser's "Refresh" button). Please email us if you're running the latest version of your browser and you still see this message. Newegg.com - Computer Parts, Laptops, Electronics, HDTVs, Digital Cameras and More! If you see this message, your web browser doesn't support JavaScript or JavaScript is disabled. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings so Newegg.com can function correctly. Feedback Canada Mexico United States Australia New Zealand India Singapore Germany Ireland Netherlands Poland United Kingdom Try TRY NEWEGG PREMIER FOR FREE TODAY! Free 30-Day Trial when you sign up for a 12-month membership. Sign up and start enjoying: Expedited Shipping Free 3-Day-or-sooner expedited shipping on qualifying items. Share Benefits Add up to four friends to your account so they can enjoy your great Newegg Premier benefits. Free Returns with No restocking fee Free shipping on returns and waived restocking fee for qualifying items. Dedicated Customer Service Need quick assistance? Use our private customer service line to help answer any questions or concerns. Learn More | Sign Up Now Wish List Customer Service Track An Order Find Invoice Return An Item Check Return Status Find Rebates Customer Self-Help All Products DEALS & SERVICES Newegg Mobile Shop Exclusive Deals on our Mobile App! Email Deals Our latest email deals. Daily Deals New deals everyday! Marketplace Spotlight Every week, the Newegg deals team hand-picks intriguing products for you. Outlet Open box, clearance, refurbished and recertified PCs, electronics and more. Sales Event For Amazing Dads and Awesome Grads Weekend Deals What's New Newegg TV Smart Home VR Central Subscription Store AMD Ryzen Deco 1-Pack Pre-order More at Newegg Premier Membership Newegg Store Credit Card GameCrate Student Store Gift Cards Newegg Gift Card Amex Pay-with-Points Textbook Store Featured Sellers Featured Sellers All Top Sellers 59 2577 467 825 1163 344 64 125 135 84 548 23 Editor Tested Taking Flight with DJI Goggles Indiegogo Tech Discovery Trending Events Celebrate Dads & Grads Latest Desktops from Skytech Connecting Your Devices Discover the Latest Innovations For Sellers Sell on Marketplace Save Big with Shipped by Newegg Are you a startup? Join us. iframe for layout Search allComputer SystemsComponentsElectronicsGamingNetworkingOffice SolutionsSoftware & ServicesAutomotive & IndustrialHome & ToolsHealth & SportsApparel & AccessoriesHobbies & Toys Search all Search iframe for layout Home >  Specials >  Combo Deals >  Combo: 3517136 … Intel Core i5-7400 3.0 GHz, ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060, G.SKILL Ripjaws 8GB DDR4 2400, ASRock B250M Pro4 Micro ATX Motherboard, WD Blue 1TB Hard Disk Drive, Rosewill Glacier 500W Gaming Power, Phanteks Eclipse P400 Satin Black Steel Side Window Quality Mid-Range Full VR Ready Build - Any Game Any Time In stock. Limit 2 per customer. Was: $681.94 Now: $635.94 Save: $46.00 QTY.   Add to Cart ► Print This Page Overview Details Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): 3 years Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): 2 years Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): 2 years Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): 1 year Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): 3 years Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): Lifetime Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): Lifetime Manufacturer Warranty Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (parts): 5 years Manufacturer Limited Warranty period (labor): 5 years Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.intel.com| Support Phone: 1-916-377-7000 Support Website| View other products from Intel Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.wdc.com/en/| Support Phone: 1-800-275-4932 Support Website| View other products from Western Digital Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.asrock.com/| Support Phone: 1-909-590-8308 Support Email: support@asrockamerica.com| Support Website| View other products from ASRock Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.zotac.com/us| Support Phone: 1-909-594-4300 Support Email: support@zotacusa.com| Support Website| View other products from ZOTAC Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.rosewill.com| Support Phone: 1-800-575-9885 Support Email: techsupport@rosewill.com| Support Website| View other products from Rosewill Read news from Rosewill| Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.gskill.com| Support Phone: 1-909-598-6860 Support Email: ustech@gskillusa.com| Support Website| View other products from G.SKILL Manufacturer Contact Info Manufacturer Product Page| Website: http://www.phanteksusa.com| Support Email: support@phanteksusa.com| Support Website| View other products from Phanteks Company Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Replacement Only Return Policy. Return for refund within: Non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Replacement Only Return Policy. Return for refund within: Non-refundable Return for replacement within: 30 days Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days Return Policies This item is covered by Newegg.com's Standard Return Policy. Return for refund within: 30 days Return for replacement within: 30 days Combined Total: $681.94 Combo Discounts: - $46.00 Combo Price: $635.94 1x Intel Core i5-7400 Kaby Lake Quad-Core 3.0 GHz LGA 1151 65W BX80677I57400 Desktop Processor (Model:BX80677I57400) $189.99 1x WD Blue 1TB Desktop Hard Disk Drive - 7200 RPM SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache 3.5 Inch - WD10EZEX (Model:WD10EZEX) $49.99 1x ASRock B250M Pro4 LGA 1151 Intel B250 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel (Model:B250M Pro4) $73.99 1x ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 Mini, ZT-P10610A-10L, 3GB GDDR5 Super Compact (Model:ZT-P10610A-10L) $194.00 1x Rosewill Glacier Series 500W Modular Gaming Power Supply with Silent Aero-Diversion Fan, 80 PLUS Bronze Certified, Single +12V Rail, Intel 4th Gen CPU Ready, SLI & Crossfire Ready - Glacier-500M (Model:Glacier 500M) $44.99 1x G.SKILL Ripjaws V Series 8GB 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 2400 (PC4 19200) Intel Z170 Platform / Intel X99 Platform Desktop Memory Model F4-2400C15S-8GVR (Model:F4-2400C15S-8GVR) $58.99 1x Phanteks Eclipse P400 Series PH-EC416P_BK Satin Black Steel Side Window ATX Mid Tower Case with 10 Color RGB Downlight (Model:PH-EC416P_BK) $69.99 Newegg.com cannot guarantee the compatibility of Combo items. Please contact the manufacturer(s) directly if you have issues or concerns regarding compatibility. Combos may be removed from orders if any item is out of stock, or if you order a quantity beyond the set limit. See the Combo Specials Return Policy  Check the Specs Research specifications, features & compatibility. Intel Core i5-7400 Kaby Lake Quad-Core 3.0 GHz LGA 1151 65W BX80677I57400 Desktop Processor Product Page Model Brand Intel Processors Type Desktop Series Core i5 7th Gen Name Intel Core i5-7400 Model BX80677I57400 CPU Socket Type CPU Socket Type LGA 1151 Details Core Name Kaby Lake # of Cores Quad-Core # of Threads 4 Operating Frequency 3.0 GHz Max Turbo Frequency 3.50 GHz L2 Cache 4 x 256KB L3 Cache 6MB Manufacturing Tech 14nm 64-Bit Support Yes Virtualization Technology Support Yes Integrated Graphics Intel HD Graphics 630 Graphics Base Frequency 350 MHz Graphics Max Dynamic Frequency 1.00 GHz Thermal Design Power 65W Cooling Device Heatsink and fan included WD Blue 1TB Desktop Hard Disk Drive - 7200 RPM SATA 6Gb/s 64MB Cache 3.5 Inch - WD10EZEX Product Page Model Brand WD Series Blue Model WD10EZEX Packaging Bare Drive Performance Interface SATA 6.0Gb/s Capacity 1TB RPM 7200 RPM Cache 64MB Features Features Improve PC Performance Pair a larger capacity drive with an SSD to give your desktop a performance and storage boost. The SSD maximizes speed of data access, while the WD Blue drive stores up to 6TB of movies, games, files, applications and more. Upgrade and Backup with Ease WD hard drives come with free access to WD Acronis True Image. Our downloadable software quickly copies all your existing data to your new drive - without reinstalling your operating system. Backup and restore functions make it easy to save and retrieve your personal data. Plan for the Future With better technology comes bigger storage needs. Cameras that record ultra-high definition video at 4K resolution and 30 frames per second require a ton of storage. Handling all that media is a snap with our 6TB drive. NoTouch Ramp Load Technology Safely positions the recording head off the disk surface to protect your data. Data LifeGuard Advanced algorithms monitor your drive continuously so it stays in optimum health. IntelliSeek Calculates optimum seek speeds to lower power consumption, noise and vibration. Usage For Daily Computing Dimensions Form Factor 3.5" Height (maximum) 26.10mm Width (maximum) 101.60mm Length (maximum) 147.00mm ASRock B250M Pro4 LGA 1151 Intel B250 HDMI SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 Micro ATX Motherboards - Intel Product Page Model Brand ASRock Model B250M Pro4 Supported CPU CPU Socket Type LGA 1151 CPU Type Core i7 / i5 / i3 / Pentium / Celeron (LGA1151) Supported CPU Technologies Turbo Boost Technology 2.0 Chipsets Chipset Intel B250 Onboard Video Onboard Video Chipset Supports Intel HD Graphics Built-in Visuals: Intel Quick Sync Video with AVC, MVC (S3D) and MPEG-2 Full HW Encode1, Intel InTru 3D, Intel Clear Video HD Technology, Intel Insider, Intel HD Graphics Gen9 LP, DX11.3, DX12 HWAEncode/Decode: VP8, HEVC 8b, VP9, HEVC 10b (For 7th Gen Intel CPU) HWA Encode/Decode: VP8, HEVC 8b; GPU/SWEncode/Decode: VP9, HEVC 10b (For 6th Gen Intel CPU) Max. shared memory 1024MB** Three graphics output options: D-Sub, DVI-D and HDMI Supports Triple Monitor Supports HDMI with max. resolution up to 4K x 2K (4096x2160) @ 24Hz / (3840x2160) @ 30Hz Supports DVI-D with max. resolution up to 1920x1200 @ 60Hz Supports D-Sub with max. resolution up to 1920x1200 @ 60Hz Supports Auto Lip Sync, Deep Color (12bpc), xvYCC and HBR (High Bit Rate Audio) with HDMI Port (Compliant HDMI monitor is required) Supports HDCP with DVI-D and HDMI Ports Supports Full HD 1080p Blu-ray (BD) playback with DVI-D and HDMI Ports * Intel HD Graphics Built-in Visuals and the VGA outputs can be supported only with processors which are GPU integrated. ** The size of maximum shared memory may vary from different operating systems. *** Due to chipset limitation, the Blu-ray playback of Intel HD Graphics is only supported under Windows 8 / 8 64-bit / 7 / 7 64-bit. **** Intel InTru 3D is only supported under Windows 8 / 8 64-bit / 7 / 7 64-bit. Memory Number of Memory Slots 4×288pin Memory Standard DDR4 2400*/ 2133 * 7th Gen Intel CPU supports DDR4 up to 2400; 6th Gen Intel CPU supports DDR4 up to 2133. Maximum Memory Supported 64GB Channel Supported Dual Channel Expansion Slots PCI Express 3.0 x16 2 x PCI Express 3.0 x16 Slots (PCIE1: x16 mode; PCIE3: x4 mode)* * Supports NVMe SSD as boot disks PCI Express x1 1 x PCI Express 3.0 x1 Slot (Flexible PCIe) PCI Slots 1 x PCI Slot Storage Devices SATA 6Gb/s 6 x SATA3 6.0Gb/s Connectors, support NCQ, AHCI and Hot Plug* * If M2_1 is occupied by a SATA-type M.2 device, SATA3_0 will be disabled. M.2 1 x Ultra M.2 Socket (M2_1), supports type 2230/2242/2260/2280 M.2 SATA3 6.0Gb/s module and M.2 PCI Express module up to Gen3 x4 (32Gb/s)** 1 x Ultra M.2 Socket (M2_2), supports type 2230/2242/2260/2280 M.2 PCI Express module up to Gen3 x4 (32Gb/s)** ** If PCIE2 slot or PCI slot is occupied, the PCIe-type M.2 device on M2_1 socket will run at Gen3 x2 (16Gb/s). Supports Intel Optane Technology (M2_2 only) Supports NVMe SSD as boot disks** Supports ASRock U.2 Kit Onboard Audio Audio Chipset Realtek ALC892 Audio Channels 7.1 Channels Onboard LAN LAN Chipset Intel I219-V Max LAN Speed 10/100/1000Mbps Rear Panel Ports PS/2 1 x PS/2 Mouse Port 1 x PS/2 Keyboard Port Video Ports 1 x D-Sub Port 1 x DVI-D Port HDMI 1 x HDMI RJ45 1 x RJ-45 LAN Port with LED (ACT/LINK LED and SPEED LED) USB 3.0 3 x USB 3.0 Type-A Ports (Supports ESD Protection (ASRock Full Spike Protection)) 1 x USB 3.0 Type-C Port (Supports ESD Protection (ASRock Full Spike Protection)) USB 1.1/2.0 2 x USB 2.0 Ports (Supports ESD Protection (ASRock Full Spike Protection)) Audio Ports HD Audio Jacks: Line in / Front Speaker / Microphone Internal I/O Connectors Onboard USB 2 x USB 2.0 Headers (Support 4 USB 2.0 ports) (Supports ESD Protection (ASRock Full Spike Protection)) 1 x USB 3.0 Header (Supports 2 USB 3.0 ports) (Supports ESD Protection (ASRock Full Spike Protection)) Other Connectors 1 x Print Port Header 1 x COM Port Header 1 x TPM Header 1 x Chassis Intrusion and Speaker Header 2 x CPU Fan Connectors (1 x 4-pin, 1 x 3-pin)* 2 x Chassis Fan Connectors (4-pin) (Smart Fan Speed Control)** 1 x 24-pin ATX Power Connector 1 x 8-pin 12V Power Connector 1 x Front Panel Audio Connector * The CPU Fan Connector supports the CPU fan of maximum 1A (12W) fan power. ** CHA_FAN1 and CHA_FAN2 can auto detect if 3-pin or 4-pin fan is in use. Physical Spec Form Factor Micro ATX Dimensions (W x L) 9.6" x 9.6" Power Pin 24 Pin Features Features Unique Feature ASRock Super Alloy - Premium 50A Power Choke - Sapphire Black PCB - I/O Armor - High Density Glass Fabric PCB ASRock Intel 4-Layer Memory POOL (Planes on Outer Layers) Technology ASRock Ultra M.2 (PCIe Gen3 x4 & SATA3) ASRock Full Spike Protection ASRock Live Update & APP Shop BIOS - 128MB AMI UEFI Legal BIOS with multilingual GUI support - ACPI 6.0 Compliant wake up events - SMBIOS 2.7 Support - CPU, GT_CPU, DRAM, PCH 1.0V, VCCIO, VCCSA, VCCST Voltage Multi-adjustment Software - ASRock APP Charger - ASRock XFast LAN* UEFI - ASRock EZ Mode - ASRock Full HD UEFI - ASRock My Favorites in UEFI - ASRock Instant Flash - ASRock Internet Flash - ASRock Crashless BIOS - ASRock UEFI Tech Service * These utilities can be downloaded from ASRock Live Update & APP Shop. Support CD - Drivers, Utilities, AntiVirus Software (Trial Version), Google Chrome Browser and Toolbar Hardware Monitor - CPU/Chassis temperature sensing - CPU/Chassis Fan Tachometer - CPU/Chassis Quiet Fan (Auto adjust chassis fan speed by CPU temperature) - CPU/Chassis Fan multi-speed control - CASE OPEN detection - Voltage monitoring: +12V, +5V, +3.3V, CPU Vcore, DRAM, PCH 1.0V OS - Microsoft Windows 10 64-bit (For 7th Gen Intel CPU) - Microsoft Windows 10 64-bit / 8.1 64-bit / 7 32-bit / 7 64-bit (For 6th Gen Intel CPU)* * To install Windows 7 OS, a modified installation disk with xHCI drivers packed into the ISO file is required. Please check our User Manual for more detailed instructions. For the updated Windows 10 driver, please visit ASRock's website for details. Certifications - FCC, CE, WHQL - ErP/EuP ready (ErP/EuP ready power supply is required) Packaging Package Contents Accessories - Quick Installation Guide, Support CD, I/O Shield - 2 x SATA Data Cables - 2 x Screws for M.2 Sockets ZOTAC GeForce GTX 1060 Mini, ZT-P10610A-10L, 3GB GDDR5 Super Compact Product Page Model Brand ZOTAC Model ZT-P10610A-10L Interface Interface PCI Express 3.0 Chipset Chipset Manufacturer NVIDIA GPU Series NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10 Series GPU GeForce GTX 1060 Core Clock 1506 MHz Boost Clock 1708 MHz CUDA Cores 1152 Memory Effective Memory Clock 8008 MHz Memory Size 3GB Memory Interface 192-Bit Memory Type GDDR5 3D API DirectX DirectX 12 OpenGL OpenGL 4.5 Ports HDMI 1 x HDMI 2.0b Multi-Monitor Support 4 DisplayPort 3 x DisplayPort 1.4 DVI 1 x DL-DVI Details SLI Support No Virtual Reality Ready Yes Cooler Single Fan Operating Systems Supported Windows 10 / 8 / 7 System Requirements Recommended Power Supply: 400W Power Consumption: 120W Power Connector 6-Pin Dual-Link DVI Supported 6.85" x 4.38" HDCP Ready Yes Features Features The GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card is loaded with innovative new gaming technologies and the groundbreaking NVIVIDIA Pascal-architecture, making it the perfect choice for high-definition gaming in one of the smallest sizes. - Get up to 3X the performance and power efficiency of previous-generation GPUs. - Experience fast, smooth, power-efficient gaming experiences with ultra-fast FinFET technology, plus support for DirectX-12 features. - Tap into advanced graphics technologies like NVIDIA GameWorks-that provide a more interactive. and cinematic experience, as well as incredibly smooth gameplay. - Discover next-generation NVIDIA VRWorks-technologies for low latency, plug-and-play compatibility, and amazing performance that lets you hear and feel every moment. PERFORMANCE - All-new NVIDIA Pascal-architecture - Up to 3X faster than previous-generation graphics cards in VR gaming applications - Created with the new FinFET manufacturing process GAMING TECHNOLOGIES - Faster, smoother gameplay - Synchronized frame delivery - Revolutionary new image-capture technology VIRTUAL REALITY (VR) - More immersive experiences - Reduced latency - Innovative new technologies, including audio, physics, and haptics Form Factor & Dimensions Max GPU Length 174 mm Card Dimensions (L x H) 6.85" x 4.38" Slot Width Dual Slot Rosewill Glacier Series 500W Modular Gaming Power Supply with Silent Aero-Diversion Fan, 80 PLUS Bronze Certified, Single +12V Rail, Intel 4th Gen CPU Ready, SLI & Crossfire Ready - Glacier-500M Product Page Model Brand Rosewill Model Glacier 500M Details Type ATX 12V v2.3 / EPS 12V v2.92 Maximum Power 500W Fans 1 x Silent 135mm Fan PFC Active Main Connector 20+4Pin +12V Rails Single PCI-Express Connector 2 x 6+2-Pin SATA Power Connector 5 SLI SLI Ready CrossFire CrossFire Ready Efficiency > 85% Energy-Efficient 80 PLUS BRONZE Certified Over Voltage Protection Yes Input Voltage 110 - 240 V Input Frequency Range 50/60 Hz Input Current 8 - 4A Output +3.3V@20A,+5V@20A,+12V@37A,-12V@0.3A,+5VSB@2.5A MTBF >100,000 Hours Approvals CE, FCC, ROHS Dimensions 3.19" x 5.91" x 6.22" Weight 5.11 lbs. Features Connectors Fixed Cable: 1 x 20+4-Pin Main Connector 1 x 4+4-Pin ATX12V/EPS12V Connector Modular Cable: 2 x 6+2-Pin PCI-E Connector 5 x 5-Pin SATA Connector 4 x 4-Pin Peripheral Connector 1 x 4-Pin Floppy Connector Features 80 PLUS BRONZE Certified, Continuous 500W@40 Celsius Degree Active-PFC with auto AC-input voltage adjustment (110 - 240V) Single strong 12V rail - ideal for gaming system SLI & CrossFire ready - 2 x 6+2-pin connector Silent 135mm fan with auto fan speed control Aero-diversion design on the fan further reduces the temperature inside of PSU Over Current / Voltage / Power Protection, Under Voltage Protection, and Short Circuit Protection provide maximum safety to your critical system components Safety & EMI Approval: CE, FCC, ROHS G.SKILL Ripjaws V Series 8GB 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM DDR4 2400 (PC4 19200) Intel Z170 Platform / Intel X99 Platform Desktop Memory Model F4-2400C15S-8GVR Product Page Model Brand G.SKILL Series Ripjaws V Series Model F4-2400C15S-8GVR Details Capacity 8GB Type 288-Pin DDR4 SDRAM Speed DDR4 2400 (PC4 19200) Cas Latency 15 Timing 15-15-15-35 Voltage 1.2V ECC No Buffered/Registered Unbuffered Chipset Intel Z170 Platform / Intel X99 Platform Color Red Heat Spreader Yes Features Extreme performance DDR4 memory designed for gaming and PC enthusiasts Optimized compatibility with DDR4-compatible Intel Core platforms Sleek and stylish aluminum heat spreader design 1.2V ultra low voltage Intel XMP 2.0 support Recommend Use High Performance or Gaming Memory Phanteks Eclipse P400 Series PH-EC416P_BK Satin Black Steel Side Window ATX Mid Tower Case with 10 Color RGB Downlight Product Page Model Brand Phanteks Series Eclipse Series Model PH-EC416P_BK Details Type ATX Mid Tower Color Satin Black Case Material Steel / ABS With Power Supply No Motherboard Compatibility Micro ATX / ATX / Mini ITX / E-ATX Side Panel Window Yes Expansion Internal 3.5" Drive Bays 6 (2 included) Internal 2.5" Drive Bays 2 (2 included) Expansion Slots 7 Front Panel Ports Front Ports 2 x USB 3.0 / Mic / Headphone / LED Color Control Cooling System 120mm Fans Front: 3 x 120mm / 2 x 140mm (1 x 120mm fan included) Top: 2 x 120mm / 140mm Rear: 1 x 120mm (1 x 120mm fan included) Dimensions & Weight Max GPU Length Allowance 395mm / 280mm (Optional HDD brackets installed) Max CPU Cooler Height Allowance 160 mm Dimensions (H x W x D) 18.30" x 8.30" x 18.50" Weight 15.40 lbs. Additional Info Features Enthoo Eclipse ATX includes 1 x 120mm fans in front and 1 x 120mm fan in the rear. Ability to upgrade to additional fans is possible. Appearance: Steel Exterior and Chassis Clean interior - Hidden PSU and HDD's 10 color RGB downlight + RGB power light with on/off switch optional upgrade: Internal RGB lighting (Same as Luxe case) Cooling: Optimal airflow - Direct airflow to CPU / GPU 1 x Phanteks 120mm Fan in front 1 x Phanteks 120mm Fan in rear Supports water-cooling radiators (up to 360mm) Functionality: 2 x Drop-N-Lock SSD brackets included 4 x Modular HDD Brackets (Optional) Removable HDD cage for installation of long PSU's (> 180mm) / water-pump Strategically placed dust filters (fully filtered) Clean cable management using Phanteks' preinstalled Hoop-N-Loop cable ties close window Select a Plan & Save Repairs & Replacements are costly. Being covered pays off. You're Covered 100% Parts & Labor 24/7 Customer Support Hassle-Free Claims Process Provided by Service Net A+ rated by Better Business Bureau Service Express Repairs or Replacements in 5 days or less or your money back No Shipping Fees with Service Express Learn More How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Why can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Mail-in Rebates are limited to one per household for each item according to manufacturer restrictions. For example, 2 identical hard drives sold in a combo will only have one valid mail-in rebate. * Additional fees may apply for shipments to APO/FPO, AK, HI and PR. Purchases from these Sellers are generally covered under our Newegg Marketplace Guarantee. Don't trust this seller? No problem! We got the stuff in our warehouse and ship it out to you just as if you ordered it directly from Newegg. Home >  Specials >  Combo Deals >  Combo: 3517136 How do I find out the price? Add it to your shopping cart Go to checkout, the price will be listed in the Order Summary You can remove the product from your order by clicking the "Edit Shopping Cart" button To keep it, click the "Submit Order" buttonWhy can’t we show you details of this product? Some manufacturers place restrictions on how details of their products may be communicated. Shop by Region: United States Canada China Taiwan customer service Customer Self-Help Track an Order Return an Item Return Policy Privacy & Security Feedback My Account Login/Register My Dashboard Order History Returns History Address Book Wish Lists Email Notifications Subscriptions Orders Auto Notifications Company Information About Newegg Awards/Rankings Hours and Locations Careers Newsroom Newegg Blog Calif. Transparency in Supply Chains Act Tools & Resources Sell on Newegg Marketplace Shipped by Newegg Become an Affiliate Become a Newegg Vendor Site Map Shop by Brand Product Review Video Center Rebates Trade-In Your Items Mobile Apps Affiliated Sites: NeweggBusiness For Business Needs Newegg Community Newegg Community Newegg GameCrate Gaming and Hardware News Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Pinterest YouTube Rss Policy & Agreement | Privacy Policy  © 2000-2017 Newegg Inc.  All rights reserved. Close close window If the Adobe Reader does not appear when you click on a link for a PDF file, you can download Adobe Reader from the Adobe web site.
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   MemxPro Press Release Receive press releases from MemxPro: By Email RSS Feeds: MemxPro Showcases Latest DRAM and Flash Storage Solutions for Enterprise and Industrial Markets Spotlight at Computex Taipei 2017: NVMe SSD, 8TB SSD and 3D NAND SSD Taipei, Taiwan, May 27, 2017 --(PR.com)-- MemxPro, a leading DRAM module and SSD solution provider for defense, industrial, in-vehicle, and enterprise markets, will showcase their latest U.2 M.2 PCIe Gen 3 x4 enterprise SSD, (up to) 8TB high-density super slim SSD, SATA 3 SSD with 3D NAND, low-power high-end DDR4-3200 module, and industrial rugged DRAM module for IoT at Computex 2017 under the banner, “The Pioneer of Future Memory and IoT Solutions.” In the era of IoT and Big Data, smart devices are developing very fast and their storage requirements will become a fundamental part of their innovation and application requirements. To meet this need, MemxPro’s core technology advantage and renowned craftsmanship will focus on a wide range of DRAM memory and flash storage solutions committed to quality and reliability. Server and data center storage applications open up the possibility of higher capacity. Data security, high performance, reliability, over current/voltage protection, and power loss protection have become increasingly important attributes in high-end server SSDs. For this market, MemxPro launched NVMe SSDs – U.2 PCIe and M.2 PCIe 2280, supporting PCIe Gen 3 x4 interface, paired with 3D NAND, and high-density 7-mm height eMMC SSD – 2.5” SSD GT with MemxPro MP808 controller and eMMC flash up to 8TB, plus RDIMM and ECC DIMMs in various capacities. In IoT applications, all edge devices at entry points at the front end sense and store data through gateways into local enterprise or cloud server providers. MemxPro provides application-specific storage devices targeted at four segments – smart factory (Industry 4.0), smart city (smart retail, gaming, healthcare, and surveillance, etc.), government/defense/aerospace, and in-vehicle and transportation. MemxPro’s industrial DRAM DIMMs and SSDs support industrial wide temperature operation, IP based waterproof and dustproof standards, military-grade robustness, extended lifespans, data security, and power loss protection to face all the challenges of tough operating environments. MemxPro debuts its 3D NAND offering with the 2.5” SSD A3A series, which enhances endurance and reliability with technology innovation. MemxPro DRAM modules include SDRAM, DDR and DDR2 legacy products for industrial usage. For DDR 3 and DDR 4, protective coating, anti-shock & vibration fixture design, and industrial grade wide temperature RAM modules are available and tailored to customers’ specific application needs. In addition, MemxPro ARM/RISC DRAM modules use 32/64/72-bit SODIMMs for non-x86 architectures whose main application will be small footprint ARM and RISC based industrial tablets and portable devices. To effectively monitor MemxPro storage devices, MemxPro launches its updated SMARTPro 3.0 software tool for Windows. In addition to supporting MemxPro SATA 3 SSD series, SMARTPro 3.0 provides disk status in MemxPro’s DRAM DIMMs and NVMe PCIe Gen3 x4 SSDs. SMARTPro 3.0 also reveals a whole new user-friendly interface to display more disk information and graphs. Users can easily change company logo, background and buttons for a customized version. SMARTPro 3.0 also supports Intel RAID (IRST) to accurately recognize and detect RAID cards of every disk. For advanced users, this new version provides information regarding readable spare blocks, average erase counts, history records for that month (disk temperature, health status, spare blocks, average erase counts, power on hours, relocated sector counts, total host reads, and total host writes). Integrated with an enterprise database, the system will record SSD status and store data logs to benefit big data analysis and other applications. About MemxPro MemxPro provides reliable industrial memory and flash storage solutions with integrated design services to cater for the customized needs of industrial OEM customers. Products are used in a variety of applications including automation and manufacturing, environmental control, military and aerospace, network and communications, automotive and transportation, medical & healthcare, gaming, retail and more. At present, MemxPro’s main product lines focus on DRAM and flash memory storage devices through PCI Express, SATA and USB high-speed storage interfaces, and support various capacities in different form factors. MemxPro strives to deliver high-quality products and unsurpassed service, becoming one of the leading brands for industrial memory solutions around the world. For more information, please visit www.memxpro.com or email us at info@memxpro.com. Contact Information MemxPro Inc. Tiffany Chou 886-2-89788997 Contact www.memxpro.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from MemxPro Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Now Playing: contribute TV Radio News Arts & Life EARTHFIX Music Kids & Family Support You Make the Difference contribute now Schedules Find a Program Where to Listen Report Reception Problems Radio Staff TV Radio Schedules Find a Program Where to Listen Report Reception Problems Radio Staff News Arts & Life EARTHFIX Music Kids & Family Support About Privacy Policy Radio State of Wonder Episodes About Staff Education | Arts | NW Life | local | Books | Entertainment | Music | State of Wonder Wonder Woman | Edward Albee and the Casting Dilemma | Tank and the Bangas | Teaching With Holograms by Aaron Scott Follow and April Baer Follow Trevyn Savage OPB | May 27, 2017 noon | Updated: May 27, 2017 11:20 a.m. Grab your passport and sunglasses because we are going on an intercontinental adventure. We will journey to the Amazon to discover the secret history of Wonder Woman, hop over to New Orleans to hear the funk-soul of Tank and the Bangas and fly home to Portland to hear about the clown who inspired “The Simpsons” character Krusty the Clown. Gal Gadot as Wonder Woman Courtesy of Warner Brothers/DC Entertainment A Lasso, A Lady and A Legacy: Wonder Woman In Comics And Film - 1:18 Great Hera’s Girdle! Wonder Woman fans of all ages and stripes are eagerly awaiting the roll-out of the Amazing Amazon’s new feature film. It’s almost more than we can bear, from the Lynda Carter flashbacks to conceptually suspect campaigns to introduce Wondy as a UN spokeswoman and purveyor of protein bars. We’ve gone peak nerd and can’t resist drawing your attention to several related stories, including comic book store events in Redmond, Salem, Hillsboro, St. Johns, and Eugene. If you can’t get to a retailer, there are still plenty of Wonder Woman comics to check out. Did you know one of the most celebrated writers in the character’s history lives in Portland? We chat up comic book writer Greg Rucka about his history with the character. We also touch base with a BDSM practitioner to ask: Exactly what is up with the bracelets and rope stuff, anyway? Then there’s the matter of going to the movie. The Portland chapter of Women in Film is pleased to invite you along for a Friday night screening, to show support for the first $100+ million budget blockbuster action film in the hands of a female director. While the trailers are flying fast and furious on the big screen, several observers, including the Women in Film ladies, have noticed that the early marketing effort belies something less than full support. (Here’s a bit chunkier read from Adweek.) It seems entirely possible that a world without a Wonder Woman breakfast cereal tie-in might not be so bad for the film’s prestige. You decide. And we’ll see you in the popcorn line next weekend.  Could Holograms Bring The Universe To A Classroom Near You? - 24:55 A virtual trip to the pyramids? An interactive hologram of the solar system? Virtual reality has the potential to transform the classroom and how we learn everything from history to astronomy to engineering. A unique local partnership between Oregon Story Board, Intel and Clackamas Community College received a prestigious grant from Microsoft to create and test an educational curriculum for the company’s mixed reality Hololens, which allows users to see and interact with holograms laid over the real world. They found that the potential to help students understand complex systems like the automatic transmission was stunning. If you want to learn even more about virtual reality, Oregon Story Board is offering a variety of VR and Mixed Reality design classes starting June 5. And for more on how Oregon’s incredible VR ecosystem, check out our story about a VR artists residency and our story about how architects are using VR to dream up new buildings. Tank and the Bangas perform at OPB 5-10-17 David Stuckey/OPB opbmusic Session With Tank And The Bangas - 30:53 Thousands of bands entered NPR’s Tiny Desk Contest this year, but the judges said the answer was clear: The New Orleans band Tank and the Bangas. Filmed in a classroom, the video for their song “Quick” schooled us with infectious joy and introduced viewers all around the world to the band’s funk-soul-spoken-word style and the rapid-fire storytelling of Tarriona “Tank” Ball. You can hear the full interview and watch the performance here. Also, don’t miss their high-energy live show at Pickathon in August.  Playwright’s Estate Says “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf” Can’t Be Performed With A Black Actor - 39:17 This month, a Portland Production of “Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf?” by Edward Albee made headlines — without an actor setting foot on-stage. A Portland producer had planned to stage the play this fall, casting an African-American actor, Damien Geter, in one of the four lead roles. However, as Albee was notoriously strict about casting, his estate delivered an ultimatum: cast a white actor in the role or lose the rights to the production. The producer Michael Streeter cancelled the play. Streeter talked about his decision with OPB’s Dave Miller and with Brian Herrera, an Assistant Professor of Theater at Princeton University who’s working on a book about casting. The Portland Clown Who Inspired The Simpsons - 48:25 And now … a blast from Portland’s past. OPB digital producer John Rosman recently produced a birthday video tribute to an icon: the entertainer who helped to inspire Krusty the Clown from “The Simpsons.” Rusty Nails was a much-loved staple in the Portland entertainment community back in his day, and, despite his dangerous name, nothing like the depressed, alcoholic Krusty. More State of Wonder RIP Brian Doyle | Portland MAX Attack Survivor Speaks Out | Healing With Portland Band Loch Lomond Not Your Scream Queen: Portland Horror Film Festival Bolsters Female Voices Lindy West | Paul Simon Bio By Peter Ames Carlin | Rivka Galchen Oregonian Author Chris Sebela On Comics, Corruptions And Coffeehouses More OPB Trump Criticizes London Mayor After Latest Attack On City Dueling Portland Rallies Turn Chaotic In Wake Of TriMet Stabbings Washington Prison Town Rebuilt Its Image Around Wine Follow State of Wonder Thanks to our Sponsors: become a sponsor Related Content Tank And The Bangas Live At OPB opbmusic | May 17, 2017 Comics Writer Greg Rucka On Wonder Woman, Stumptown And More OPB | May 26, 2017 Oregon Project Uses Holograms To Transform The Classroom OPB | May 26, 2017 The Not-So-Secret BDSM History Of Wonder Woman OPB | May 26, 2017 Thanks to our Sponsors become a sponsor About FAQs Employment Volunteering Internships Producing for OPB Accessibility Hire OPB Pressroom OPB Public Files Contact Email OPB Newsroom Connect Facebook Twitter Reception Issues Mobile Podcasts Mobile Apps Newsletters RSS Feeds Support Contribute Sponsorship Leadership Giving Planned Giving Vehicle Donations Volunteering Shop Shop Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Editorial Policy Contest Rules FCC Public Files KOPB-TV KOAB-TV KOAC-TV KEPB-TV KTVR © 2017, Oregon Public Broadcasting
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ZEISS and ASML Strengthen Partnership for Next Generation of EUV Lithography Due in Early 2020s ASML buys 24.9% of ZEISS subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT for EUR 1 billion in cash Start of development of entirely new High NA optical system for the future generation of EUV ASML supports Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capex for approximately EUR 760 million over the next 6 years VELDHOVEN, the Netherlands/OBERKOCHEN, Germany – 3 November 2016 – Netherlands-based ASML Holding NV, one of the world’s leading chip industry equipment providers, and Germany-based Carl Zeiss SMT, a business group of Carl Zeiss AG (ZEISS), have agreed to strengthen their long-standing and successful partnership in the semiconductor lithography business. The main objective of this agreement is to facilitate the development of the future generation of Extreme Ultraviolet (EUV) lithography systems due in the first few years of the next decade. This technology will enable the semiconductor industry to produce much higher performance microchips at lower costs. ZEISS and ASML jointly announce today, that they have agreed on a 24.9% minority stake of ASML in ZEISS’s subsidiary Carl Zeiss SMT, for which ASML will pay ZEISS EUR 1 billion in cash. The companies stated that no further exchange of shares is planned or agreed. ASML is a key supplier of semiconductor patterning products and services used by the world`s top producers of microchips. With its high-performance optics Carl Zeiss SMT supplies an essential subsystem of ASML´s semiconductor lithography scanners and is ASML`s most important strategic partner. ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT have been in close partnership for more than 30 years. Both firms have grown strongly over the last decades benefiting from each other`s strengths. A new cycle of investments required for the development of an entirely new optical system for the future generation of EUV, expected to be provided to the chip making industry in the first few years of the next decade, has triggered the partners to take a further step in the collaboration. “In 2018 the first chips made on current technology EUV scanners are expected to roll off the production lines of our customers. A lot of work is still being done to ensure the introduction of EUV in volume manufacturing, in tight conjunction with our highly successful immersion scanners which we continue to improve. Yet ASML and ZEISS are looking beyond this important milestone. We see a long and successful future for EUV lithography in advanced chip manufacturing and with this agreement we set the right conditions for development of the next generation of EUV by ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, so that our customers can reap the rewards of their EUV investments up to the end of the next decade,” said Peter Wennink, President and Chief Executive Officer of ASML. “With this agreement we clear the road for advanced lithography to support the new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced chips. After the many years of fruitful partnership, we see this agreement as a further strong endorsement of our long term cooperation which allows us to further expand our joint leadership that we have already accomplished together”, says Michael Kaschke, President and CEO of ZEISS. The next generation of EUV optics will offer a higher numerical aperture (NA), making it possible to further reduce critical dimensions in the lithography process. The current EUV systems have an optical system with NA of 0.33 whereas the new optics will have NA larger than 0.5, enabling several generations of geometric chip scaling. In addition to the agreement of the minority interest, the two companies have also agreed that ASML will support Carl Zeiss SMT`s research and development (R&D) for approximately EUR 220 million as well as capital expenditures and other supply chain investments for approximately EUR 540 million over the next 6 years. These investments will predominantly be allocated at Carl Zeiss SMT’s main location in Oberkochen, Germany, and will primarily be used for capacity and resource expansions, with positive effects on long-term employment at this location. Carl Zeiss SMT will remain fully integrated into the structure of the ZEISS Group as one of the major and important business groups. “High-NA is the logical next step for EUV, as it circumvents complex and expensive 0.33 NA EUV multiple patterning. High-NA EUV is a robust way for chips to scale all the way down to the sub-3 nanometer logic node in a single exposure with high productivity and reduced cost per feature. That is several generations from where we are today and underlines our commitment to propel Moore’s law,” said Martin van den Brink, President and Chief Technology Officer at ASML. Carl Zeiss SMT will pay an annual dividend to its shareholders Carl Zeiss AG and ASML. ASML expects that the minority share transaction will be accretive to its earnings before adjustments related to purchase price accounting and differences in accounting standards. Furthermore, ASML`s contribution to Carl Zeiss SMT`s R&D and capital expenditures will be taken into account in the future pricing of SMT`s next generation EUV optics to ASML. The transaction has been approved by both companies’ supervisory boards. ASML will fund the transaction from available cash, potentially supplemented by new debt. The transaction is subject to regulatory clearance and is expected to be closed in the second quarter of 2017. Update ASML Share Buyback Program In light of the investments by ASML announced today, ASML will prolong the pause of its share buy back program for the time being. As a result, the 2016-2017 program may not be completed for the full amount. Otherwise, the current program will remain in place, yet it may be further suspended, modified or discontinued at any time. As part of ASML’s financial policy to return excess cash to shareholders through dividends and regularly timed share buyback programs, ASML in January 2016 announced its intention to purchase up to EUR 1.5 billion of shares to be executed within the 2016-2017 time frame. About Moore`s law The phenomenal growth of the semiconductor industry has been driven by Moore’s Law, named after Intel co-founder Gordon Moore. In 1965, Moore observed that the number of components on a chip that could be manufactured at optimum cost had doubled every year. He predicted that this trend would continue. It was an empirical observation, not a law of nature. In the five decades that followed, the “law” has been rewritten several times, but the principle continues: chip makers cram more transistors on ICs with every new generation, making computing power and storage capacity cheaper year after year. Today’s consumers carry more computing power in their pockets than a multi-million-dollar supercomputer could deliver in the 1970s. Moore’s Law has inspired generations of engineers to push technology forward. About ASML ASML is one of the world’s leading manufacturers of chip-making equipment. Our vision is to enable affordable microelectronics that improve the quality of life. To achieve this, our mission is to invent, develop, manufacture and service advanced technology for high-tech lithography, metrology and software solutions for the semiconductor industry. ASML’s guiding principle is continuing Moore’s Law towards ever smaller, cheaper, more powerful and energy-efficient semiconductors. This results in increasingly powerful and capable electronics that enable the world to progress within a multitude of fields, including healthcare, technology, communications, energy, mobility, and entertainment. We are a multinational company with over 70 locations in 16 countries, headquartered in Veldhoven, the Netherlands. We employ more than 15,500 people on payroll and flexible contracts (expressed in full time equivalents). ASML is traded on Euronext Amsterdam and NASDAQ under the symbol ASML. More information about ASML, our products and technology, and career opportunities is available on www.ASML.com. About ZEISS and Carl Zeiss SMT ZEISS is an internationally leading technology enterprise operating in the optics and optoelectronics industries. The ZEISS Group develops and distributes semiconductor manufacturing equipment, measuring technology, microscopes, medical technology, eyeglass lenses, camera and cine lenses, binoculars and planetarium technology. With its solutions, the company constantly advances the world of optics and helps shape technological progress. ZEISS is divided up into the four segments Semiconductor Manufacturing Technology, Research & Quality Technology, Medical Technology, and Vision Care/Consumer Optics. ZEISS is represented in over 40 countries and operates more than 30 production sites, over 50 sales and service locations and about 25 research and development facilities. In fiscal year 2015/16 the company generated revenue of over EUR 4.8 billion with around 25,000 employees. Founded in 1846 in Jena, the company is headquartered in Oberkochen, Germany. Carl Zeiss AG is the strategic management holding company that manages the ZEISS Group. The company is wholly owned by the Carl Zeiss Stiftung (Carl Zeiss Foundation). Further information at www.zeiss.com Regulated Information This press release contains inside information within the meaning of Article 7(1) of the EU Market Abuse Regulation. Forward Looking Statements This document contains statements relating to certain projections and business trends that are forward-looking, including statements with respect to our outlook, including statements about the partnership between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT, the transactions between ASML and ZEISS discussed herein, including the expected capex and R&Dother investments by ASML, and expected benefits of these transactions, statements with respect to the planned investments by ASML in Carl Zeiss SMT including allocation and use of these investments and expected benefits,, statements about EUV including expected development of EUV and the expected timing of the next generation of EUV systems, new investments required in optical systems to continue EUV development, expected timing for the first chips to be produced by ASML’s customers using EUV, and expected volume manufacturing using EUV and expected timing thereof and expected long and successful future of EUV lithography and expected future investments in EUV, , that customers can reap the rewards of these EUV investments up to the end of the next decade and that the agreement discussed in this release will clear the road for advanced lithography to support new concepts and designs for future generations of advanced ships, the expected NA and other features of next generation EUV products, statements with respect to Moore’s law and the expectation that this transaction will help fuel the development of Moore’s law, statements with respect to Carl Zeiss SMT, including expected dividends and that the transaction will be accretive to earnings, statements with respect to the relationship between ASML and Carl Zeiss SMT and expected benefits thereof , expected closing of the transaction [and expected funding of the transaction by ASML], and other non-historic statements. You can generally identify these statements by the use of words like “may”, “will”, “could”, “should”, “project”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “expect”, “plan”, “estimate”, “forecast”, “potential”, “intend”, “continue” and variations of these words or comparable words. These statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions and projections about the business and our future financial results and readers should not place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements do not guarantee future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include, without limitation, economic conditions, product demand and semiconductor equipment industry capacity, worldwide demand and manufacturing capacity utilization for semiconductors (the principal product of our customer base), including the impact of general economic conditions on consumer confidence and demand for our customers’ products, competitive products and pricing, the impact of any manufacturing efficiencies and capacity constraints, performance of our systems, the continuing success of technology advances and the related pace of new product development and customer acceptance of EUV, delays in EUV systems production and development, our ability to enforce patents and protect intellectual property rights, the risk of intellectual property litigation, availability of raw materials and critical manufacturing equipment, trade environment, changes in exchange rates, the completion of the acquisition by ASML of the 24.9% stake in Carl Zeiss SMT and the performance of Carl Zeiss SMT including dividends paid in the future by Carl Zeiss SMT, the amount of investments and capex required by Carl Zeiss SMT under the arrangements described herein and the performance of the products produced by Carl Zeiss SMT and other risks indicated in the risk factors included in ASML’s Annual Report on Form 20-F and other filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this document. We do not undertake to update or revise the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASML Completes Acquisition of HMI Next PostNext Glaucoma Treatment Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 7.5% by 2023 Search Recent Posts High Voltage Circuit Breaker Market 2017 Worldwide Detailed Analysis by Covering All Major Industrial Aspects 2022 Speech by CE at World Sustainable Built Environment Conference 2017 Hong Kong (English only) Software Defined Networking Will Underpin Enterprise Connectivity in Australia as Organisations Seek to Optimise Cost and Bandwidth Herbalife Nutrition Announces That in the Month of May 90% of Sales in the United States Were Documented Purchases by Consumers, Far in Excess of the 80% Threshold Called for in its Agreement With the U.S. Federal Trade Commission Solar Industry Urges Nevada Governor to Sign Bill Supporting Solar Jobs and Homeowners in State Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Apple said to be working on a dedicated AI chip The company has tested iPhone prototypes powered with the chip. By Sarmistha Acharya May 28, 2017 13:03 BST Apple working on a dedicated AI processorGetty Images/Don Emmert Apple is working on a processor dedicated to AI-related tasks, suggests a new report. Dubbed Apple Neural Engine, the chip would improve the way the devices handle tasks such as facial recognition and speech recognition. A source familiar with Apple's plan told Bloomberg that the AI-enabled processor would help Apple bundle more advanced features into devices like self-driving cars and augmented reality devices. While Apple devices currently handle artificial intelligence processes through the main processor and graphics chip, the new chip would allow Apple offload those tasks onto a dedicated chip designed for artificial intelligence processing, improving the battery performance of the device. Apple's AI chip is designed to make significant improvements to Apple products. The company even plans to use the chip on the iPhone and iPad, the source told Bloomberg. Apple has even tested iPhone prototypes with the chip. Apple has considered offloading facial recognition in the photos app, parts of speech recognition and the iPhone's predictive keyboard to the chip, the source added. The company is planning to offer developer access to the chip so that third-party apps can also lessen the tasks related to artificial intelligence. Apple may discuss some developments in AI at its annual developer's conference in June, the same event where the company is expected to introduce iOS 11 and updated Mac laptops with faster chips from Intel. "Two of the areas that Apple is betting its future on require AI. At the core of augmented reality and self-driving cars is artificial intelligence" said Gene Munster, former Apple analyst. More from IBTimes UK Somehow, the iPhone 9 rumours have already begun Nokia settles patent dispute with Apple, signs new business collaboration agreement iPhone user says virtual assistant Siri saved his life during a house explosion Related topics : Apple Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Video game news round-up: Overwatch moon map, Nintendo Switch Online & Pokemon Go's summer plans Columnists Iqbal Wahhab “As a Muslim restaurant owner in Borough Market, this attack sickens me READ MORE How the world's biggest tech firms reacted to Trump's climate deal exit Zuckerberg, Dorsey, Musk and Cook join the high-profile names to slam... Google London HQ vs Apple Park: Battle of the world's best offices How Google's new London headquarters compares to Apple Park, opening... Stratolaunch: Amazing facts about the world's biggest plane With Paul Allen's super plane close to take-off here are five things... 'This is how you offer support?' Twitter slams Trump for pushing travel ban during London attack Trump's first tweet came even before the nature of the London Bridge... Bahrain foreign minister's Twitter account hacked following Qatar news hack controversy The hackers posted a slew of disturbing images and threats against... Toyota is working on a flying car Toyota has invested 42.5 million yen in startup Cartivator Resource... Google Chrome to block all adverts on websites that annoy users with intrusive pop-ups Google's ad blocker will allow ads as long as websites follow... Here's how you can improve performance of Windows 10 PC Check out the top tips to speed up your Windows 10 device. Five hopes for Sony and PS4 at E3 2017: Sucker Punch, keeping Kojima away, PSVR and more What we want to see from Sony at its E3 2017 press conference. 'Your hypocrisy is mind-numbing': Twitter roasts Ivanka Trump over LGBTQ Pride tweets 'Your words mean nothing to us,' one Twitter user wrote. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
