null
Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/11/top-5-best-alternatives-macbook-pro-laptop-hint-run-microsoft-windows.html. Captcha Submit CLOSE Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Culture Tech/SV Wanderlust Interviews Video Features Tech & Silicon Valley Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) By Clinton Stark - 11.01.2016 If you’re in the market to upgrade your laptop these are the most interesting of times. Apple is doubling down on its premium approach. New MacBook Pros start at $1,499 (USD) and go up rapidly from there, with the entry 15-inch Pro model starting at a not insignificant $2,499. Gulp. Meanwhile, Windows-based laptops are going for a song. Many are priced less than $1,000 and, yet, don’t compromise much on power, graphics or overall usability. A lot of that had to do with Windows 10. Microsoft’s latest OS finally has the stability we always wanted, and, even better, is equally at home on a touch-based tablet, or a power-monger desktop, or, as we’re looking at today, a lean and nimble laptop. After reviewing Apple’s latest offering of MacBook Pro laptops, I did something I would never have thought possible just a few years ago: I started to consider a Windows-based machine to replace my 2012 MacBook Air. Blasphemy! I know, but I’m guessing many of you are in the same boat. Why pay thousands for an Apple logo, when you could spend far less for a laptop that is on par in basically every other way, and even better in some (touch)? So I’ve been exhaustively researching the market, testing various Windows laptops. Drawing up short-lists. Here’s 5 laptops that I consider to be worthy MacBook Pro alternatives. Some are value-based choices. While others are focused more on performance. Whether you prefer Windows or MacOS is up to you of course. Each has their merits, and both are mature, refined operating systems. But I humbly suggest this may be the time to at least take a peak at non-Apple laptop choices. You may be surprised at the quality on offer. With that, here’s the top 5 best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop. Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (in no particular order) Asus ZenBook Flip 13.3-inch Touchscreen Laptop Price: $749 (USD) Strengths: portability, lots of ports, long battery life, 360-degree rotating screen works well with touch-based Windows 10 Perfect for: students, real estate professionals, those who often give presentations, creatives on the go, web browsing Watch out for: keyboard has no backlighting With the ZenBook Flip, Asus simply put, knocked it out of the park. Value-wise you’d be hard pressed to find a better 13.3″ Windows-based laptop. At under 3 pounds, you can easily slip this ultra slim laptop into a backback, or a slip cover, or just toss it into the backseat of a car. Better still, unlike Apple, Asus hasn’t skimped on ports. This is a dongle-free zone, thankfully. It’s all here: USB-C, USB 3.1, Micro HDMI, and SD card slot. Keyboard action is tactile, comfortable. As is the generously proportioned touchpad. Keep in mind the screen is “only” HD (1920×1080), but most, on this size of screen, will find it perfectly fine. The upside is decent performance (Intel Core M + Inten HD 515 Graphics), and exceptional battery life (8-10+ hours on average). Is the ZenBook Flip a gaming beast? No. But for those looking for mobile, low-cost productivity who spend most of their days in a web browser should find this laptop a sure-fire winner. Buy/research: Asus ZenBook Flip 13.3″ Touchscreen Latop (Intel Core M, 8GB RAM, 512GB SSD, Windows 10) $749 Dell XPS 13.3-inch QHD+ Touchscreen Laptop Price: $1,049 (USD) Strengths: mid-range power (Intel i5), super-sharp anti-glare LED display (3200×1800 pixels), backlit keyboard Perfect for: those who need to do light photo and video editing on the road, basic to mid-range gamers, office productivity users Watch out for: high resolution screen is beautiful, but it can limit battery life This is the not the Dell of yesterday. First up on the well-regarded Dell XPS 13.3-inch ultra portable: gorgeous design featuring a pretty silver anodized aluminum finish and high quality assembly. Next: a more than capable Intel i5 processor, backlit keyboard, QHD+ LED display (3200×1800) and a slim form factor coming in at only 2.78 pounds. All the ports you’d want are here to including a 3-in-1 card reader, mic/headphone, 2x USB 3.0 and 1 mini DisplayPort. Reviews are universally glowing for the XPS 13. For good reason, Dell gives you tremendous bang of the buck. Also, note that the display is finished with a rare, anti-glare coating. This makes it highly view-able outdoors, though less handy as a personal mirror. Buy/research: Dell XPS 13.3-Inch UltraSharp QHD+ Touchscreen 3200×1800 LED Anti-glare display Laptop (Intel Core i5-5200U 2.2GHz, 8GB RAM, 256GB SSD, 802.11ac, Bluetooth 4, Mini DisplayPort, Windows 10 Home) $1,049 Acer Predator 17.3-inch Full HD Gaming Laptop Price: $1,499 (USD) Strengths: packed with power including top end Intel i7 processor and NVIDIA GPU, plenty of memory and storage, expansive and comfortable keyboard, huge 17-inch display Perfect for: advanced gamers, video and photo professionals, anyone who needs maximum power on-the-go (without breaking the bank) Watch out for: short battery life (no surprise given impressive specs), non-touch screen Now we’re talking power. The Acer Predator is a spec monster. Basically, this laptop is a desktop replacement. You can throw just about anything at this beast and it won’t miss a beast: advanced games, video editing, photo editing, VR applications, 3D modelling. You name it. A high end Intel i7 CPU and dedicated NVIDIA GTX 970M help, as do copious amounts of RAM (16B) and storage (1TB). All the usual ports are here, including Thunderbolt 3. Keyboard (with numeric keybpad) is backlit and the speakers have plenty of oomph (Dolby Audio) to please audiophiles, and gamers alike. Obvious downsides are limited battery life (about 5 hours), and an HD display. Still, it’s hard to argue, the Acer Predator delivers impressive performance for the price. Buy/research: Acer Predator 17 G9-791-735A 17.3-inch Full HD Gaming Notebook (Windows 10) $1,499 HP Notebook 15.6-Inch Laptop (i5-6200U Processor, 8GB RAM, 1TB HDD, Windows 10) Price: $459 (USD) Strengths: low price, comfortable keyboard, mid-range performance (Intel i5), large 15.6-inch anti-glare display Perfect for: those on a tight budget Watch out for: weight (4.73 pounds) and battery (7 hours) – those not too bad considering the low price Under $500 for a laptop with an Intel i5 processor? Impossible, right? Thanks to HP, you can in fact spend about $460 and get a solid laptop. It’s a little bulkier than, say, the Asus ZenBook Flip and Dell XPS 13 mentioned above, but you’re getting mid-range power at a bargain price. Do I love the design? Not particularly. This is a basic looking laptop. It has a keyboard, ports, a touchpad, and the screen folds down. Just like we’ve come to know and maybe love for the past few decades. But that price! And don’t forget you get the latest edition of Windows 10 (Home), plenty of storage (1TB), and a roomy keyboard. Aside from Chromebooks, this is certainly worth a look for those on a tight budget. Buy/research: HP Notebook 15.6-Inch Laptop ( i5-6200U Processor, 8GB DDR3L SDRAM, 1TB HDD, Windows 10) $459 Microsoft Surface Book Price: $1,248 (2015) with i5, 128GB, 8GB RAM or starting from $2,499 (2016) for i7 Performance Base Strengths: 2-in-1 laptop and tablet hybrid design, stylus and inking capability is top notch, innovative hinge enables multiple operating modes (clipboard, laptop, drawing), long battery life, all the ports that you won’t find on the new MacBook Pro, outstanding 13.5-inch touchscreen (3000×2000) Perfect for: creatives who want inking capability in a portable, all-day ready design; graphic designers; those who want the cutting edge in mobile technology Watch out for: pricey I’m sure you saw this coming. The big headlines in the laptop wars these days has been: Apple MacBook Pro vs. Microsoft Surface Book. While all the laptops above are capable, most aren’t quite up to the combination of power and packaging that Apple offers. Surface Book, however, can go toe to toe with Apple’s premium laptops, and, in some cases, exceed them. Case in point: that stylus and the ability to take full advantage of the built-in inking tech in Windows 10. It’s fantastic. If you take notes, like to doodle, or are a professional graphics designer or artist, you’re probably going to like what Microsoft has done here. OneNote, for example, is an exceptional, cloud-based note-taking application. And it’s free. You can hand-write (and have it converted to text), draw free form, type, organize notes and information, and then have it sync across all your mobile devices. Can you tell I’m a fan? I recently used OneNote for a Werner Herzog filmmaking class I took over the summer. It sold me, hook, line and sinker. On the downside: price. Surface Books are positioned comparable to MacBooks… i.e. expensive. Here’s an idea. You can still buy a more than capable i5-based Surface Book for about $1,250 or so. That’s not bad. If you have the means and want the cutting edge in mobile, then by all means spring for the new i7 Performance Base editions, starting at $2,499. Whether you like Apple and its Touch Bar or Microsoft and its all-touch philosophy is up to you. As far as MacBook Pro alternative go, the Surface Book is, in my estimation, as good as it gets. Buy/research: Microsoft Surface Book (128 GB, 8 GB RAM, Intel Core i5) $1,248 (note: this is the 2015 model, it’s worth a look given the heavy discount and that Microsoft has worked out the early software bugs) Conclusion: MacBook Pros are impressive, but there’s plenty of excellent Windows-based alternatives Yes, MacBook Pros are expensive. They’re also exceptionally engineered. Consequently they typically can last for years before needing an upgrade. I expect the same will hold true for this 2016 range. However, Microsoft has come a long way. Windows 10 is easy to use, refined, and more stable than ever before. Thanks to the company’s emphasis on touch, Windows-based mobile devices tend to be more flexible in their design, affording all sorts of possibility for artists and office users alike. Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop Asus ZenBook Flip 13.3-inch Touchscreen Laptop $749 Dell XPS 13.3-inch QHD+ Touchscreen Laptop $1,049 Acer Predator 17.3-inch Full HD Gaming Laptop $1,499 HP Notebook 15.6-Inch Laptop $459 Microsoft Surface Book $1,248 (2015), $2,499+ (2016) Apple seems to be hell bent on a “less is more” attitude. So with the new MacBook Pros they’re only giving us USB-C ports (flexible, but a pain in the dongle), a Touch Bar in lieu of a touchscreen, and a keyboard featuring very flat keys with minimal travel. All of those things might not be an issue in the long-term, but for me it’s making my quest to replace my aging 2012 MacBook Air not an easy one. For once I’m thinking Microsoft is beginning to pull ahead in the laptop wars. Explore. Create. Live. Follow Stark Insider on Twitter and Facebook. Join our 9,000 subscribers who read SI on tablets and smartphones on Google Newsstand. Prefer video? Subscribe to  Stark Insider on YouTube, the largest arts & travel channel in San Francisco. TAGS Apple Microsoft 0 0 Share with your friends Your Name Your Email Recipient Email Enter a Message I read this article and found it very interesting, thought it might be something for you. The article is called Top 5: Best alternatives to a MacBook Pro laptop (Hint: they run Microsoft Windows) and is located at http://www.starkinsider.com/2016/11/top-5-best-alternatives-macbook-pro-laptop-hint-run-microsoft-windows.html. Captcha Submit Previous articleThe real reason why Apple hyped Touch Bar Next article‘The Natives are Restless’ a stirring visit to Hawai’ian culture Clinton Stark Clint has produced videos for Stark Insider since 2006. Recent projects include short MORADO shot in the Baja, mini-doc with PENTATONIX in Napa, and art-doc WRONG'S WHAT I DO BEST at the San Francisco Art Institute. He regularly writes about Canon DSLR and filmmaking. His Broadway shorts, such as SHREK UNMASKED, have garnered acclaim. He's worked with DreamWorks, Disney on Ice, Cirque du Soleil, and "studied under" filmmaker Werner Herzog. Clint also writes about the San Francisco arts scene, Napa, Silicon Valley and gadgets. More about Clint: Bio | IMDB RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR The real reason why Apple hyped Touch Bar Laptop Dilemma: Surface Book or MacBook Pro? Apple prefers we touch a Touch Bar instead of a screen 5 reasons why the smartwatch market took a dramatic nosedive Google refreshes smartphone brand, launches “Pixel” phones starting from $649 Apple iPhone 7 on mission to kill the DSLR CULTURE TECH/SILICON VALLEY WANDERLUST INTERVIEWS VIDEO FEATURES About Contact Advertise Privacy Policy Samples Policy & Shipping Address Google Cloud Platform v11.1 © 2006-2016 BLG Media
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Portwell Announces NANO-6062 with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Product Family (Codenamed Apollo Lake) Portwell's NANO-6062 Nano-ITX embedded board, based on Intel Atom processor E3900 series, features low power consumption for fan-less applications, and support for a wide -40ºC to 85ºC industrial temperature range for rugged applications. Nano-ITX embedded board featuring Intel Atom processor E3900 series   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Intel Atom E3900 * Industrial Temperature Support * Sff Embedded Board By Industry: * ComputersNov. 1, 2016 - PRLog -- FREMONT, CA. – American Portwell Technology, Inc., (http://www.portwell.com), a wholly owned subsidiary of Portwell, Inc., a world-leading innovator in the Industrial PC (IPC) market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) Solutions Alliance, today announces the release of the NANO-6062 (120mm x 120mm) Nano-ITX embedded system board based on the Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 series, formerly codenamed Apollo Lake. The new Intel® Atom™ processors integrate the Intel® Gen 9 3D graphics engine with up to 18 EUs (Execution Units) that improves the performance and supports 4K codec encoding/ decoding. It also supports one dual-channel 24bit LVDS connection, one DisplayPort (DP) on rear I/O with resolution up to 4096x2160 and one on-board VGA port with resolution up to 1920x1200. The 204-pin non-ECC SODIMM provides maximum memory, making it capable of supporting up to 8GB of DDR3L. The NANO-6062 represents the latest state-of-the-art innovation that results from the years of experience Portwell has gained as a manufacturer of high-quality computer boards. Versatile, Compact, Powerful and Fan-less The NANO-6062 Nano-ITX embedded board is built with the Intel Atom processor E3900 product family. Not only does it operate with thermal design power (TDP) under 12W for fan-less applications, but it also supports a wide industrial temperature range from -40°C to 85°C and a wide voltage of power input from 12V to 24V for rugged applications. With its superior quad-core processing power and high capability, it generates and delivers greater and faster performance than the previous generation. The flat/low-profile design -- measuring 16.4mm in height with I/O shield -- allows space-saving installation in display and panel PCs, making the realization of digital signage and control solutions for industry and business applications a quick and easy task. A significant benefit of this board is that customers using Portwell's NANO-6062 can flexibly design their own unique systems for Medical, Networking, Panel PC, Kiosk and Digital Signage applications. Great Computing Performance and Optimized 3D Graphics The NANO-6062, designed with Apollo Lake Intel Atom processor E3900 series, features one DDR3L 1600/1833 MT/s SODIMM socket equipped with up to 8GB DDR3L memory. It also integrates Intel graphics supporting DirectX 12, OpenGL 4.2, OpenCL 2.0 plus high-performance, flexible hardware decoding to decode multiple high-resolution 4K videos in parallel. In addition, it supports up to 4096x2160 pixels with DisplayPort, 1920x1200 pixels with VGA, and dual-channel LVDS up to 1920x1200 pixels, and is designed with the flexibility for connecting up to three independent display interfaces. Support for four USB 3.0 ports ensures fast data transmission with low-power consumption. One 5 Gb/s PCI Express 2.0 lane can be used as 1x full-size mini-PCIe. Two SATA 3.0 interfaces with up to 6 Gb/s (one of them available as mSATA and the other for SATA) allow quick and flexible system expansions. Intel I210-IT Gigabit Ethernet controllers provide dual Gigabit Ethernet LAN access via the two RJ45 ports. At Portwell, we strive for excellence and the NANO-6062 is merely one example of the multitude of superior products designed and manufactured at our facilities. We challenge ourselves constantly to understand our customers' unique business needs and are committed to meeting their demands. # # # Product details: http://www.portwell.com/products/detail.php?CUSTCHAR1=NAN... Product availability: In addition to American Portwell Technology, Inc., the Portwell NANO-6062 Nano-ITX embedded system board is also available through Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. # # # About American Portwell Technology American Portwell Technology, Inc., is a world-leading innovator in the embedded computing market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance. American Portwell Technology designs, manufactures and markets a complete range of PICMG computer boards, embedded computer boards and systems, rackmount systems and network communication appliances for both OEMs and ODMs. American Portwell is an ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001 and TL 9000 certified company. The company is located in Fremont, California. For more information about American Portwell's extensive turnkey solutions and private-label branding service, call 1-877-APT-8899, email info@portwell.com or visit us at http://www.portwell.com. Intel and Atom are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other products and company names referred to herein may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders. # # # Media Contact: Susan Wei Marketing Executive American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3354 susanw@portwell.com Product Contact: Jason Chen Product Manager American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3392 jasonc@portwell.com Media Contact American Portwell Technology, Inc./Susan Wei 510-403-3399 ***@portwell.com End Source : American Portwell Technology, Inc. » Follow Email : ***@portwell.com Listed Under- Tags : Intel Atom E3900, Industrial Temperature Support, Sff Embedded Board Industry : Computers Location : United States A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse American Portwell Technology, Inc. News Portwell Releases COM Express Compact Module with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Series Portwell Announces Wide Temperature FUDA2-S1921 Panel PC Series w/ Projected Capacitive Touch Scree Portwell Releases High Performance Fan-less Embedded System Powered by 6th Generation Intel Core Portwell Releases ETX 3.0 Module to Extend Legacy Applications and Lifecycles Portwell Releases a Rugged Fan-less Embedded System Powered by Intel Pentium/Celeron Processor N3000 Trending AEFIS Ranked in Top 100 — Philadelphia Region's Best Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 WDNP Networks gears up for the American Music Awards BriskHeat Expands Product Offering with New Self-Regulating Heating Cable Line and Connection Kits Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Now is an awful time to buy a new laptop Chris Mills BGR NewsNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Black Friday is rapidly approaching, Microsoft and Apple have just shown off their laptop collections for the year, and there's more nighttime in the winter to Netflix in bed. Ordinarily, this would be the perfect time to go get a new laptop. But not in 2016. See, although Intel announced its new line of Kaby Lake processors back in August, we won't see a lot of the new processors in laptops until next year. The new processors promise all sorts of improvements over the current Skylake versions, but even if you don't care about better 4K video playback, you probably do care about saving money. Which is why you should slowly back away from the Amazon cart, set down the 1-click order button, and wait. DON'T MISS: The worst thing about Apple’s new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures Kaby Lake is the seventh generation of Intel's Core processors. On paper, it's not that much of an upgrade over the Skylake chips that came before. It runs on the same-sized 14nm process, using a mostly-similar architecture to the Skylake chips, so there aren't any giant improvements in battery life or processing power for general-use applications. But where the new chips should be much better is for specific things like 4K video playback or VR. Intel has started to tailor its silicon to the kinds of intensive tasks that currently tax the processor. It's the same thing that processor manufacturers have been doing for the last few years for smartphones: rather than just increase overall processing power, Qualcomm, Samsung and Apple have customized their chips so that they're much better at a specific task. Intel is claiming that you'll get nearly double the battery life when streaming 4K video off YouTube, which is a huge improvement. Other battery-intensive tasks, like general web browsing, also get a double-digit efficiency boost. So, for the same-size laptop with the same battery, you'll be getting hours more battery life if you wait for a Kaby Lake chip. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PBgSfEzb9cg Gaming is another good example. The beefy quad-core Kaby Lake processors, which won't launch until early next year, will have the latest version of Intel's Iris graphics. We don't know a ton about it, but we've seen demos of thin-and-light laptops running graphically intensive games like Overwatch at a decent FPS. The big question is if the best Iris graphics will be able to handle basic AR or VR tasks. If they can pull that off, it will mean serious graphics performance in a thin laptop with low power draw. So when will be a good time to buy a laptop? The basic, low-power Kaby Lake chips are already out, but we'll have to wait until sometime early next year for the high-power, quad-core laptop processors that you find in the MacBook Pro or Surface Book. You can expect all the big-name laptop manufacturers to debut laptops packing Kaby Lake, so a few demos at the Consumer Electronics Show in January is a good guess. Even if you don't care about any of the graphics or efficiency improvements, it's probably worth waiting until the new year to buy a new laptop. With Kaby Lake computers coming out, the perfectly capable Skylake PCs will be going on sale anyway. Couple those sales with the post-Christmas discounts, and you could be picking up serious PCs for a lot less money than right now. All you have to do is wait. Trending right now: The worst thing about Apple’s new MacBook Pro in two amazing pictures This iPhone 7 video review from a hardcore Android fan is making Android users want to switch Samsung may have just revealed the Galaxy S8’s hottest new feature See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Spotify has been quietly killing your SSD’s life for months BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech The first ‘Ghost in the Shell’ trailer is finally here BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> CPUs Microsoft Lifts the Lid on Some Intel Skylake-EP Details via the Open Compute Project by Ian Cutress on November 1, 2016 3:00 PM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Open Compute Purley Skylake-EP Azure LGA3647 Project Olympus 15 Comments | Add A Comment 15 Comments + Add A Comment As part of the European Digital Infrastructure Summit in London this week, Microsoft's Azure team will be lifting the lid on Project Olympus, the next generation hyperscale cloud hardware design and model for open source hardware development, in collaboration with the Open Compute Project (OCP). Project Olympus is being described as a way to embrace future platforms in a standardized design, much like other OCP projects, and the open source standards behind the platform are offering insights into Intel’s Skylake-EP Platform, known as Purley. It seems odd for information about Skylake-EP to be sanctioned at this time (technically none of the documents mention Intel, Skylake or Purley, but it can be deciphered as below), especially given the recent release of Broadwell-E/EP and Intel’s previous stance of limited data release prior to launch. It would appear that the information Microsoft are providing at the summit has been sanctioned, however sometimes putting two plus two together requires a little digging. All this information is posted on the Microsoft Azure blog, which links directly to the OCP pages where motherboard specifications and server mechanical specifications are provided in PDF format. It’s a Socket We’ve Seen Before, Which Can Make Waves Being the motherboard guy at AnandTech, I skipped straight to the motherboard information. Page 31 of the motherboard document gives the following example motherboard drawing: Here is a dual-socket design, with a set of PCIe slots, some power connectors and other I/O components (some fiber Ethernet, for example). But jam packed in the middle are two very large sockets. We’ve seen these before, back at Supercomputing 2015 when Intel announced Knights Landing, which is a Xeon Phi product: Xeon Phi's Knights Landing design uses an LGA3647 implementation based on its 72 cores, 16GB of MCDRAM, and six memory channels. There are a lot of pins because there’s a lot to power up. In previous generations of EP processors, both EP and E have shared the same socket. If I wanted to use my E5-2699 v4 Broadwell-EP LGA2011-3 processor in an X99 consumer motherboard instead of an i7-6950X, I could. Essentially all the Core and all the Xeon E5 CPUs have shared a common socket, making it easy for 1P/2P/4P processors to share around.  If Purley / Skylake-EP uses the LGA3647 socket, this means one of four things. The first is that this might not be Skylake-EP, and something odd like Skylake-EN. The second is that Skylake-E will also share the same socket, and be LGA3647. This sounds somewhat implausible, given that Skylake-EP will have to handle at least the same amount of cores as Broadwell-EP, so there would be a lot of pins on a consumer platform for no reason. The third possibility is that Skylake-E and Skylake-EP are going to be different sockets. This would indicate a split between consumer HEDT and dual-socket workstations and servers. Given previous generational changes, Skylake-E for consumers is expected to follow a similar pattern – around 2000 pins in a single socket design. However if Skylake-EP is making the jump to a significantly larger socket, especially for 2P workstation and server designs, it will produce a spread of difference in potential for pricing structures and implementation. The fourth possibility extends from the third, and that Skylake-EP will have two socket designs depending on the size of the core. For Broadwell-EP, there were three designs for the silicon underneath – a low core count (LCC), a medium core count (MCC) and an extreme core count (XCC). If Intel are splitting up the sockets, it may be the case that only the XCC or MCC+XCC sides of the equation are using LGA3647. LCC designs are typically used for the consumer E series parts anyway, so Intel may decide to make the low core designs of EP on the smaller socket. There’s a wealth of possibility here. I Heard You Like RAM. I Heard You Like Storage. On the main Microsoft Azure page, a handy diagram of an example machine was provided (with some areas blacked out): Here we see that motherboard from the image above, using two low profile heatsinks with copper piping feeding an optional heatsink inside the chassis. To the sides of each of the sockets are big black squares, indicating where the DDR4 memory should go. Nearer the bottom of the board are networking implementations (50G is labeled), and PCIe slots suitable for three full-height, half-length (FHHL) PCIe cards.  Interestingly on the right-hand side, we have labeled ‘up to 8 M.2 NVMe SSDs’. Back to the motherboard specification, we see the list of blacked out areas along with a more comprehensive sequence of potential configurations: There are spots for up to 32 DIMMs, which makes 16 per socket. Depending on how many memory controllers the CPU has, this could mean 8-channel and 2 DIMMs per channel (DPC), or 4-channel and 4 DPC. Nowhere does it state the maximum DRAM support per CPU, but DDR4 LRDIMMs are currently at 256GB/module, meaning a potential maximum of 4TB per CPU or 8TB per system. We expect Skylake-EP to support 3D XPoint at some stage as well. On that list of support also mentions up to 12 SATA devices, up to 3 FHHL cards, and two PCIe x8 slots capable of supporting two M.2 modules each. So this is where that 8x M.2 comes in – if we get four from two PCIe x8 slots, and combine this with up to four M.2 direct attach modules, that makes eight. The top-level block diagram is also worth a look. Patrick from STH specifically points out the PCIe 3.0 support for the platform: On the right-hand side, adding up all the PCIe numbers and it comes to 88 PCIe 3.0 lanes, or 44 per CPU. This would be an upgrade on the 40 lanes per CPU currently on Broadwell-EP. There is also provision for PCIe lanes to be used with the mini-SAS connectors on the left-hand side. Technically the BMC also requires a PCIe link as well. So When? Given the long product cycles of Intel’s EP platforms, and the fact that the Big Seven cloud providers have a lot of clout over sales means they are most likely testing and integrating the next generation hardware. The release to the public, and smaller players in the OCP space, is a long and slow one. We’re not expecting Skylake-E/EP out until well into 2017, if not the year after, so information will certainly be on the slow burn. Supercomputing 2016 is happening in Utah in a couple of weeks, and although we won’t be there due to scheduling, something may pop out of the woodwork. We’ll keep our eyes peeled. Source: Microsoft, ServeTheHome Gallery: Project Olympus Universal Motherboard specification PDF Gallery: Project Olympus Server Mechanical Specification PDF Related Reading SuperComputing 15: Intel’s Knights Landing / Xeon Phi Silicon on Display A Few Notes on Intel’s Knights Landing and MCDRAM Modes from SC15 The Next Generation Open Compute Hardware: Tried and Tested The Intel Xeon E5 v4 Review: Testing Broadwell-EP With Demanding Server Workloads     Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 15 Comments View All Comments GhostOfAnand - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Another attempt and Embrace, Extend, and Extinguish. Microsoft, about as innovative as my comment. Reply GhostOfAnand - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Good sleuthing, though, Ian. Reply drjlaw - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Please, explain the Extend and Extinguish steps here. All I see is baseless anti-Microsoft whinging. Reply mlkmade - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Why all this speculation when I'm sure you already know Skylake-X (rename of skylake-e) is getting its own socket, lga-2066 with KabyLake-X and the X299 chipset. So yes, HEDT and the EP lines are being split. Unless you really dont know? Reply Morawka - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link why is the socket so large on the HEDT platform. I mean the only real difference between these sockets, and the ones in consumer desktop is a little more die area dedicated to the memory controller, but the missing graphics should make up for that you would think. Reply ats - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link additional memory channels according to leaks and speculation. sockets aren't dependent on die area but instead based on the number of pins required. Reply mlkmade - Wednesday, November 02, 2016 - link you know there is more cores and cache right? Reply TheinsanegamerN - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link MCDRAM? Does it come with a side of fries, and can I supersize it? Reply dakishimesan - Wednesday, November 02, 2016 - link solid joke, i chuckled. Reply Magichands8 - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link 256GB per module? Jesus! Intel better stop dragging its ass on 3D XPoint and get that ball rolling otherwise I'm not sure there's much "point" at all in releasing a product that can't compete with DRAM in either performance or density. Or IBM could be out with it's own phase change memory before Intel gets to pop that cherry. Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Possible Reasons for Intel Corporation's Increased Data-Center Spending Investments in complementary platform technologies, customized chips for major customers, and specialized workload accelerators all potentially contribute to the company's increased spending in its data-center biz. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 8:16AM In a prior column, I went over why investors in Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) shouldn't freak out over the company's increased investments in its lucrative and fast-growing data-center group, or DCG. Intel's data-center chief, Diane Bryant. Image source: Intel.  Here, I'd like to go over three areas in which Intel is likely beefing up its investments within DCG. Complementary technologies The bulk of Intel's DCG revenue comes from the sale of processors and related chipsets, but the company has been talking up the growing importance of complementary non-processor components to its businesses. Intel's non-processor technologies are a small but rapidly growing part of its data-center biz. Image source: Intel.  The examples of such technologies that the company routinely cites in investor presentations are 3D XPoint memory modules, silicon photonics, and its proprietary Omni-Path fabric for high-performance computing applications. It seems likely that the company is spending more money to put additional development resources on these projects, particularly as the company is banking on these technologies to help boost the long-term growth rate of DCG. More custom processor projects Analyst Romit Shah recently postulated that part of the spending increases on Intel's part could be a "defense move" on Intel's part that could potentially include "more custom projects" in a bid to "stem market share loss." Indeed, back in 2014, Intel's data-center general manager, Diane Bryant, indicated that the company integrates custom features into its server processors for specific customers and is even working with potential customers on "fully custom" processors. Image source: Intel. Considering this, I wouldn't be surprised if the company were investing more in DCG to be able to support a greater number of semi-custom and fully custom processor projects for major high-volume customers, with, perhaps, the bar for what constitutes a "worthwhile" project coming down a bit. Accelerator technologies Intel has always been good at building very high-performance, power-efficient processors. Going forward, being able to build best-in-class processors will certainly continue to be a key point of differentiation and a large part of Intel's value proposition in the data center. Intel has also been more aggressive in pursuing technologies that can be used to dramatically speed up certain specialized workloads, broadly referred to as accelerators. Intel's Xeon Phi represents a key type of accelerator technology. Image source: Intel.  Accelerators come in many forms, from dedicated hardware integrated into the same chip as the main processor to co-processors that work alongside the main processors. Unsurprisingly, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich thinks that accelerator technologies can help to boost the growth of DCG. "So we look at those accelerators as enhancing this growth," Krzanich said on the company's most recent earnings call. He further went on to claim that Intel has the "widest" portfolio of accelerator technologies, "from FPGAs through the Xeon Phi and then into [application-specific integrated circuit] driven devices." It stands to reason, then, that to support this set of technologies and to develop even more of them down the line, the company is going to need to invest more in terms of money and human resources to develop them. It wouldn't surprise me one bit to learn that a doubling down on these accelerators was part of the spending increases in DCG. Investing now is the right thing to do The last thing Intel needs is to be caught flat-footed in its data-center business, so investing today to ensure that it's in a strong competitive position tomorrow is conceptually the right thing to do. Increased investments do hurt near-term profitability, which stockholders, particularly in businesses as large and mature as Intel, don't like. However, it's better to pay the price now and reap the rewards later than to maximize profitability now only to have things fall off a cliff down the line. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 8:16AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Did you know that you can get Phoronix Premium for under $3 per month? Try it today to view our site ad-free, multi-page articles on a single page, and more while the proceeds allow us to write more Linux hardware reviews. Mesa 13.0 Released With Intel OpenGL 4.5, RADV Radeon Vulkan Driver Written by Michael Larabel in Display Drivers on 1 November 2016. Page 1 of 1. 43 Comments Mesa 13.0 was released today as what is likely the most significant release to this 3D graphics driver/library implementation ever! Mesa 13 is huge for open-source driver uses particularly with Intel, Radeon, and GeForce hardware driver improvements. During development this release was known as Mesa 12.1 OpenGL 4.5: The Intel i965 driver for Broadwell hardware and newer now supports OpenGL 4.5 compared to GL 4.3 on the previous stable release. This is a huge win and great to finally see the Intel driver catch-up to the latest OpenGL specification albeit doesn't yet support all the 2015~2015 extensions, including the extensions needed for the "AZDO" approaches. Haswell is still at OpenGL 3.3 for Mesa 13.0. The RadeonSI (AMD GCN) and Nouveau NVC0 (Fermi and newer) drivers have also implemented all OpenGL 4.4/4.5 extensions, but they only advertise OpenGL 4.3. Not until they complete the Khronos GL 4.4 / 4.5 conformance tests will that support be advertised via the OpenGL string. The Radeon crew is working on the CTS passing but they have said it's quite some work while the Nouveau developers are still working on figuring out the CTS approach with just being a community-organized driver effort. OpenGL ES: On the OpenGL ES front, Intel Haswell now has OpenGL ES 3.1 support while Skylake and newer have finished OpenGL ES 3.2 support. RADV Radeon Vulkan: The RADV driver was merged to mainline Mesa as an open-source Radeon Vulkan driver that made much progress over the summer (http://www.phoronix.com/vr.php?view=23596). This is the "unofficial" Radeon Vulkan driver with AMD having not yet open-sourced their promised Vulkan driver code and even AMD developers having recently referred to this as the "Red Hat driver", so it's still up in the air what will happen in the long-term for open-source AMD Vulkan support. At least RADV is making good progress for satisfying Linux gamers now and can successfully run The Talos Principle, vkQuake, and Dota 2 Vulkan-enabled Linux games. The RADV driver works in conjunction with the AMDGPU kernel driver meaning support by default for GCN 1.2 GPUs and newer or GCN 1.0/1.1 if you manually enable the experimental AMDGPU support in the kernel. Better Intel Vulkan Driver: Intel's "ANV" Vulkan driver is in much better shape now than when it premeiered in Mesa 12.0. There has been performance optimizations, many fixes, and other feature improvements for this open-source Vulkan driver that is supported the best on Broadwell and newer while the Haswell support may still vary. Nouveau Pascal: Early work on Pascal support in NVC0 but it is only relevant for the GP100 and not the consumer GeForce GTX 1000 series hardware, until NVIDIA releases the signed firmware images to Nouveau developers. Better RadeonSI Performance: The open-source RadeonSI driver has seen a number of performance improvements. Upgrading is very much worthwhile for users of the open-source AMD driver stack. Gallium Nine: There have been many improvements to the Gallium3D Direct3D 9 state tracker. So far this state tracker is only useful if patching Wine to support using this D3D9 implementation when running your Windows games on Linux. Mesa development was extremely fast-paced this year and is at nearly two million lines of code. As great as Mesa 13 is, there are some features you won't find in Mesa 13.0. Tweet 43 Comments About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Articles Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux Mesa 13.0 Released With Intel OpenGL 4.5, RADV Radeon Vulkan Driver AMDGPU-PRO 16.40 vs. Linux 4.8 + Mesa 13.1-dev Driver Comparison Intel Haswell OpenGL & Vulkan Testing With Mesa Git Dota 2 Radeon OpenGL vs. Vulkan Performance With Mesa Git, Linux 4.9-rc1 Trending Linux News Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux GNOME 3.22.2 Released LLVM Clang Lands -Og Optimization Level The Current RadeonSI Benefits Of Switching To Mesa 13.1-dev Git On Ubuntu 16.10 Mesa 13.0.1 Released Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Don’t Overlook Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock’s Bargain-Bin Price The market is punishing INTC stock for no good reason By Dan Burrows, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Nov 1, 2016, 12:05 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 Bank of America Corp (BAC) Is an Even ‘Biglier’ Buy Under Trump Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is Gaining Too Much Momentum to Ignore Recent Posts: Why GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Keeps Hitting Its Head on the Floor Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stock Could Have a Sluggish Year Ahead Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Needs a LOT More Than Activist Aid View All Posts Shares in Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) were having a fine 2016 — up 10% at one point — and then Intel stock gave up most of its year-to-date gains after earnings earlier this month. The question now is INTC stock worth buying at this lower price? There was nothing wrong with Intel’s third-quarter earnings. The chipmaker posted record profits. At 80 cents a share, adjusted earnings exceeded Wall Street’s earnings estimate by 8 cents. That’s a big beat. Sales topped expectations, too. The top line expanded 9% to $15.8 billion. Wall Street was modeling revenue of $15.6 billion. The backward-looking numbers looked pretty good, but then the market doesn’t pay for past performance. It’s all about future earnings, and on that basis, INTC spooked investors. The company guided fourth-quarter revenue to $15.7 billion, which is significantly below what analysts were expecting. The sales hit comes courtesy of start-up costs for next-generation manufacturing capabilities. That sounds like a good use of capital expenditures. Leveraging wise investments to goose future profits is what a company like INTC is supposed to do. But the market was having none of it. Intel stock has lost more than 7% in wake of the Oct. 18 earnings report. 9 Shiny New Dividend Stocks You Can Trust in the Long Run The sharp drop in INTC stock seems overdone. After all, it’s not like the company took an axe to its outlook. It’s sort of bizarre. How does the market punish a stock to this degree for issuing slightly disappointing revenue guidance for the ongoing quarter? If Intel didn’t say anything and fourth-quarter revenue came up short of estimates, the drubbing would have been far less severe. Heck, the company missed analysts’ average revenue estimate in the June quarter and pretty much cruised right through. Intel Stock Is on Sale These clues suggest INTC stock might be beaten down for no good reason. Most companies in Intel’s sector — and probably most companies in general — are cutting back on investment. INTC is plowing ahead even as its results and stock takes hits. More importantly, Intel is investing wisely. INTC stock still struggles with the headwind of PC sales. They’re a slowly melting iceberg. But this is old news. What investors should be focusing on is Intel’s success in the segment that makes server chips for cloud-based computing. The Data Center Group contributes about 50% of operating earnings. Revenue is accelerating. This area of growth is a secular, not cyclical, trend. PCs might be in decline, but servers have a bright future. Next Page   1 2 View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/intel-corporation-intc-stocks-bargain-bin-price/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 2:33 A.M. ET Delta Lloyd cost cuts on track; ups savings traget 2:32 A.M. ET Aggreko confident of profit despite oil market 2:31 A.M. ET Barratt sales in London lag, but order book is up 2:30 A.M. ET Bouygues profit beats views on telecom unit boost 2:29 A.M. ET Total SA creates bioplastics JV with Corbion 2:28 A.M. ET GSK at fault for couple's time in China jail: suit 2:26 A.M. ET Reports of iPhone glitch investigated in China 2:25 A.M. ET VW, Audi may face higher emission suit costs 2:24 A.M. ET Deutsche Bank shrinks U.S. entity to meet EU rules 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Until London Markets Open Asia Markets Currencies US Market Snapshot Home Press Release Topcon announces distribution of the new Intel(R) Falcon 8+ System for North American markets By Published: Nov 1, 2016 12:30 p.m. ET Share Nov 01, 2016 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- LIVERMORE, CA and CAPELLE A/D IJSSEL, THE NETHERLANDS--(Marketwired - November 01, 2016) - Topcon Positioning Group announces the new Intel Falcon 8+ System, a patented V-shaped eight-rotor unmanned aerial system (UAS) for the United States and Canada markets that will be distributed by Topcon. Building on the success of the initial Topcon Falcon 8 System, the new generation Intel Falcon 8+ System is an advanced UAV featuring the triple redundant AscTec Trinity autopilot and has full electronic system redundancy. It also includes the Intel® Cockpit™ ground control and the Intel® Powerpack™ smart battery system. "Intel is excited to announce the Intel Falcon 8+ System for the North American markets. This commercial application focused system is designed with performance, precision and safety in mind," said Anil Nanduri, vice president and general and manager for the UAV Group at Intel. "This system highlights our continued advancements in the UAV industry. We are extremely pleased that Topcon, a key collaborator with one of the world's largest UAS reseller and support networks, will bring this to the North American markets." "The Intel Falcon 8+ System expands on the success of our rotary-wing UAS offering," said Eduardo Falcon, executive vice president and general manager for the Topcon GeoPositioning Solutions Group. "It offers the best performance and weight-to-payload ratio in the entire market, as well as the highest stability in harsh conditions, easily exchangeable and deeply integrated payloads, best-in-class safety and high-precision GNSS." The Intel Cockpit ground control is a water resistant station -- built for operators to plan and execute highly complex missions with ease with the integration of the complete single hand flight control joystick. In addition, the Intel Cockpit ground control features an Intel® based tablet and also supports low latency digital video links -- allowing for up to 1080p resolution for the best possible live view. The Intel Falcon 8+ System is powered by a dual battery system comprised of Intel Powerpack smart batteries, bringing redundancy even to the power supply. These batteries feature automatic balancing, storage mode, charging and LEDs that display remaining battery life and are designed to meet airline shipping requirements. Falcon said, "We are excited to provide Topcon customers with the opportunities to generate this level of aerial precision data for inspection and monitoring, as well as survey and mapping applications. The Falcon 8+ System represents a new standard for commercial-grade UAS, providing imagery with millimeter accuracy detail, and structural analysis important to infrastructure assessments." For more information, visit topconpositioning.com. About Topcon Positioning Group Topcon Positioning Group is headquartered in Livermore, California, USA (topconpositioning.com). Its European head office is in Capelle a/d IJssel, the Netherlands (topconpositioning.eu). Topcon Positioning Group designs, manufactures and distributes precise positioning products and solutions for the global surveying, construction, agriculture, civil engineering, BIM, mapping and GIS, asset management and mobile control markets. Its brands include Topcon, Sokkia, Tierra, Wachendorff Elektronik, Digi-Star, RDS Technology, NORAC and 2LS. Topcon Corporation (topcon.com), founded in 1932, is traded on the Tokyo Stock Exchange (7732). The Intel Falcon 8+ System and Topcon Falcon 8 System have not been authorized as required by the rules of the Federal Communications Commission. This device is not, and may not be, offered for sale or lease, or sold or leased, until authorization is obtained. Safety Certification, CE assessment and other country approvals not yet completed. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/10/31/11G120264/Images/Intel-Falcon-8_plus_system_TOPCON-c58c8ba7f36b9901bcaa02f62e54358e.jpg Press Information Topcon Positioning Group CorpComm@topcon.com USA: Staci Fitzgerald +1 925-245-8610 Europe: Stuart Proctor +31 10 458 50 77 © 2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Opinions / MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15: Which is best? MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15: Which is best? by Michael Passingham 01 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15: We take a look at two of the best laptops you can buy to determine which is the best. Apple recently launched three new laptop models: two 13-inch MacBook Pros and a 15-inch model. After years of stagnation, the fight between Dell and Apple has finally got interesting. We’ve already run the numbers on the Dell XPS 13 and the 13-inch MacBook Pro, but now it’s time for the two bigger models to face off. Aside from the obvious operating system difference – you’ll have to make up your own mind whether you want macOS Sierra or Windows 10 – the two machines' technical specifications and build quality need a close look to understand what you’re getting for your money. There are four specified Dell XPS 15s available and three 15-inch MacBook Pros. The table below shows you the differences between the base and top-spec models of each. Related: 13-inch MacBook Pro 2016 vs Dell XPS 13 WATCH: Dell XPS 15 Review MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Full specification comparison (Based on Dell.com and Apple.com. Other retailers may vary) Device Dell XPS 15 MacBook Pro 15 Weight 1.78-2kg 1.83kg Dimensions H: 17mm W: 357mm D: 235mm H: 15.5mm W: 349mm D: 240mm Processor choices Quad-core 6th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7, up to 3.5GHz Quad-core 6th-gen Intel Core i7, up to 3.8GHz Graphics Intel HD Graphics 530 AND 2GB Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M Intel HD Graphics 530 AND 2GB AMD Radeon Pro 450 OR 455 OR 4GB Radeon Pro 460 RAM 8-32GB DDR4 16GB DDR3 Storage 1TB hard disk to 1TBPCI-E SSD 256GB-2TB PCI-E SSD Screen 15.6-inch 1,920x1,080 or 3,840x2,160 15.4-inch 2,880x1,800 Price £1199-£2049 £1,899-£4,049 MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Design and build Apple and Dell have adopted completely different philosophies in the building of their two laptops. While Apple has gone with a tried and tested aluminium unibody design, Dell has opted for an aluminium lid and carbon fibre-coated wrist rest and keyboard tray, with a metal base. Both are exceptionally pretty and well-built machines so there’s no real loser here. Related: What's new with the MacBook Pro? Physical specs tell a slightly different story, though. The MacBook is 50g heavier than the 1.78kg Dell XPS 15, although if you pick a top-end XPS 15 with a touch screen and larger battery, it goes up to a rather heavier 2kg, making the MacBook Pro the winner here when it comes to the top-spec model. The MacBook Pro is a similar size to the Dell XPS 15 when it comes to width and depth, but more substantial in terms of depth – the MacBook Pro is slightly thinner at 15.5mm while the Dell XPS 15 makes do with a thickness of 17mm. This is because the MacBook uses a 15.4-inch screen, while the XPS 15 uses a 15.6-inch panel with a wafer-thin bezel. The most obvious difference in hardware is the MacBook’s Touch Bar. Unique to the MacBook, Dell has no answer and retains a dedicated row of physical function keys. For more on the MacBook Pro Touch Bar, read our guide. Related: Dell XPS 15 review In terms of the keyboard, the new MacBook Pros use Apple’s Butterfly key switches, which offer less travel and a slightly clickier feel than conventional laptop keys. They’re not for everyone, so we’d recommend visiting an Apple Store to try them out for yourself. The MacBook has a gigantic touchpad, much bigger than that on the XPS 15, but the XPS 15's is one of the most responsive around, so what it lacks in size it makes up for in usefulness. In terms of ports, the MacBook Pro 15-inch keeps things simple yet awkward. You get four USB-C connectors that double up as Thunderbolt 3 ports alongside a 3.5mm headphone jack. Any of the USB ports can be used for charging. The Dell, meanwhile, gets two full-size USB 3.0 ports, a USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 port, a headset jack and an SD card reader. MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Performance As ever, this is where things get messy. With a variety of different processors available on both devices, let’s keep it simple. The least powerful MacBook Pro gets a quad-core Intel Core i7 processor with a maximum Turbo Boost speed of 3.4GHz. This is only slightly slower than the fastest Dell XPS 15, whose Core i7 has a maximum Turbo Boost of 3.5GHz. Beyond that, every upgrade to the MacBook Pro 15’s processor makes it faster than the Dell XPS 15. Still, both devices are highly capable and will have no problem editing Ultra HD video. If you want something a little cheaper, the bottom-spec Dell XPS 13 gets a quad-core Intel Core i5 processor instead, which reduces its capacity as a video-editing workstation. It’s still a capable photo editor and gaming machine, though. Related: Intel Core i processors explained In the graphics department, things are less clear cut. The MacBook Pro 15 debuts AMD’s Radeon Pro graphics brand, with a choice of three chips on board. There are a pair of 2GB GPUs and a third 4GB model called the 460, but this is an upgrade you’ll have to pay for. The Dell XPS 15, meanwhile, gets a 2GB Nvidia GeForce GTX 960M in all models. The Radeon Pro is geared towards 3D work and other creative applications but will also have the capacity to play some games, although quite what it will entail in the real world remains to be seen. Still, if you’re only looking for a boost to creative performance, these chips will suit you just fine. The 960M in the Dell is a known quantity, and can play most modern games at reduced graphics settings and resolution. Apple is claiming 10 hours of battery life on the Pro, and while it probably won’t reach that in most moderate work situations, it’ll almost certainly beat the XPS 15 that barely reaches beyond five to six hours in most work situations – one of its biggest failings. Dell also manages to squeeze 32GB of RAM into its top-end model, which will make 4K video editing a much more promising prospect. Apple MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Screen You get a choice of screens with the Dell XPS 15. The three cheaper models get Full HD panels while the top spec gets an Ultra HD panel. Both are capable of displaying the full Adobe RGB colour gamut, which makes them great for photo editors and videographers. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 vs Surface Book i7 The MacBook Pro gets a 2,880 x 1,800 pixel panel that’s capable of displaying the full DCI P3 colour gamut used in film making. It’s ridiculously bright at 500 nits, which is beyond anything we’ve ever seen in a laptop and puts it up there with the brightest smartphones and some pretty fancy TVs to boot. We’ve not seen it in the flesh yet, though, so we’ll wait before giving a final judgement. MacBook Pro 15-inch 2016 vs Dell XPS 15 – Pricing and final thoughts The cheapest MacBook Pro 15-inch is more expensive that the second-from-top-end Dell XPS 15, which is slightly more powerful than its Apple-made rival, so at that end of the market the Dell would seem to be better value. Buy Now: Dell XPS 15 at Amazon.com from $942 Best Deals for Dell XPS 15 However, as you move beyond the bottom-spec MacBook, the additional 8GB of RAM, faster processors and super-bright screen start to become more attractive. Without having reviewed the MacBook Pro, a final judgement call is hard. Both the Dell XPS 15 and MacBook Pro 15 are capable video and photo editing workstations, and spending more on the MacBook gets you the clever Touch Bar, a thinner and (at the top-end) lighter design. Right at the very top of the range, the Dell once again seems better value with its huge 32GB of RAM, which will be very helpful for a lot of people. WATCH: MacBook Pro 2016 first look MacBook Pro 15-inch or Dell XPS 15? Let us know which you think comes out on top in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay 2016 DELL XPS 15 9550 15.6" FHD InfinityEdge i7-6700HQ 8GB 256GB SSD GTX 960M $1,149.00 View Item 2016 Dell XPS 15 9550 15.6" (1 TB, Intel Core i7 6th Gen., 3.5 GHz, 32 MB)... 0 bids $1,450.00 View Item 2016 Dell XPS 15 9550 15.6" CORE i7-6700HQ 8GB 256GB PCIe SSD FHD 1080p GTX960M $1,159.00 View Item 2016 Dell XPS 15 9550 i7-6700HQ 16GB 512GB PCIe SSD UHD touch 4K GTX960M W10 $1,539.00 View Item 2016 DELL XPS 15 9550 i7-6700HQ 16GB 512GB SSD GTX 960M 1080P W10H 1YR WTY $1,379.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Ruturaj November 2, 2016, 5:03 am Macbook has better SSD because of speed. Processor has more powerful options. Speakers macbook wins with front facing stereo. Best non touch screen. Xps has better More Configurations RAM since you have options and its ddr4. Battery, xps has bigger battery Graphics Ports Value for money Upgradability, you can put more/newer ssd, ram, battery, screen easily. Touchscreen is better than touch strip. Look and feel, tie, I prefer macbook thought. Edit: I think dell precision 15 is more relevant than XPS for this comparison. sdfu November 2, 2016, 12:29 pm Except xps 15 model 2nd from the highest priced comes with a 256 SSD as well too... And still priced lower and with that extra like 500 dollars you could go out and buy a even bigger SSD drive.... And u can disable the touchscreen..easily. The mac rlly has its looks to fall back on. mothergoose85 November 2, 2016, 5:14 pm Something worth mentioning on the trackpad front is (and I know this is partly down to the OS), the gestures on OSX are incredible. They are actually what converted me. Steven Stephen November 4, 2016, 10:48 am I agree and not only that the Force touch trackpad I would say in my opinion is one of the best trackpads out there, and is unique to apple. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
null
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  Intel Kaby Lake Desktop Processor Lineup Revealed Intel Kaby Lake Desktop Processor Lineup Revealed Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - 10:30 AM Intel 7th Generation Core ‘Kaby Lake’ laptop processors were released back in August and you can easily find those processors in laptop solutions from various makers. Desktop enthusiasts have to wait for the Intel 7th Generation Core ‘Kaby Lake’ desktop processor variants to be released, but we now know what is coming. Intel recently issued a product change noticication (#115022-00) that contains the actual names and frequencies of the upcoming Kaby Lake desktop processors. The Intel Core i7-7700K Processor appears to be the flagship part at launch with clock speeds of 4.2 GHz. Word on the street is that the base clock is 4.2 GHz and that the Turbo Boost clock speed will actually be 4.5 GHz on this quad-core processor with eight threads. The Intel Core i7-6700K ‘Skylake’ processor has a base clock of 4.0 GHz with a maximum Turbo Boost clock speed of 4.2 GHz at a voltage of 1.2V. This means that Kaby Lake will have a nice 200-300MHz stock clock speed advantage over the existing parts. The other ‘K’ sku that is going to be made available is the Intel Core i5-7600K quad-core processor that has a 3.8 GHz base clock and a Turbo Boost clock that is said to be over 4 GHz. Both of these processors feature unlocked designs that are aimed at enthusiasts and overclockers. Rumored priced will be $349 for the Core i7-7700K and $239 for the Core i5-7600K, which isn’t too bad. The Intel Core i7-6700K is available right now for $329.00 and the Core i5-6600K is $237.39 shipped. Hopefully these will come out before CES 2017, but many believe that Intel will be launching them around that time frame. Intel will also be releasing new chipsets to go along with these new processors, so get ready to see a number of Intel 200 series boards coming out soon as well. The top-end Intel Z270 boards will be aimed at enthusiasts, but there will also be the H270, B250, Q250 and Q270 boards for other market segments. Intel Kaby Lake processors will also work in most Intel 100 series boards after a UEFI update, so many can get a drop in upgrade if they felt the desire to upgrade. hapkiman LOL.. He means Moore’s law. Terry Perry Intel has hit a wall on Murphy Law it will cost Millions more to keep going. So the Smart thing there doing is working on Faster Ram and S.S.D. Arnulf Murphy’s Law huh? Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases IoT Partner Programs Expand to Form Stronger Alliances to Combat Complexity of an Expanding IoT Supplier Ecosystem Dell is expanding its partner program ecosystem with its series of IoT gateways, relying on partners like Action Point and Datatrend Technologies. Through a portal, Dell customers can search for the partners that will best fit their needs, based on a variety of metrics like vertical offerings and location. The initial program success is so strong that Dell aims to double its program members by the end of 2016. Similarly, Intel’s IoT Solution Alliance continues to create interoperable, secure solutions to drive efficiencies and deliver device system performance insights. Program members like Advantech and relayr help Intel differentiate its devices and the value they provide to end users. Partner programs drive value for parent organizations, like Dell and Intel, by expanding their ecosystem user base through their member company connections. The programs, in turn, drive value for member companies through incremental business opportunities. Finally, enterprises acquiring IoT capabilities enjoy faster time to market and potentially a more integrated solution. “Today’s successful partner programs are the ones striking the right balance between their number of partners and the overall product offering,” concludes Harbison. “It is not about having the biggest partner program; it is about working to forge new alliances with like-minded partners across multiple sectors and consistently delivering valuable IoT services to a broad range of customers. It is about learning how to adapt in the expanding IoT universe.” These findings are from ABI Research’s SI/VAR and Partner Program IoT Ecosystem Market Data (https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/product/1026029-sivar-and-partner-program-iot-ecosystem-ma/). This report is part of the company’s IoT, IoE & M2M sector (https://www.abiresearch.com/market-research/practice/ioe-enterprise-m2m/), which includes research, data, and analyst insights. About ABI Research ABI Research stands at the forefront of technology market research, providing business leaders with comprehensive research and consulting services to help them implement informed, transformative technology decisions. Founded more than 25 years ago, the company’s global team of senior and long-tenured analysts delivers deep market data forecasts, analyses, and teardown services. ABI Research is an industry pioneer, proactively uncovering ground-breaking business cycles and publishing research 18 to 36 months in advance of other organizations. For more information, visit www.abiresearch.com. Contact Info: Mackenzie Gavel                Tel: +1.516.624.2542                                                               pr@abiresearch.com Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151014/276887LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/iot-partner-programs-expand-to-form-stronger-alliances-to-combat-complexity-of-an-expanding-iot-supplier-ecosystem-300354981.html SOURCE ABI Research Related Links http://www.abiresearch.com Author ilsPosted on November 1, 2016November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: TINA.org Investigation of MyPillow Results in State Legal Action Next Next post: Dairy Ingredients Market by Type, Source, Nature, Application, and Region – Global Forecast to 2022 Search for: Search Recent Posts Author Meg Benjamin Releases Third Book In Her Contemporary Romance Salt Box Trilogy Blue Beautifly, botanical skin care company, announces its certification as a B Corporation Tata Elxsi collaborates with Tata Sky and Tata ClassEdge for interactive education Six Flags Severs Ties with Abusive Elephant Company AXT Brings Industry Leading Handheld XRF and LIBS Systems to Australia Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
null
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Wed, November 16, 2016 | 16:40    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Technology> Briefs> Posted : 2016-10-31 17:01 Updated : 2016-10-31 19:24   SKT, Intel join hands over self-driving tech SK Telecom CTO Choi Jin-sung, left, holds an agreement with Intel Korea President Kwon Myung-sook at the former's headquarters in central Seoul, Monday, for co-developing core technologies for autonomous vehicles. Both firms agreed to share their expertise in fifth-generation (5G) network systems and deep learning. / Courtesy of SK Telecom By Lee Min-hyung SK Telecom signed a deal with Intel, Monday, to develop fifth-generation (5G) network-based technologies for self-driving vehicles. Under the partnership the companies will co-develop vehicle-to-everything (V2X) technologies by combining their expertise in networks and deep learning. They agreed to showcase the 5G-connected technologies by placing them in vehicles next year. The nation's top mobile carrier plans to offer its big data-based image recognition technologies and vehicle network systems to Intel. The U.S.-based technology titan will also share its expertise in deep learning platforms and supply modules used for 5G networks. "The collaboration will become a technological building block in developing more services ahead of the introduction of autonomous vehicles," Choi Jin-sung, chief technology officer at SK Telecom, said in a statement. "Our long-term goal is to lead the industry by establishing an ecosystem to offer more value to our customers," he added. Intel Vice President Aicha Evans also said the company expects the partnership to set an example to create more innovative services in the autonomous vehicles industry. The company executive also pledged to spare no efforts in offering the firm's technological expertise from creating mobile devices to IT infrastructure systems with its wide range of 5G-related products. mhlee@ktimes.com 1. 160,000 Koreans in US illegally to face deportation under Trump presidency 2. Koreans also target of racist incidents after Trump victory 3. N. Koreans want Kim Jong-un's uncle to take over 4. Peace is a new norm at protest 5. Park has no way out but to give up power 6. Overseas Koreans join protests against Park Geun-hye 7. 3.5-magnitude earthquake jolts southern city of Boryeong 8. President faces questioning this week 9. President faces questioning this week 10. Train operator's pep talk to protesters | A police officer photographs protesters near the No.1 national treas... The Korea Duck Association and the Hankook Ilbo, a sister paper of T... John McEnroe Jr., the former world’s No. 1 tennis player, answ... Merck Korea Managing Director Michael Grund, right, and Incheon Free... First place finisher Shim Suk-hee of Korea races during the wom... Amway Korea CEO Park Se-joon, left, poses with Oh Chang-hee, chairma... An employee of Samsung C&T Corp. right, builds a brick wall alon... Cincinnati Bengals Dre Kirkpatrick, left, tackles New York Giants Ra... An LG Electronics employee promotes the company’s organic ligh... Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) employees pose after partic... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes      
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska OpsDataStore Introduces the First Platform for Data-Driven IT Operations New Relationships with Intel and Others Unlock Previously Hidden Insights Delivering Data-Driven Decisions News provided by OpsDataStore Nov 01, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article ATLANTA, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OpsDataStore, the company delivering the first real-time big data platform for data-driven IT operations, today announced OpsDataStore 1.2, and including key technical relationships such as Intel. The combination of metrics, objects and integrations from VMware vSphere, AppDynamics, Dynatrace, ExtraHop, and Intel enables customers to improve the performance and reliability of their business critical online systems, and optimize capacity without risking performance brownouts. The addition of the Intel DCM metrics specifically allows customers to safely reduce the OPEX costs of their server estate by allowing for better power consumption in the context of application performance and throughput. The combination of these metrics in OpsDataStore give customers the unprecedented ability to boost performance, increase capacity utilization and reduce OPEX costs in one platform. "As the platform for data-driven IT operations, we are thrilled to work with vendor partners that are leaders in their respective markets. That's why we are entering into relationships with Intel and others with OpsDataStore 1.2," said Bernd Harzog, CEO of OpsDataStore. "As a result of our collaboration, we are giving customers the best of both worlds – a fully integrated monitoring and capacity data platform with the ability to choose their vendor or open source feeds of data. Together, our ecosystem of partners is enabling revolutionary advances in end-to-end monitoring for clouds and DevOps, IT Operations Analytics, continuous real-time capacity analytics – with the ability of our customers to consume the related data in their choice of advanced BI tools like Tableau." Key features of OpsDataStore 1.2 include: Inclusion of Intel DCM power and thermal metrics in OpsDataStore 1.2: Integrated with existing utilization, performance and throughput metrics from the other partner vendors, delivering for the first time easy calculations of OPEX cost per VM and OPEX cost per transaction. Integration of the ExtraHop Wire Data: OpsDataStore now allows ExtraHop customers to integrate wire data for pervasively applicable performance (response time) and throughput metrics mapped into vSphere environments. This provides a breakthrough capability for performance and capacity management for private/hybrid clouds based upon vSphere. Automatic Time-of-Day and Day-of-Week baselines for every metric: Intelligent and automated root cause analysis leveraging deterministic topologies from the transactions through the infrastructure. Scalable Graph Computation: Clustered and scale-out graph computation allows OpsDataStore to compute and visualize large and complex transaction-to-infrastructure topologies on the fly. Customers can now know exactly which resources are being used by every transaction. Supporting Quotes "Intel DCM power and thermal data allows customers to realize significant OPEX savings in the operation of their data centers, and Intel resource utilization data is the foundation of the instrumentation architecture for the private/hybrid cloud," said Jeff Klaus, general manager of Data Center Solutions at Intel. "OpsDataStore combines our metrics with utilization and performance metrics, up through the rest of the stack; relating these metrics into end-to-end topologies." "OpsDataStore's position that no single vendor alone can tackle the challenges associated with big data and IT operations today is well aligned with ExtraHop," said John Leon, vice president of business development at ExtraHop. "By integrating wire data from ExtraHop, OpsDataStore is furthering its ability to provide customers the global insight they need to take advantage of the cloud's promise and transform IT operations in the process." To learn more about the OpsDataStore solution, please visit: www.opsdatastore.com. About OpsDataStore OpsDataStore provides enterprises the complete and real-time big data platform for data-driven IT operations, with operational transparency across the IT stack by providing a common data plane for all management data and vendors. OpsDataStore and its ecosystem of partners replace outdated frameworks with a modern best-of-breed solution to improve service quality, increase business agility and drive revenue. Founded in 2015, OpsDataStore is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. To read more, visit the OpsDataStore blog at opsdatastore.com/blog/. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151026/280726LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/opsdatastore-introduces-the-first-platform-for-data-driven-it-operations-300354729.html SOURCE OpsDataStore Related Links http://www.opsdatastore.com Jul 29, 2016, 13:32 ET Preview: Navis Deploys OpsDataStore to Provide a Holistic View of Virtual IT Environment and Accelerate Global Performance My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jul 29, 2016, 13:32 ETNavis Deploys OpsDataStore to Provide a Holistic View of Virtual... Explore More news releases in similar topics Internet Technology Computer Electronics Computer Software New Products & Services Small Business Services You just read: OpsDataStore Introduces the First Platform for Data-Driven IT Operations News provided by OpsDataStore Nov 01, 2016, 09:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Intel has had to adjust as demand for notebook and desktop computers fell. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 7:25AM Over the past three years or so, chip giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has been undergoing a significant transformation as the world around it has changed. The rise of smartphones and tablets, particularly as they have become powerful enough to handle tasks that were once only possible on personal computers, has negatively affected demand for notebook and desktop computers -- Intel's largest revenue source. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich holding an Intel Stratix 10 FPGA. Image source: Intel.  Let's look at three ways Intel has changed in that time, as the company's ongoing transformation should be of utmost interest to current and potential Intel investors.  Losses from mobile devices have fallen dramatically In 2013, Intel's Mobile and Communication Group (MCG), which builds chips aimed at devices such as smartphones and tablets, posted a $3.148 billion loss. Those losses expanded to around $4.2 billion during 2014 as the company began providing "contra-revenue" payments to its tablet processor customers for each Intel-powered tablet sold. Those payments, per Intel, were meant to offset the increased system-level costs associated with using Intel's Bay Trail chips relative to competing tablet platforms. Intel's Atom processors had a tough time competing with chips from rival chipmakers in the smartphone and tablet market. Image source: Intel.  Since then, Intel has been working to bring those losses down through several actions, including a reduction in contra-revenue, as its tablet processor shipments declined and the company improved the cost structures of its tablet platforms, and a significant reduction in operating expenses -- in other words, cutting or ending investments in future mobile products. The net result is that those losses dropped by "almost a billion" in 2015 -- note that Intel stopped breaking out MCG results in its earnings releases in early 2015 -- and the company said that it expects to improve that figure by $800 million, though CEO Brian Krzanich said a couple of quarters ago that the company will "shoot to do better than that." If we assume the mobile losses came down by $950 million in 2015, and by another $800 million in 2016, then the company should close out the year with those losses down to under $2.5 billion for the year. Since Intel's MCG and PC Client Group businesses have been merged into the new Client Computing Group, or CCG, any further improvement in the mobile-related losses will show up as an improvement in the operating profit of CCG -- Intel's largest business unit. Intel has embraced contract chip manufacturing work Before 2013, under previous CEO Paul Otellini, the company wasn't too keen on becoming a "general-purpose foundry" -- in other words, it didn't want to do contract chip manufacturing work for just any company. Intel's Fab 32 chip manufacturing facility. Image source: Intel.  In an interview conducted by Semiconductor Engineering in late 2012, Intel senior fellow Mark Bohr had the following to say about the company's strategy vis-a-vis contract chip manufacturing: "It's not Intel's goal to be a general-purpose foundry, but we will be partnering where it makes strategic sense." Then, when Krzanich took the reins as CEO, the company's tune changed dramatically, with stated plans in a late 2013 investor meeting for an "open foundry to any company able to utilize [Intel's] leading-edge silicon." Since then, Intel has forged partnerships with ARM Holdings, other semiconductor intellectual-property vendors, and electronic design automation tool vendors to enable a broader range of customers to build chips on its manufacturing technologies. Intel's foundry business doesn't generate much in the way of revenue today, but the company seems very intent on opening this up as a potential source of significant revenue. It takes a long time from design wins to revenue, but in three years we'll have a better idea of how much progress Intel is making here. Diversification away from the personal-computer market Although Intel has historically generated a very large portion of its revenue from sales of chips into personal computers, and thus has real incentive to make sure it can keep its revenues and profits here as high as possible, the reality is that the company can't count on this segment for sustainable, long-term revenue growth. To that end, the company has worked to grow its other business segments, such as the data center, the Internet of Things, programmable logic devices, and flash memory in an attempt to reduce its reliance on the personal-computer market. Intel's latest personal computer processor -- Kaby Lake. Image source: Intel.  In 2013, Intel's CCG represented 66% of the company's total revenue, per the company's 2015 annual report; that figure came down to 58% in 2015. In 2016, that figure is likely to come down further, as CCG is expected to decline while many of its other segments -- especially its large data-center group, accounting for about 29% of revenue in 2015 -- grow year over year. Although Intel isn't immune to declines in the personal-computer market, considering that more than half of the company's revenue still comes from it, its other businesses are in increasingly better shape to offset modest declines there going forward. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 7:25AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? What If Intel Corporation Loses 25% of the Server Market to ARM? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Possible Reasons for Intel Corporation's Increased Data-Center Spending Investments in complementary platform technologies, customized chips for major customers, and specialized workload accelerators all potentially contribute to the company's increased spending in its data-center biz. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Nov 1, 2016 at 8:16AM In a prior column, I went over why investors in Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) shouldn't freak out over the company's increased investments in its lucrative and fast-growing data-center group, or DCG. Intel's data-center chief, Diane Bryant. Image source: Intel.  Here, I'd like to go over three areas in which Intel is likely beefing up its investments within DCG. Complementary technologies The bulk of Intel's DCG revenue comes from the sale of processors and related chipsets, but the company has been talking up the growing importance of complementary non-processor components to its businesses. Intel's non-processor technologies are a small but rapidly growing part of its data-center biz. Image source: Intel.  The examples of such technologies that the company routinely cites in investor presentations are 3D XPoint memory modules, silicon photonics, and its proprietary Omni-Path fabric for high-performance computing applications. It seems likely that the company is spending more money to put additional development resources on these projects, particularly as the company is banking on these technologies to help boost the long-term growth rate of DCG. More custom processor projects Analyst Romit Shah recently postulated that part of the spending increases on Intel's part could be a "defense move" on Intel's part that could potentially include "more custom projects" in a bid to "stem market share loss." Indeed, back in 2014, Intel's data-center general manager, Diane Bryant, indicated that the company integrates custom features into its server processors for specific customers and is even working with potential customers on "fully custom" processors. Image source: Intel. Considering this, I wouldn't be surprised if the company were investing more in DCG to be able to support a greater number of semi-custom and fully custom processor projects for major high-volume customers, with, perhaps, the bar for what constitutes a "worthwhile" project coming down a bit. Accelerator technologies Intel has always been good at building very high-performance, power-efficient processors. Going forward, being able to build best-in-class processors will certainly continue to be a key point of differentiation and a large part of Intel's value proposition in the data center. Intel has also been more aggressive in pursuing technologies that can be used to dramatically speed up certain specialized workloads, broadly referred to as accelerators. Intel's Xeon Phi represents a key type of accelerator technology. Image source: Intel.  Accelerators come in many forms, from dedicated hardware integrated into the same chip as the main processor to co-processors that work alongside the main processors. Unsurprisingly, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich thinks that accelerator technologies can help to boost the growth of DCG. "So we look at those accelerators as enhancing this growth," Krzanich said on the company's most recent earnings call. He further went on to claim that Intel has the "widest" portfolio of accelerator technologies, "from FPGAs through the Xeon Phi and then into [application-specific integrated circuit] driven devices." It stands to reason, then, that to support this set of technologies and to develop even more of them down the line, the company is going to need to invest more in terms of money and human resources to develop them. It wouldn't surprise me one bit to learn that a doubling down on these accelerators was part of the spending increases in DCG. Investing now is the right thing to do The last thing Intel needs is to be caught flat-footed in its data-center business, so investing today to ensure that it's in a strong competitive position tomorrow is conceptually the right thing to do. Increased investments do hurt near-term profitability, which stockholders, particularly in businesses as large and mature as Intel, don't like. However, it's better to pay the price now and reap the rewards later than to maximize profitability now only to have things fall off a cliff down the line. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 8:16AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple You probably shouldn’t buy a new MacBook Pro right now Yoni Heisler BGR NewsNovember 1, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share While new product announcements from Apple are typically greeted with a certain amount of fanfare, the company's recently unveiled MacBook Pro hasn't exactly engendered a positive response. On the contrary, Apple's new MacBook Pro models have been blasted from all angles, with the overarching theme being that Apple has completely abandoned its core base of creative professionals. More specifically, Apple's new laptops have been criticized for being overpriced and for limiting the amount of RAM to 16GB. DON'T MISS: This is the most stunning iPhone 8 mockup yet, and it might be accurate If you count yourself among one of the many folks who find Apple's new Pro notebooks underwhelming, there's good news lurking on the horizon. According to a new research note from reputed analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple is already planning a MacBook Pro refresh during the second half of 2017 that will include a price reduction and support for 32GB of RAM. Originally published by MacRumors, Kuo's note indicates that Apple's revamped MacBook Pros will employ Intel's Cannonlake processors, assuming of course that they are ready to ship in time. ... the new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25% less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3. If Cannonlake doesn’t enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB. Indeed, the current MacBook Pros limit of 16GB of RAM has been a sticking point for many pro-oriented users who have been patiently awaiting new Pro laptops from Apple for some time. Addressing these RAM concerns, Apple executive Phil Schiller said that support for 32GB of RAM would "require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook." Delving further into the matter, the following comment from user Exploding_m1 on Reddit is worth highlighting. The true reason behind the lack of 32 GB or DDR4 is Intel. Skylake does not support LPDDR4 (LP for low power) RAM. Kabylake is set to include support, but only for the U category of chips. So no LPDDR4 support for mobile until 2018 I think. One example is the Dell XPS 13. On the Dell XPS 13 version, you cannot go for 32 GB of RAM. Meanwhile, the 15 inches does give you that option, but you have to sacrifice battery life for it. Another example is the surface book, they can't include 32gb. Only goes up to 16gb. These computers use LPDDR3 which is supported. Many mite make the argument that apple could have used the LPDDR3 version, but how would they look if they did that for the 15 inch MBP only? Regardless, it should at the very least be encouraging to see that Apple doesn't have plans to let the MacBook Pro stagnate any longer given that welcome updates to pricing and RAM support are reportedly on the horizon. Trending right now: John Oliver loses his mind over the latest Hillary Clinton email scandal This Galaxy Note 7 clone won’t explode in your hand Kodak’s new 21-megapixel smartphone is called the ‘Ektra’ See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Spotify has been quietly killing your SSD’s life for months BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech The first ‘Ghost in the Shell’ trailer is finally here BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? November 1 AAPL: 111.49 -2.05 Reports seemingly clarify Phil Schiller’s explanation of why there’s no 32GB MacBook Pro Ben Lovejoy - 2 weeks ago @benlovejoy MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Some of Apple’s decisions regarding the new MacBook Pro models are causing as much heated debate on the Internet as its removal of the headphone socket from the iPhone 7. In particular, the decision to limit the maximum RAM to 16GB rather than 32GB has been the subject of huge controversy. Phil Schiller briefly commented on this, stating that 32GB ‘wouldn’t be power-efficient enough for a notebook’ but without going into more detail. Others have now chimed in with what appears to be a fuller explanation … A Reddit poster suggested this was an Intel limitation, because Skylake currently doesn’t support the low-power RAM needed to offer 32GB. The true reason behind the lack of 32gb or DDR4 is Intel. Skylake does not support LPDDR4 (LP for low power) ram. Kabylake is set to include support, but only for the U category of chips. So no LPDDR4 support for mobile until 2018 I think. While neither Apple nor Intel has yet responded to my request for confirmation, the same explanation has been offered from multiple other sources – among them John Gruber, who said that he believes it to be true ‘from what Apple told me last week’ – as well as effectively confirmed by a KGI report referenced below. The only way to offer a 32GB RAM option would be to use desktop RAM, which is a lot more power-hungry – and would involve a big hit on battery life. There are laptops that offer 32GB by using desktop RAM, but this is achieved either by a thicker form factor to support the additional battery volume needed or – in the case of lightweight notebooks like Dell’s XPS 15 – by accepting the significantly-reduced battery life. Of course, confirmation of this wouldn’t end the controversy. Some argue that the type of power users who need 32GB RAM – such as those running multiple virtual machines – mostly use their Macs on mains power, so reduced battery life would be an acceptable trade-off. Others that a thicker machine would be a price worth paying for more RAM. However, the backlash against Apple announcing that the new MacBook Pro had a battery-life reduced from 10 hours to 5-6 would be far greater than that against the RAM limitation. Only a tiny minority need 32GB RAM today against the far greater numbers who appreciate the battery-life (many pro users commenting yesterday that they don’t always have access to mains power in the field). And while I personally would side with those willing to have greater thickness, Apple is pretty firmly committed to its never-ending quest for thinness. Of potentially greater concern is future-proofing. While 16GB is fine for most users today, we don’t know what app requirements might be 2-3 years from now in a machine many people keep for 4-5 years. KGI does hold out some hope, with a report that there’s likely to be a 32GB option in the second half of next year, when Intel releases its Canonlake processors. Again, though, this is dependent on Intel meeting its scheduled timeframes, which is not always a safe bet. As ever, let us know your thoughts and plans in the comments. Note: Disqus doesn’t seem to cope too well when there are hundreds of comments, as we saw yesterday. If your comment doesn’t appear immediately, please check back later in the day – we saw several comments posted multiple times yesterday by those who thought their comment had been lost or deleted. Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Login _ Welcome to TechSpot Why should I register? Sign up for a new account or log in here: Forgot your password? Couldn't sign you in, please try again. Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Google+ Twitter YouTube Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Intel leaks desktop Kaby Lake processor and chipset details By Tim Schiesser on Oct 31, 2016, 6:00 PM 24 comments TechSpot Intel wasn't expected to officially reveal their line-up of Kaby Lake desktop processors until early next year, as the company announced at IDF several months ago. However, they have essentially leaked details of their own unannounced CPUs through a product change notification (PCN) document, which was intended for manufacturing partners but published publicly. In the PCN document, Intel lists ten desktop-class Kaby Lake Core processors and one Xeon product, along with their base clock speeds and product codes. As expected, Intel is using a similar naming scheme to Skylake: K-designators for unlocked 95W parts, T-designators for low-power 35W parts, and no suffix for regular 65W parts. We can also expect to see a similar core configuration here, with Core i7 products receiving four cores and eight threads, while Core i5 CPUs get four cores and four threads. Cheaper Core i3 parts will be dual-core with four threads. The main change moving from Skylake to Kaby Lake appears to be a slight increase in base clock speeds, somewhere in the 100 to 300 MHz range depending on model. Intel's refined 14nm+ manufacturing process allows these clock speed gains at no cost to power consumption, and users can also look forward to minor Speed Shift improvements as well. A separate document has revealed Intel's upcoming chipset names, and again they aren't a massive surprise. At the top end we're looking at the Z270 chipset, while we can also expect H270, B250, Q270 and Q250. Additionally, Intel revealed the C422 and X299 chipsets, which could be next-generation products for server and enthusiast processors respectively. Related Reads Leaked roadmap reveals Intel's plans for Kaby Lake, Apollo Lake-powered NUCs Intel 'Kaby Lake' processors set for release later this year Intel's 10nm 'Cannonlake' delayed, replaced by 14nm 'Kaby Lake' 24 comments 149 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Kaby Lake desktop lineup may include an overclockable Core i3 EVGA patch prevents GeForce 10-series cards from going up in flames What is aggregate CPU frequency and why is it wrong? Load Comments 24 ... User Comments: 24 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 8 Rebuilding a PC 14 I am going to build my next super PC Please tell me your thoughts 10 Budget gaming build 17 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 110 Which is your favorite PC component manufacturer? Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2016 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Cognosec AB awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner status 01 November 2016 – International leader in IT security, GRC and PCI services, Cognosec AB (Nasdaq: COGS), has announced that Intel Security has awarded it Security Platinum Partner Status, the highest level attainable under the Intel Security Partner Program. This applies to the company’s operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, including the UK, Germany, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates, Kenya and South Africa. In addition, Cognosec’s South African subsidiary DRS was the first to achieve the Intel Security Service Delivery Specialisation globally. This specialisation will allow the company to enhance its offering by providing a complete Intel Security service to customers. “To be awarded Security Platinum Partner status is the greatest achievement in the Intel Security Partner Program. The same applies to the Service Delivery Specialisation award. This reinforces the fact that we are a top tier IT provider, and committed to offering our customers the very best service and products,” says Robert Brown, CEO of Cognosec AB. Intel Security Platinum Partner status can only be achieved through a demonstrated commitment to customer satisfaction, competency, and revenue growth. “Platinum Partners have proven solution and services capabilities to manage the largest and most complex security deployments. As a result, these Partners receive the highest level of benefits and the option to achieve a Support Provider Specialisation,” says Rob Percy, Intel EMEA Channel Programs Manager, “Cognosec are an experienced and respected partner with a successful track record in understanding the security challenges facing us today, and have a proven ability providing solutions that deliver the business outcomes required. Their expertise will continue to be a valuable asset to Intel Security and the customers that we both serve.” Brown adds that the Intel Security Partner Program was designed with growth and flexibility in mind, and that Cognosec AB – and all the subsidiary companies – are looking forward to growing the partnership with Intel in the years ahead. “It aims to meet the needs of partners’ growing businesses. As they invest more in the relationship with Intel Security via certifications and training, they gain greater rewards, and increased commitment from the company. As a long-term Intel Security partner, we have seen the support that the company offers, and our dedication to gaining the highest rank has been validated in this achievement.” Intel Security Solution Providers are reseller partners with one or more areas of expertise among Intel’s Security solutions, Brown explains. “Solution Providers are able to tailor the programme to fit their specific interests, as well as business needs and goals. An example would be taking a sales approach, with technology support and implementation as the focus.” The group boasts several other Intel Security certifications, which are individual designations removed from the general partner programme levels or specialisations. “We have employees who carry a full range of product certifications. In the Intel Security Certified Product Specialist, we offer Data Loss Prevent Endpoint (DLPe), ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO), Host Intrusion Prevention (HIPs), Network Security Platform (NPS/IPS), Next Generation Firewall (NGFW), and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM).” “We are dedicated to helping our customers’ organisations run better and smarter by providing intelligent security solutions with key partners like Intel,” adds Brown. “We are delighted to be recognised by Intel Security, and raised to Platinum Partner status, for the continual support, expertise and solutions we’re able to offer to our customers – all of which we will continue to improve on in the years to come.” BRIEFING ON COGNOSEC Cognosec AB (publ) is a Group of specialist cybersecurity companies with the parent company in Sweden, and operating internationally through subsidiaries in United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden, South Africa, Kenya, and the United Arab Emirates. The Group delivers security, governance, risk and compliance services to help clients across a variety of industries – including banking and finance, government, healthcare, manufacturing and retail – to protect themselves against security threats. The Cognosec Group reports revenues of 16 826 TEUR for the full year 2015. For more information, please visit www.cognosec.se Media contacts: For Cognosec AB: Magnus Stuart, IR Officer T: +46 706 211 350 Email: ir1@cognosec.com UK Media Aidan Murphy / Lindsey Challis Finn Partners Cognosec@FinnPartners.com +44 (0)20 3217 7060 Source: http://www.realwire.com/rss/recent.asp?row=100&view=full Link: Cognosec AB awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner status Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Doors open to Global MilSatCom, Europe's leading military satellite communications event next week Next Next post: Nothing to Wear? Teenpreneur Creates FriendIts, App That Opens (Closet) Doors and Makes Borrowing Clothes with Friends Easier Search for: Search Recent Posts Insomnia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics Development Market Review H2 2016 McKay Brothers Slashes Latency Between Tokyo and Singapore Diet Doc Provides Pharmacy-Grade Weight Loss Solutions and Customized Diet Plans With Ketogenic Diet Reliance Group Invests USD 12 MN in Realty Firm Square Yards Direct2Guests Announces Integration of the Guest Connect Platform with Hotel's in-room Televisions Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search CMOs First on Firing Line When Companies Miss Growth Goals By Jack Neff - 11 minutes ago Array 0 10 Digital Marketing Innovators You Should Know By Garett Sloane - 11 minutes ago Array 0 Like It or Not, Donald Trump Is a Purpose-Driven Brand By Ken Wheaton - 11 minutes ago Array 0 WTF Was Apple Thinking With the New MacBook Pro By Shelly Palmer - 11 minutes ago Array 0 Macy's Will Debut First Parade-Focused Spot This Thanksgiving By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 minutes ago Array 0 How to Sell the Ultimate (Self-Driving) Machine By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Impending DraftKings-FanDuel Merger Won't Move the Needle on Ad Spend By Anthony Crupi - 13 hours ago 0 AB InBev Names New U.S. Marketing VP Amid Bud Light Decline By E.J. Schultz - 14 hours ago 0 General Mills Names 72andSunny, Redscout as Creative Leads By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 17 hours ago 0 Political Groups Flood TV With Ads Targeted by the Household By Kate Kaye - 21 hours ago 0 General Mills Names 72andSunny, Redscout as Creative Leads By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - 17 hours ago 0 Your Questions Answered: Virtual Reality, Augmented Reality and 360 Video By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 AB InBev Names New U.S. Marketing VP Amid Bud Light Decline By E.J. Schultz - 14 hours ago 0 How to Sell the Ultimate (Self-Driving) Machine By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Live Nation Uses Wi-Fi and Geofencing to Connect Sponsors with Fans By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US DigitalNext WTF Was Apple Thinking With the New MacBook Pro By Shelly Palmer. Published on November 01, 2016. On October 27, 2016, Apple introduced a new MacBook Pro line. Credit: Apple Most Popular Apple announced the 2016 upgrade to its MacBook Pro laptops. They are really expensive. They feature last year's Intel processors. They require adaptors (dongles) for every accessory you already own such as your hard drive, jump drive, HDMI, SD card reader and power cable (goodbye MagSafe). And, incredible as it might sound, they feature a 3.5mm headphone jack. So much for Apple's "time to ditch the 100-year-old headphone jack" story from its iPhone 7 launch. (See: Apple iPhone 7: Are You F#$king Kidding Me? for details) All of which elicits my somewhat incredulous response, Apple MacBook Pro 2016: WTF? Should You Buy One? Before I get into what's awesome and what's puzzling about the new MacBook Pros, there is one model that is probably worth all of the WTF-ness, the purchasing of new dongles, the revision of workflows, the transition from Thunderbolt 2 to Thunderbolt 3, and all the pain and expense that will come with it: the top-of-the-line MacBook Pro 15-inch (available in Space Gray or Silver), which includes four Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports, the new Touch Bar, Force Touch trackpad, and Touch ID, configured as follows: · 2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz · 16GB 2133MHz memory · 2TB PCIe-based SSD · Radeon Pro 460 with 4GB memory This configuration (only available on apple.com) is listed at $4,299.00. If you want Apple Care (a warranty extension that makes sense only if you read the fine print), it will cost you an additional $349.00. Now let's add a few dongles so you can use your existing Thunderbolt 2 external drives, video encoders, HDMI monitors and peripherals, and all the USB devices you have in your world. You'll probably want to purchase the following: Three (3) Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) to Thunderbolt 2 Adapters -- Price: $49.00 each (For your existing Thunderbolt monitors, drives, audio/video interfaces, etc.) One (1) USB-C to Lightning Cable (1 m) -- Price: $25.00 (To connect your iPhone) One (1) USB-C to Gigabit Ethernet Adapter -- Price: $34.95 (To plug your computer into the internet if you don't have awesome WiFi available) Three (3) USB-C to USB Adapters -- Price: $19.00 (To plug in printers, scanners, jump drives, hard drives, DVD/CD drives, etc.) One (1) USB-C to VGA Adapter -- Price: $24.95 (To be equipped to present in any low-tech meeting room in the world) One (1) USB-C to HDMI Adapter -- Price: $19.95 (To plug into an HD or 4K monitor or HDMI peripheral) All in, including approximate sales tax (8.875% in NY), the total price is $5,390.57. Is it worth it? Is any laptop worth the better part of $5,400? Only if you want (or need) the greatest MacBook Pro ever built. It is crazy expensive, but with a 2TB PCIe-based SSD, 16GB memory and this graphics card … it will empower you in ways no MacBook Pro has empowered you before. It is simply awesome! What About All the Other Models? This is where WTF becomes a real question. If you're not going for the very top of the line, you are spending a lot of money for a few relatively minor new features, last year's processor and some exceptional inconveniences. The low-end, lower-priced 13″ models have only two USB-C ports and one 3.5mm headphone jack. You'll use one for power, and that leaves you one port to handle all of your accessories. While the highest-priced 13″ with the Touch Bar does have four USB-C ports, it is only available with 1TB of SSD storage, which makes it almost identical to the 1TB all-singing, all-dancing 13″ MacBook Pro from 2014/2015 which has a Retina display, an HDMI port, two Thunderbolt 2 ports, an SD card reader, a MagSafe power port, two USB ports and a 3.5mm headphone jack. I cannot see a reason to upgrade from a top-of-the-line 13″ 2014/2015 MacBook Pro to the 2016 model. The Touch Bar just won't add enough capability or wow factor to justify the investment. Is There Anything to Like About the Upgraded MacBook Pros? There is plenty to like about the new MacBooks (except the 13″ entry-level model, which at $1,499 is really not an upgrade; it's just someone's "crazy expensive" first MacBook Pro). The Touch Bar is a super-neat trick and will be very useful. The Touch ID will be more helpful for Apple Pay than it will be for consumers, but it has a bit of a hidden benefit. You can switch profiles by putting your finger on the Touch ID. This is wonderful news if you are significantly inconvenienced by the current process (Shift-Command-Q and enter your password). I also think people will find behavior-changing uses for the Force Touch trackpad, assuming it has near-perfect palm-rejection capabilities. You will always be resting your palms on the 46 percent bigger touchpad. They Are Works of Art Yes, I am asking a very serious WTF about some of the choices Apple made in this "upgrade." I was incensed by Apple's choice to remove the 3.5mm headphone jack from the iPhone 7, and I'm doubly incensed by its decision to force the universe to immediately adopt the USB-C port as the "one and only true peripheral and power port." But that said, these are the best MacBook Pros Apple has ever made. They look amazing! Actually, they are amazing! And though I am absolutely unapologetic for this rant, one thing is certain: when you experience the new MacBook Pro, touch one, or even just see one -- you're going to want one. They are works of art. In this article: Consumer Electronics DigitalNext Guest Columnists Shelly Palmer Named one of LinkedIn’s Top 10 Voices in Technology, Shelly Palmer is CEO of The Palmer Group, a strategic advisory, technology solutions and business development practice focused at the nexus of media and marketing with a special emphasis on augmented intelligence and data-driven decision-making. He is Fox 5 New York's on-air tech and digital media expert and a regular commentator on CNBC and CNN. Follow @shellypalmer or visit shellypalmer.com. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → Leading stocks in today’s market: Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Leading stocks in today’s market: Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) John Dagger November 1, 2016 0 Comment INTC, Intel Corporation, NASDAQ, Semiconductor - Broad Line, Technology With its market value over its outstanding shares, Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Semiconductor – Broad Line has a market capitalization valued at Semiconductor – Broad Line. As the outstanding stock of Intel Corporation NASDAQ:INTC Semiconductor – Broad Line is bought and sold in the stock market, the current market cap indicates the existing public opinion of the net worth of Intel Corporation INTC Semiconductor – Broad Line. The existing figure surely determines the key factor in some forms of the stocks valuation. The present market cap reflects only on the equity of NASDAQ:INTC Semiconductor – Broad Line and is vital to note that the firm’s choice of capital structure holds a substantial impact on how the aggregate value of the company allocated within the equity and debt. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Semiconductor – Broad Line has a Price Earning Ratio of 16.39, which in return shows a value of 12.42 on the Forward PE Ratio. The current PEG for Intel Corporation NASDAQ:INTC is valued at 1.64 with a P/S value of 2.86. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Semiconductor – Broad Line prevailing Dividend Yield is 2.98% that has a Payout Ratio of 34.60%. The firm has an EPS value of 2.13, resultantly displaying an EPS growth for this year at 0.80%. Intel Corporation INTC measures an EPS growth for 2017 at a rate of 5.48% that consequently shows an EPS growth of 3.00% for the past five years, and an EPS growth of 10.00% for the following five years. Return on Assets (ROA) for Intel Corporation NASDAQ:INTC Semiconductor – Broad Line is currently valued at 9.70%. Company’s Return on Investment (ROI) shows a figure of 13.60%. The Current Ratio of Intel Corporation NASDAQ:INTC Semiconductor – Broad Line is 1.8 and the Quick Ratio measures to be 1.5. The Long Term Debt/Equity is valued 0.38 with the Total Debt/Equity of 0.44. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Semiconductor – Broad Line exhibits an Operating Margin of 21.70% and a Gross Margin of 61.60%, therefore, displaying a Profit Margin of 17.90%. The 20-Day Simple Moving Average is determined at -4.32% that showed a 200-Day Simple Moving Average of 6.86%. The current Stock Price for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Semiconductor – Broad Line is 34.87 with a change in price of 0.37%. Intel Corporation INTC showed a Day High of -9.10% in today’s Market that also showed a Day Low of 0.46%. Its 52-Week High was -9.10% and 52-Week Low was 28.03%. Disclaimer:  Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source.  Share This Post You might also like: Beverages – Soft Drinks: Coca-Cola European Partners Plc (NYSE:CCE) Position of the day Oil & Gas Refining & Marketing: Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX) Position of the day Wireless Communications: TELUS Corporation (NYSE:TU) Position of the day Medical Instruments & Supplies: Baxter International Inc. (NYSE:BAX) Position of the day Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Safe Loan! © Copyright 2016
News Research Finance Page 2 Supply chain window On Display Marketing Advanced 中文 繁體 | 簡體 Facebook Twitter Register Login Taipei, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 15:41 (GMT+8) Taipei 27°C Home IT + CE Mobile + telecom Bits + chips Displays LED Green energy What's hot: Foxlink HTC wireless PC PC, CE Portable ICT manufacturing IT components, peripherals Server, IPC, cloud computing Software DIGITIMES login page Sorry, the page you are trying to open is available only for our paid subscribers. - Please sign in below if you wish to continue - New users, please register Login Save my User ID and Password NEW users please register first. I forgot my ID and/or password? For any problems contact webmaster or email questions and comments to editor Realtime news AUO starts production at 6G LTPS LCD plant in China Displays | 29min ago Taiwan IC production value to fall 4.8% in 4Q16, says IEK Bits + chips | 1h 3min ago India market: Smartphone shipments grow 17.5% in 3Q16, says IDC Mobile + telecom | 1h 21min ago Nvidia and MediaTek fastest-growing semiconductor companies for 2016, says IC Insights Bits + chips | 1h 35min ago Pause  |  View more Latest Digitimes news Digitimes Research: Cellular M2M IoT to be fast developing in China E Ink expects drop in 4Q16 revenues Proportion of notebooks for single-spindle models to rise significantly in 2017, say Taiwan makers Era of Silicon 4.0: TSIA chairman talks about virtual Moore's Law Inventec expects 2017 hand-held device shipments to grow 17.2-20.7% Demand for AMOLED panels from China smartphone vendors rising HTC announces wireless upgrade kit for HTC Vive TSMC orders NT$2.4 billion worth of facility equipment for Nanjing site SMIC, IMECAS cooperate on MEMS R&D and foundry Equipment maker Foxsemicon posts record 3Q16 profits PC supply chain seeing replacement trend in DIY market in 2H16 Gintech reports losses for 3Q16 Fujifilm to open new plant for advanced IC materials in Taiwan Giga Solar Materials nets NT$9.19 per share for 3Q16 Neo Solar Power suffers 3Q16 operating loss of NT$1.786 billion GIS 3Q16 operations turn profitable Acer strengthens ties with Tobii to develop VR devices with eye-tracking technology Router maker DrayTek reports earnings for 3Q16 Clevo ships nearly 160,000 notebooks in October Taiwan Chinsan reports strong earnings for 3Q16 Foxlink sees earnings rebound in 3Q16 Certification service provider IST acquires new factory for NT$356 million Smartphone shipments to grow at single-digit rates through 2020, says IC Insights Packaging material supplier Chang Wah 3Q16 profits rise 68% JOLED to offer prototype printed OLED panels, says Nikkei Market summary 16-Nov-2016 markets closed   Last Change TAIEX (TSE) 8931.03 -9.37 -0.1%  TSE electronic 358.33 -0.76 -0.21%  GTSM (OTC) 119.6 +0.08 +0.07%  OTC electronic 156.93 -0.44 -0.28%  View more Around the web Siemens to buy Mentor Graphics amid push to digitize heavy industry (Nov 14) - Wall Street Journal Dolby drags Oppo and Vivo to court; demands royalties for unlicensed use of proprietary technology (Nov 11) - Firstpost Exclusive: Siemens nears deal to buy Mentor Graphics - sources (Nov 13) - Reuters Intel's build-from-scratch Aero Ready to Fly Drone Kit will take off next month (Nov 9) - PC World Intel's virtual reality plan: Focus on sports and live events (Nov 9) - Motley Fool AMD targets gaming, VR content creators with new Radeon graphics cards (Nov  - eWeek Samsung applied patent for fingerprint swipe gestures (Oct 27) - Android Community Filing suggests Apple investing big in OLED supply, increasing capital expenditure (Nov 8) - Apple Insider Latest from Digitimes Research Reports Analysis Data Taiwan handsets – 2Q 2016 China smartphone AP shipments - 2Q 2016 Global tablet market – 2Q 2016 China smartphone market and industry – 2Q 2016 More reports Digitimes Research: Growing use of facial recognition increases demand for IR LED devices Digitimes Research: Japan CE market sees decreased DSLR sales, focus on VR, takeoff of drone demand in 3Q16 Digitimes Research: Worldwide notebook shipments grow sequentially in 3Q16 More analysis 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 More interactive charts Supply chain window Sponsor zone Releases White papers Bulletin 'd!conomy – no limits': Keynote theme at CeBIT 2017 reveals the enormous potential afforded by digitalization Frontline PCB Solutions announces a company rebrand NVIDIA drives AI revolution, an ultimate challenge to GPU computing Orbotech presents new, innovative digital production solutions at TPCA 2016 Microsoft IoT Expo 2016 builds partnership and seeks service-oriented and touched applications More releases Unisys IT Implementation of Unisys Stealth Solution for Data Center Segmentation Getting the Most Out Of Your Next Generation Digital Security Surveillance System Embracing the New Generation Intel Atom Family with DDR3 Memory Support Got The Message? Ensuring efficient and reliable delivery of content across a mission critical digital signage network Emb' Store On-Demand Software Service for Embedded Computing More white papers Perforce Software Wins Develop Industry Excellence Award for the Second Year in a Row Perforce Teams with Leading Git Client Developer fournova Perforce Introduces Helix GitSwarm: Flexible Git Ecosystem Mirrored to a Powerful Mainline Repository Perforce Helix Distributed Version Control System Brings Greater Flexibility While Maintaining Enterprise-class Security, Auditability and Control Perforce Powers Development of Legacy Quest for iOS and Android More in bulletin On display 1 2 3 Asustek ZenWatch 3 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Xplova X5 smartwatchPhoto: Company, Sep 13. Apple Watch Series 2 smartwatchesPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Apple iPhone 7 and 7 PlusPhoto: Company, Sep 8. Polar M600Photo: Company, Aug 4. Samsung Galaxy Note 7Photo: Company, Aug 3. Acer TravelMate X349 Photo: Company, Jul 25. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Mini ITX OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 14. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 Windforce OC Edition graphics cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Samsung 256GB UFS cardPhoto: Company, Jul 13. Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1070 G1 Gaming graphics card Photo: Company, Jul 1. AMD to release first Polaris graphics card soonPhoto: Michael Lee, Digitimes, Jun 3. Page 2 Hot Systems Digitimes Research: 4 million 9.7-inch iPad Pros to ship in 1H16 Digitimes Research: Global all-in-one PC shipments to drop 3.9% on year in 2015 Digitimes Research: iPad Pro shipments to be less than 3 million units in 4Q15 Digitimes Research: Intel processor shipments rely on Windows tablets for growth Digitimes Research: Tablets with phone functionality from white-box players to suffer over 15% decline in 2Q15 More Page 2 Apple introduces iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus Acer unveils cycling computer Gigabyte launches two new GeForce GTX 1070 graphics cards Gigabyte launches graphics card with Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPU AMD announces new workstation graphics card with 32GB memory More Hot Systems Topics Taiwan notebook ODMs Taiwan notebook Original Design Manufacturers (ODMs) account for more than 90% of global notebook production and Digitimes is there to provide daily... HTC Vive HTC is banking on its VR device to revive its business Virtual reality on the rise Virtual reality has become the latest topic of the PC industry with players such as Samsung, HTC, Google and Sony, all aggressively pushing into. Android The early success Google's Android platform has achieved in the handset market has caused system makers, software developers and semiconductor players... Frankly speaking Industry intros Potential of wireless charging technology: Q&A with WPC chairman Menno Treffers To help foster the development of related wireless charging technology in Taiwan, the Wireless Power... Business planning in the cloud: Q&A with Anaplan Silicon Valley based Anaplan, a cloud-based planning and performance management platform provider,... The gaming notebook competition: Q&A with Jone Chang from Gigabyte notebook department Gaming notebooks have become the main focus of Gigabyte Technology's notebook department and despite... Powering the cloud: Intel embraces new identity The next wave of computing is now beginning to define the IT industry, where the boundaries of computing... More interviews Smartphone and tablet industry: The view from Taiwan - May 2012 Taiwan-based companies have a long and successful history of involvement in the supply chain for mobile devices, which for the purposes of this article consist... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - May 2012 The year 2011 saw the motherboard industry reverse its trend of declining shipments year-on-year, to post a slight 0.2% growth. This upturn in fortunes was expected... Notebook market overview - Jun 2011 The notebook industry in 2010 experienced several major events that significantly changed the industry's ecosystem for the year and the industry is also believed... Taiwan motherboard industry overview - Jun 2011 The motherboard industry began 2010 with optimism and expected to see a reversal of the previous two years' declines in revenues and shipments as the impact of... More industry intros Sponsored links Wireless broadband developments in Southeast Asia markets As of 2013, the 10 ASEAN nations had a total of over 700 million mobile subscriptions, with the CAGR from 2003-2013 reaching 24%. This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the various mobile broadband markets in ASEAN and looks at the respective trends in 4G LTE development for those markets. 2015 global tablet demand forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report provides a 2015 forecast for the global tablet market and analyzes the strategies of key market players such as Google, Apple, Intel, and Microsoft. 2015 China smartphone panel trend forecast This Digitimes Research Special Report analyzes the strategies of key China-based major panel makers BOE, Tianma and IVO for attacking the different market segments through technology and pricing, and their relationship to local vendors Huawei, Lenovo, ZTE, Xiaomi and Coolpad. Buy link TAG CLOUD China Taiwan EPS Mobile devices revenues notebook 2016 3Q16 Acer Asustek Mobile components demand 2017 shipments 10 days cloud DIGITIMES About Advertising Marketing Membership Terms & conditions Privacy policy Contact us Notes & corrections Site map Channels News Research Finance Industry intros Page 2 Supply chain window Hot systems On display Tools & services Before going to press On demand Frankly speaking Around the web Topics Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Account New user Login Members only Login to read more © DIGITIMES Inc. All rights reserved. Please do not republish, publicly broadcast or publicly transmit content from this website without written permission from DIGITIMES Inc. Please contact us if you have any questions.
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  News Semiconductors Processors Breaking the Multicore Bottleneck Simple hardware speeds core-to-core communication By Samuel K. Moore Posted 28 Oct 2016 | 15:00 GMT Advertisement Editor's Pick Multicore CPU: Processor Proliferation Photo: Intel It’s Getting Crowded:  This Intel Haswell-EX Xeon E7 V3 processor has 18 cores trying to work together without messing up one another’s calculations. A bit of additional hardware could speed up communication among the cores. Researchers at North Carolina State University and at Intel have come up with a solution to one of the modern microprocessor’s most persistent problems: communication among the processor’s many cores. Their answer is a dedicated set of logic circuits they call the Queue Management Device, or QMD. In simulations, integrating the QMD with the processor’s on-chip network at a minimum doubled core-to-core communication speed and, in some cases, boosted it much further. Even better, as the number of cores was increased, the speedup became more pronounced. In the last decade, microprocessor designers started putting multiple copies of processor cores on a single die as a way to continue the rate of performance improvement computer makers had enjoyed without causing chip-killing hot spots to form on the CPU. But that solution comes with complications. For one, it means that software programs have to be written so that work is divided among processor cores. The result: Sometimes different cores need to work on the same data or must coordinate the passing of data from one core to another.  “We have to improve performance by improving energy efficiency. The only way to do that is to move some software to hardware”—Yan Solihin, North Carolina State University  To prevent the cores from wantonly overwriting one another’s information, processing data out of order, or committing other errors, multicore processors use lock-protected software queues. These are data structures that coordinate the movement of and access to information according to software-defined rules. But all that extra software comes with significant overhead, which only gets worse as the number of cores increases. “Communications between cores is becoming a bottleneck,” says Yan Solihin, a professor of electrical and computer engineering who led the work at NC State, in Raleigh. The solution—born of a discussion with Intel researchers and executed by Solihin’s student, Yipeng Wang, at Intel and at NC State—was to turn the software queue into hardware. This effectively turned three multistep ­software-queue operations into three simple instructions: Add data to the queue, take data from the queue, and put data close to where it’s going to be needed next. Compared with just using the software solution, the QMD sped up a sample task such as packet ­processing—like network nodes do on the Internet—by a greater and greater amount the more cores were involved. For 16 cores, QMD worked 20 times as fast as the software could. Once they achieved this result, the researchers realized that the QMD might be able to do a few other tricks—such as turning more software into hardware. They added more logic to the QMD and found it could speed up several other core-communications-dependent functions, including MapReduce, a technology Google pioneered for distributing work to different cores and collecting the results. Srini Devadas, an expert in cache control systems at MIT, says the QMD addresses “a very important problem.” Devadas’s own solution for the use of caches by multiple cores—or even multiple processors—is more radical than the QMD. Called Tardis [PDF], it’s a complete rewrite of the cache management rules, and so it is a solution aimed at processors and systems of processors further in the future. But QMD, Devadas says, has nearer-term potential. “It’s the kind of work that would motivate Intel—putting in a small piece of hardware for a significant improvement.” The Intel researchers involved couldn’t comment on whether QMD would find its way into future processors. However, they are actively researching its potential. (Wang is now a research scientist at Intel.) The researchers hope that QMD, among other extensions of the concept, can simplify communication among the cores and the CPU’s input/output system. Solihin, meanwhile, is inventing other types of hardware accelerators. “We have to improve performance by improving energy efficiency. The only way to do that is to move some software to hardware. The challenge is to figure out which software is used frequently enough that we could justify implementing it in hardware,” he says. “There is a sweet spot.” Advertisement Recommended For You The Role of RTK GPS in Survey Result Accuracy Video Friday: Robot Dance Contest, 500 Drones Flying, and Steady Humanoid Doctors Still Struggle to Make the Most of Computer-Aided Diagnosis Brain and Spine Implants Let a Paralyzed Monkey Walk Again Wanted: Smart Public Policy for Internet of Things Security Sensor Monitors Kids' Screen Time Learn More MapReduce core-to-core communications multicore processors on-chip networks parallel computing Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Mobile Site Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2016 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2016 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Business More News Features Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger Patrick Norton More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best Of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Home > Computing > Lenovo issues a new Yoga 2-in-1 BIOS enabling… Lenovo issues a new Yoga 2-in-1 BIOS enabling Linux following conspiracy accusations By Kevin Parrish — October 31, 2016 12:40 PM Subscribe to this topic Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Lenovo recently caved in to criticism over many of its Yoga 900 laptops that incorporated Windows 10 Signature Edition by releasing a BIOS update that allows owners to install Linux-based operating systems. The company was the target of scrutiny last month when customers accused it of conspiring with Microsoft by blocking the installation of non-Windows platforms at the firmware level. The accusations started on a Reddit thread, with customers claiming that Lenovo teamed up with Microsoft to lock down Yoga 900 laptops by keeping the installed solid state drives in RAID mode via the BIOS. The problem is that the RAID mode relies on a proprietary SSD driver from Intel, which is compatible with Windows 10. That means if Linux is somehow installed on the device, the operating system can’t see the SSD because there is no available driver. AHCI, which is supported by Linux, is disabled in the firmware and can’t be changed. Related: Hardware specs for Lenovo’s upcoming Miix 720 show seventh-gen Intel processors AHCI is a standard created by Intel, and is short for Advance Host Controller Interface. It is hardware that enables software to communicate with devices that connect to the SATA interface, such as a hard drive or SSD. RAID, on the other hand, stands for Redundant Array of Independent Disks. It is another type of disk management for configuring one or more drives. These drives can be combined as one single volume (C:), used as two separate storage volumes (C: and D:), or set up in a primary/mirrored configuration (C: only). Typically, when OEMs like Lenovo and HP provide desktop and laptop devices with Windows already installed, they come with what is called “bloatware” or “crapware,” which is unnecessary software that takes up precious memory and hard drive space, bogging down the PC. Windows 10 Signature Edition is a clean install of Microsoft’s platform without any additional software from the OEM. Unfortunately, that doesn’t stop retailers like Best But from including their own bloatware. Lenovo responded to accusations of conspiring with Microsoft on a Lenovo Yoga 900 product review listed on Best Buy. The review was posted on September 20, and was followed by Lenovo’s response on September 21. “To improve system performance, Lenovo is leading an industry trend of adopting RAID on the SSDs in certain product configurations. Lenovo does not intentionally block customers using other operating systems on its devices and is fully committed to providing Linux certifications and installation guidance on a wide range of products,” said a Lenovo Product Expert. “Unsupported models will rely on Linux operating system vendors releasing new kernel and drivers to support features such as RAID on SSD.” A Lenovo Product Expert made a statement on another product review posted on Best Buy accusing Lenovo of  locking the BIOS to prevent Linux installs. According to this company representative, the system was locked due to Lenovo’s agreement with Microsoft to provide Windows 10 Signature Edition on the Yoga 900 devices. Naturally, that statement added fuel to the fire. However, Lenovo recently denied that it intentionally blocked the installation of non-Microsoft platforms, and asserted that it could not confirm its relationship with the Product Experts who were providing feedback on Best Buy device reviews. The company followed its denial with a new BIOS to install on the Yoga 900-13ISK2 model that enables customers to use Linux on that specific device. The release notes confirm that the new BIOS creates an AHCI SATA Controller Mode selection so that users can switch to AHCI and install Linux. The new BIOS is not meant for customers who plan on using the Windows 10 Signature Edition installation that came with the device. Also watch: Lenovo Yoga Book Review Please enable Javascript to watch this video
World Trademark Review Login Reset password Toggle navigation Home Home Magazine Blog Market intelligence Top TM professionals Research Legal updates Events International directory Media Country Correspondents India: Courts step up when it comes to famous marks < Back to issue By Mohandas Konnanath and Ranjan Narula RNA Intellectual Property Attorneys Recent case law from Indian courts confirms their pragmatic approach and bodes well for the protection of well-known marks in India, even when trademarks are not registered in the country Having trademarks recognised as well known or famous is a coveted accolade for brand owners. Additional protection for well-known marks originated in the Paris Convention and the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs), and is implemented through Article 6bis of the former and Article 16 of the latter. The underlying idea is to grant broader protection to famous marks against indiscriminate copying by third parties – not only for the same goods, but even for goods and services in completely different classes. Some countries have set out specific criteria in their trademark laws to determine whether a mark qualifies as well known, generally reproducing the criteria set out in TRIPs. Well-known marks in India In 2003, when the new Trademarks Act came into effect in India, it specifically included a definition of a ‘well-known mark’ and established elaborate protection criteria, which mostly conformed to the stipulations set out in TRIPs. In its present form, the law expressly extends statutory protection to well-known marks, even in relation to dissimilar goods. In addition, since 2003 the Trademark Registry has compiled a list of over 60 marks – including PHILIPS, INTEL, PEPSI, HONDA, OMEGA, MARS, HORLICKS, TATA, WOOLWORTH, TOSHIBA, SONY and CARREFOUR – on the basis of court decisions holding them to be well known. The registry has formed a committee which reviews and updates the list periodically. Thus, rights holders can bring any court decisions which recognise their marks as well known to the committee’s attention and present a case for inclusion on the list. To formalise the process of registering a mark as well known, a new provision – in the form of an amendment to the Trademark Rules 2015 – has been mooted. Further to the proposed amendment to Rule 127(2), the registrar would be empowered to stipulate criteria for determining whether a mark is well known. Such a request would be accompanied by a statement, along with all evidence and documents relied upon by the applicant to support its claim. With regard to these proposed amendments, stakeholders have raised the following concerns: The basis for stipulating the criteria for determining whether a mark is well known is still unclear. It is not apparent whether ‘determination’ by the registrar is necessary if the mark has already been recognised as well known by a court, IP appellate board or registrar in a contentious proceeding. Given that the Trademarks Registry already publishes a list of well-known marks, it is unclear whether a new list would be created or the existing list updated. There is controversy over the proposed fees for filing a request to determine whether a trademark is well known – Rs10,000 for e-filing (approximately $1,490) and Rs11,000 for physical filing (approximately $1,640) – which critics have denounced as unreasonable and unjustified. To safeguard the rights of an aggrieved person, a procedure for publishing an opposition or intervention against determination of a trademark as well known should also be provided. No timeframe has been proposed for the registrar to deal with such requests. Judicial rulings Recent judicial pronouncements show that the Indian courts are pragmatic when it comes to giving due credence to the international character of trademarks and granting recognition of their well-known status. In addition, decisions tend to take account of how the Internet and satellite television broadcasts have made the world a much smaller place. Thus, the Indian public may be aware of well-known marks even where the goods or services in question are unavailable locally. Liberal foreign exchange laws mean that Indian consumers can purchase goods online even if they are unavailable in India. In addition, Indian traders and consumers often travel overseas for business and leisure. They are exposed to products bearing well-known brands and often bring them home as gifts for families and friends. In Choice Hotels International Inc v M Sanjay Kumar the Delhi High Court considered the well-known nature of the mark COMFORT INN in relation to hotels and the goodwill and reputation associated with it – accordingly, it restrained the defendants from using the mark HOTEL RAJ COMFORT INN in relation to an identical business. The court also restrained the use of the website www.hotelrajcomfortinn.com, which contained the plaintiff’s well-known mark COMFORT INN, in order to prevent confusion and deception in the market. In Industria De Diseno Textile SA v Oriental Cuisines Pvt Ltd the court dealt with use of the mark ZARA, primarily known in respect of fashion and related lifestyle products, with the mark adopted by the plaintiff in 1975. The plaintiff argued that ZARA-branded products were sold extensively in several countries around the world and that the mark had achieved a significant degree of fame. The defendant was found to be using the mark ZARA TAPAS BAR and ZARA RESTAURANT and BAR in relation to dining. The court gave short shrift to the defendant’s contention that several entities were already using the mark ZARA and that it had a dictionary meaning. Instead, it held that the mark was well known since as far back as 2003, when the defendant adopted it. Further, the court found that the plaintiff was entitled to protect its mark even in relation to dissimilar goods and services. In Intel Corporation v Gautam Gupta, the Delhi High Court considered the well-known nature of the INTEL mark, which features in the list of well-known marks maintained by the Trademark Registry. The defendants in this case were engaged in an entirely different line of business – real estate and property development. The court took account of the fact that the INTEL mark was well know and was thus entitled to broader and wider protection, and permanently restrained the defendants from using it as part of their trade name, Intel Land Developers Pvt Ltd. Well known but unregistered The courts have also shown willing when it comes to upholding the common law rights of brand owners where a mark is unregistered in India, as is evident from the recent judgment of the Delhi High Court in Toyota Jidosha Kabushiki Kaisha v Deepak Mangal. Toyota had filed the case aggrieved by the defendant’s use of its PRIUS mark for automobile parts. Toyota argued that it was the prior adopter and user of the mark PRIUS, which it had been using in relation to its first hybrid car. Toyota had not registered the mark in India, whereas the defendant had registered the mark PRIUS. Toyota filed extensive evidence of its use of the PRIUS mark worldwide and proved its prior adoption. The court noted the fame of the mark and restrained the defendant from using it. A further instance of the court taking into account advancements in science and technology when considering trans-border reputation is the decision in Laverana GMBH & Co KG, Germany v Mac’s Personal Care Pvt Ltd. The plaintiff had been using the LAVERA mark in relation to cosmetics and body-care products, and filed an action for passing off against the defendants, which were found to have been using an identical mark for cosmetics. Although the plaintiff’s mark was not registered in India, the court considered its prior adoption, use, arbitrary nature and registration in other countries and restrained the defendants from using the same. The defendants’ appeal was also dismissed by the division bench, which raised the following points to consider when judging a mark’s trans-border reputation: the registration of a trademark in another jurisdiction – details or declarations of which are usually open to inspection; that registration will have been granted only because the authority was convinced of the mark’s distinctiveness and registrability; that registrations in multiple jurisdictions create a stronger presumption in favour of the subject mark; and that account should be taken of advertising in well-known magazines – even in only a few instances – as well as volume of sales. Digital economy fuels brand recognition Social media has added a new dimension to how people perceive brands. These days, consumers express opinions about the brands with which they engage positively, by either leaving a review or sharing ‘likes’. Most brands these days have a YouTube channel or Facebook page through which to communicate with consumers. Thus, any brand that aspires to be well known is expected to have a brand strategy for social media – not only to manage consumer expectations, but also to monitor any brand squatting. It will be interesting to see how jurisprudence develops to take account of this new world. Will courts start to take account of factors such as the number of Twitter followers to determine a brand’s notoriety? To sum up, growing consumerism and a large youth population are driving brand culture in India. It may thus be an attractive proposition for smaller local businesses to copy a well-known brand to gain instant recognition and boost sales. Provisions on well-known marks aim to protect not only the interests of owners of well-known marks, but also members of the general public, who are likely to assume a trade connection, sponsorship or approval of goods, and in many cases – due to the presence of similar colour schemes – cannot distinguish unauthorised use. The pragmatic outlook of the courts and the Trademark Registry bodes well for the protection of well-known brands. Ranjan Narula Managing partner rnarula@rnaip.com Ranjan Narula is the managing partner of Ranjan Narula Associates, a specialist IP firm that he founded in 2004. He has 20 years of post-qualification experience in contentious and non-contentious intellectual property and has worked with the legal department of Burmah Castrol. He was also a partner with Rouse and headed its India practice for 10 years. He extensively advises rights holders on brand management issues and provides strategic advice on IP clearance, protection and enforcement. Mohandas Konnanath Senior associate mkonnanath@rnaip.com Mohandas Konnanath is a senior associate at Ranjan Narula Associates. He joined the bar in 1995 and is qualified in both India, and England and Wales, with a master’s in IP law from Bournemouth University. Mr Konnanath heads the firm’s Chennai operations and handles litigation, opposition and prosecution matters, attending hearings before the Trademark Registry and the IP Appellate Board. In his current role, he advises a wide range of clients on contentious and non-contentious IP matters. Mr Konnanath also regularly writes and lectures on IP issues. Share this article Related content Turkey: Exploring the options available to owners of popular marks United Kingdom: Protecting and enforcing renowned trademarks in non-registration jurisdictions Smell-alikes: Lessons from Chanel and Coty’s smell-alike victory Italy: European Union and Italy in alignment over protection of well-known marks Mexico: Recognising the difference: three ways to obtain well-known or famous status Popular blogs MLB won’t donate Cleveland Indians gear to developing countries due to brand concerns Adult site “honoured” by YouTube Red association; opinion split on brand strategy What a Clinton or Trump presidency could mean for US trademark owners “I’m the Banksy of trademarks” – millionaire applicant of NASTY WOMAN regards cease-and-desist from Beyoncé as “great marketing” ECJ delivers blow to Rubik’s Cube; fears raised that decision paves the way for increased counterfeits Register for more free content Read more World Trademark Review blogs and articles Receive the editor's weekly review by email Register now   About Advertise Contact Subscribe Faq Blog WTR 1000 Market intelligence Research International directory Weekly newsletter Terms & conditions Cookie policy Intellectual Asset Management IP Hall of Fame WTR Industry Awards Events IPBC © Copyright 2003-2016 Globe Business Media Group
World Trademark Review Login Reset password Toggle navigation Home Home Magazine Blog Market intelligence Top TM professionals Research Legal updates Events International directory Media Country Correspondents European Union: Protecting well-known marks under international treaties < Back to issue By Frédérique Bodson Locke Lord LLP The lack of a common definition of ‘well-known mark’ under international treaties has led to variations in interpretation and thus protection. However, EU legislation and case law continue to evolve in this area Trademark protection in the European Union has developed mainly based on international treaties such as the Paris Convention, the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs) and the Madrid Agreement. Protection granted to famous marks originates from Article 6bis of the Paris Convention and Article 16 of TRIPs, which give additional cover to well-known marks, even where they have not been registered. However, there is still no common definition of a ‘well-known’ mark, leading to variations in interpretation and thus protection from country to country. In the European Union, well-known marks enjoy a special and broader degree of protection, as set out in Article 5(3) of the EU Trademark Directive (2015/2436 – formerly Article 5(2) of Directive 89/104/EEC) and Article 9(1)(c) of the EU Community Trademark Regulation (207/2009, as amended by Regulation 2015/2424). The owner of a well-known trademark is entitled to prevent third parties from using any sign that is identical or similar to its mark, irrespective of whether it is in relation to goods or services which are identical or similar to, or even completely dissimilar to, those for which the well-known mark is registered, where such use, without due cause, would take unfair advantage of or be detrimental to the earlier mark’s distinctive character. These provisions were created to protect the functions of a trademark other than those of indicating a trade origin (ie, messages conveyed as to the qualities or particular characteristics of goods or services, as well as images or feelings such as luxury, lifestyle, exclusivity or adventure). Such messages give the mark an inherent economic value independent of and separate from the goods or services for which it is registered, which is nearly always the result of considerable effort and investment on the part of the rights holder (Sigla/OHIM – Elleni Holding, T-215/03, March 22 2007). Intel and L’Oréal In Intel Corporation v CPM United Kingdom Ltd (C-252/07, November 27 2008) and L’Oréal v Bellure (C-487/07, June 18 2009), the European Court of Justice (ECJ) attempted to define the scope of protection granted to well-known trademarks. In Intel, the ECJ held that a well-known mark will be diluted if a later mark is used to create an immediate association with the goods and services for which it is registered. The court found that the stronger the distinctive character of the earlier mark, the more likely it is that the relevant public will call it to mind – increasing the risk of dilution. Moreover, the ECJ held that the owner of a well-known mark must provide proof that use of the later mark “would take unfair advantage of, or be detrimental to, the distinctive character or the repute of the earlier trade mark”. Although the owner of the earlier mark need not demonstrate actual and present injury, it must prove that there is a serious risk that such an injury would occur in the future. This requirement introduces a high threshold for proof of dilution, which is arguably unfavourable to owners of well-known marks. In L’Oréal, the ECJ extended the protection granted to well-known marks, holding that it is not necessary to demonstrate a likelihood of confusion, a likelihood of detriment to the mark’s distinctive character or reputation, or even any general detriment in order to find unfair advantage. The ECJ held that the advantage is unfair where a third party “seeks by that use to ride on the coat-tails of the mark with a reputation” and does so to benefit from the mark’s power of attraction, reputation and prestige, with a view to exploiting the marketing efforts of the well-known mark’s owner, without any financial compensation and regardless of any detriment to the mark. In L’Oréal, the argument that a later mark might take unfair advantage of the earlier mark’s reputation or distinctive character became more advantageous over claims of dilution of the earlier mark, previously argued following Intel. Spa Monopole Post-Intel and L’ Oréal, the General Court considered what constitutes use of a mark when assessing its reputation in Spa Monopole, compagnie fermière de Spa SA/NV/OHIM-Orly International, Inc (Case T-131/12, May 5 2015). The court annulled the decision of the Board of Appeal of the EU Intellectual Property Office, which failed to find that the word mark SPA had a reputation in the European Union and ruled that there was no likelihood that SPARITUAL would take unfair advantage of the SPA mark under Article 8(5). Instead, the court held that the reputation of the figurative mark SPA with the Pierrot device could be extended to the word mark SPA, and that the board had wrongfully interpreted Il Ponte Finanziaria v OHIM (C-234/06 P, September 13 2007), which related to proof of use of marks of the same family and should therefore be distinguished from this case. In its decision, the General Court recognised that in order to demonstrate the particular distinctive character and reputation of a trademark, the owner may rely on evidence of its use in a different form, as part of another registered mark, provided that the relevant public continues to perceive the goods or services at issue as originating from the same undertaking. Iron & Smith More recently, the ECJ provided further guidance on the extent of protection granted to well-known trademarks in Iron & Smith v Unilever (C-125/14, September 3 2015). Unilever, owner of an EU trademark registration for IMPULSE, filed an opposition against a Hungarian trademark application for BE IMPULSIVE, which it considered too similar to its earlier mark, even though this was intended to cover dissimilar goods. In support of its opposition, Unilever referred to Hungarian legal provisions which provide extensive protection to famous marks and which go beyond the protection set out in Article 4(3) of the EU Trademarks Directive (2008/95/EC). The Hungarian application was subsequently rejected. The applicant appealed the decision and the Hungarian court asked the ECJ to clarify whether it was sufficient for Unilever to provide evidence of its reputation in some EU countries only (not including Hungary), or whether it had to provide specific evidence of its mark’s reputation in Hungary. The ECJ confirmed that an EU trademark has a reputation in the European Union if it has a reputation in a substantial part of the European Union. However, it also explained that such substantial part of the EU territory may coincide with the territory of a single member state, even though this might not be the state in which the application for the later national mark is filed. The ECJ thus provided a more flexible analysis of the requirements for a mark to be considered well known. It was not relevant that the IMPULSE mark had no reputation in Hungary, provided that it still fulfilled the requirement of reputation in the European Union. Nonetheless, where a national trademark application has been opposed and an earlier EU trademark has a reputation in a substantial part of the European Union, but not within that particular member state, the owner will have to show that a “commercially significant part of that public is familiar with that mark, makes a connection between it and the later national mark, and that there is, taking account of all the relevant factors in the case, either actual and present injury to its mark, for the purposes of that provision or, failing that, a serious risk that such injury may occur in the future”. By doing so, the ECJ has opted for a more practical approach, basing the assessment on the reality in the member state in which the owner of a well-known mark seeks protection. However, given that the ECJ did not define precisely what would be considered a ‘commercially significant part of the public’, this is likely to require further clarification in the future. EU trademark law reforms The protection granted to trademarks with a reputation has been extended by the new EU Trademark Regulation (2015/2424), which came into force on March 23 2016, and the new Trademark Directive, (2015/2436), and will have to be transposed by member states into national law by January 14 2019. Previously, owners of well-known trademarks could oppose or apply to invalidate a later mark covering “goods or services which are not similar to those for which the earlier trade mark was registered”. However, in Adidas-Salomon v Fitnessworld Trading (C-408/01, October 23 2003), the ECJ held that where goods or services are identical or similar, the protection granted to the well-known mark must be at least as extensive as where the goods or services are dissimilar. The new rules set out in the regulation confirm and codify Adidas by providing that oppositions or applications for invalidation can be filed “irrespective of whether the goods or services for which it is applied are identical with, similar to or not similar to those for which the earlier trade mark is registered”. Even if in practice this will not affect the owners of earlier marks directly, it does clarify the rule and helps to prevent potential questions of interpretation. Additionally, the directive states that registered trademarks with a reputation must enjoy the same protection under the legal systems of all member states, making the protection of marks with a reputation against dilution mandatory in all EU member states. Comment The EU legal provisions and case law surrounding well-known and famous marks have evolved steadily since the introduction of the EU Trademark Regulation in 2009, providing further clarification regarding the definition and extent of reputation, the economic link necessary to demonstrate unfair advantage or detriment to a mark and other requirements needed to benefit from the extended protection granted to marks with a reputation in the European Union. This protection is likely to become even stronger in future in light of the provisions imposed on member states by the new directive, which requires that such extended protection be granted at a national level to all registered trademarks with a reputation in the member state concerned. Frédérique Bodson Trademark attorney Frederique.Bodson@lockelord.com Frédérique Bodson is a trademark attorney in the London office of Locke Lord LLP with extensive experience in all aspects of trademark law. Her practice focuses on national and international trademark law, including oppositions, revocations and invalidity actions, negotiation of settlements, brand clearance, and the prosecution of trademark portfolios worldwide. Ms Bodson also advices on trademark infringement, passing off, domain names and copyright. Her client portfolio includes both multinational corporations and smaller businesses in many industry sectors, including fashion, consumer technology, media and entertainment, cosmetics, beverages, sports and financial services. Share this article Related content Italy: European Union and Italy in alignment over protection of well-known marks Turkey: Exploring the options available to owners of popular marks Smell-alikes: Lessons from Chanel and Coty’s smell-alike victory Jumping through hoops qualifying for well-known status in Brazil European Union: Staying within the boundaries Popular blogs “I’m the Banksy of trademarks” – millionaire applicant of NASTY WOMAN regards cease-and-desist from Beyoncé as “great marketing” MLB won’t donate Cleveland Indians gear to developing countries due to brand concerns ECJ delivers blow to Rubik’s Cube; fears raised that decision paves the way for increased counterfeits Adult site “honoured” by YouTube Red association; opinion split on brand strategy What a Clinton or Trump presidency could mean for US trademark owners Register for more free content Read more World Trademark Review blogs and articles Receive the editor's weekly review by email Register now   About Advertise Contact Subscribe Faq Blog WTR 1000 Market intelligence Research International directory Weekly newsletter Terms & conditions Cookie policy Intellectual Asset Management IP Hall of Fame WTR Industry Awards Events IPBC © Copyright 2003-2016 Globe Business Media Group
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Cooler Master's MasterAir Pro 3 and MasterAir Pro 4 CPU coolers reviewed Don't mess with success by Jeff Kampman  3:56 PM on October 31, 2016 If you've bought an unlocked Intel CPU recently, chances are you've placed one of Cooler Master's Hyper 212 Evo heatsinks in your shopping cart to go with it. That classic cooler has been around in some form or another for the better part of a decade, and its great price-to-performance ratio has made it a perennial best-seller on Newegg. (I challenge you to find any other product with nearly 5000 reviews and a five-egg rating there.) MasterAir Pro 4 on the left, MasterAir Pro 3 on the right Sometimes, even the best things in life have to change. Cooler Master is in the midst of a top-to-bottom reimagining of its product lineup, and its heatsinks have been going under the knife for some time now. The company launched its MasterAir lineup earlier this year with the MasterAir Maker 8, and it's expanding that lineup today with the MasterAir Pro 4 and MasterAir Pro 3 heatsinks. The MasterAir Pro 4 adds a couple new ideas to the winning formula blazed by the Hyper 212 Evo, while the MasterAir Pro 3 is a fresh take on a 92-mm mini-tower. These coolers arrive at a good time. We generally recommend sticking with Intel's stock coolers for CPUs like the Core i3-6100 and the Core i5-6500 in our System Guides, but after working with some of those boxed heatsinks recently, we've come to re-evaluate that recommendation. I'm not sure what's changed between the Haswell and Skylake stock coolers, but the most recent round of Intel boxed heatsinks has a narrow PWM range that makes for a rather noisy system at idle. Some folks might be able to live with that situation, but even the most basic 92-mm cooler is likely to be an improvement over the boxed heatsink. Enter the $40 MasterAir Pro 3. This mini-tower offers three copper heat pipes running through an aluminum base plate. The base uses Cooler Master's fancy "continuous direct contact" design, meaning the heatpipes sit side-by-side for better heat transfer potential. Lesser heatsinks might use three pipes with less-complicated bends that run parallel to one another through an aluminum base. Even better, Cooler Master offsets the Pro 3's fin stack to improve memory clearance. The MasterAir Pro 3's 140-mm-tall stack o' fins is cooled by a 92-mm MasterFan Pro Air Balance fan. These fans use what Cooler Master calls POM bearings, a type of polymer sleeve bearing. As their name might suggest, these fans are meant to strike a balance between static pressure and air flow. That's probably the ideal choice for pushing air through the Pro 3's fin stack. The MasterFans have rubber corners to reduce sympathetic vibration, and the built-in clips on the included fan make for easy installation. Another set of rubber pads on these mounting clips might reduce noise, vibration, and harshness even further.  The $45 MasterAir Pro 4 takes the successful feature set established by the Hyper 212 Evo and makes only a couple of tweaks. This cooler still uses four copper heat pipes with Cooler Master's "continuous direct contact" design, but its base now has a new set of mounting holes that I'll discuss momentarily. The bare aluminum top plate on the Hyper 212 Evo has been replaced with a stealthy black-anodized one, and Cooler Master has switched out the Evo's fan for a MasterFan Pro Air Balance 120-mm unit. The MasterAir Pro 4's fins (and the MasterAir 3's) have a variety of perforations around the heatpipes and a V-shaped array of holes in the center of each layer in the stack that are purported to improve airflow and heat transfer. Tags: Cooling Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - Installation Page 3 - Our testing methods, Cooling performance, Noise levels, Overclocking performance, Conclusions 36 comments View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
null
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Cognosec AB Awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner Status In addition, Cognosec’s South African subsidiary DRS was the first to achieve the Intel Security Service Delivery Specialisation globally. This specialisation will allow the company to enhance its offering by providing a complete Intel Security service to customers. “To be awarded Security Platinum Partner status is the greatest achievement in the Intel Security Partner Program. The same applies to the Service Delivery Specialisation award. This reinforces the fact that we are a top tier IT provider, and committed to offering our customers the very best service and products,” says Robert Brown, CEO of Cognosec AB. Intel Security Platinum Partner status can only be achieved through a demonstrated commitment to customer satisfaction, competency, and revenue growth. “Platinum Partners have proven solution and services capabilities to manage the largest and most complex security deployments. As a result, these Partners receive the highest level of benefits and the option to achieve a Support Provider Specialisation,” says Rob Percy, Intel EMEA Channel Programs Manager, “Cognosec are an experienced and respected partner with a successful track record in understanding the security challenges facing us today, and have a proven ability providing solutions that deliver the business outcomes required. Their expertise will continue to be a valuable asset to Intel Security and the customers that we both serve.” Brown adds that the Intel Security Partner Program was designed with growth and flexibility in mind, and that Cognosec AB – and all the subsidiary companies – are looking forward to growing the partnership with Intel in the years ahead. “It aims to meet the needs of partners’ growing businesses. As they invest more in the relationship with Intel Security via certifications and training, they gain greater rewards, and increased commitment from the company. As a long-term Intel Security partner, we have seen the support that the company offers, and our dedication to gaining the highest rank has been validated in this achievement.” Intel Security Solution Providers are reseller partners with one or more areas of expertise among Intel’s Security solutions, Brown explains. “Solution Providers are able to tailor the programme to fit their specific interests, as well as business needs and goals. An example would be taking a sales approach, with technology support and implementation as the focus.” The group boasts several other Intel Security certifications, which are individual designations removed from the general partner programme levels or specialisations. “We have employees who carry a full range of product certifications. In the Intel Security Certified Product Specialist, we offer Data Loss Prevent Endpoint (DLPe), ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO), Host Intrusion Prevention (HIPs), Network Security Platform (NPS/IPS), Next Generation Firewall (NGFW), and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM).” “We are dedicated to helping our customers’ organisations run better and smarter by providing intelligent security solutions with key partners like Intel,” adds Brown. “We are delighted to be recognised by Intel Security, and raised to Platinum Partner status, for the continual support, expertise and solutions we’re able to offer to our customers – all of which we will continue to improve on in the years to come.” BRIEFING ON COGNOSEC  Cognosec AB (publ) is a Group of specialist cybersecurity companies with the parent company in Sweden, and operating internationally through subsidiaries in United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden, South Africa, Kenya, and the United Arab Emirates. The Group delivers security, governance, risk and compliance services to help clients across a variety of industries – including banking and finance, government, healthcare, manufacturing and retail – to protect themselves against security threats. The Cognosec Group reports revenues of 16 826 TEUR for the full year 2015. For more information, please visit http://www.cognosec.se SOURCE Cognosec AB Author ilsPosted on October 31, 2016October 31, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Trinity Biotech plc and Certain Officers and Directors — TRIB Next Next post: Southwest Airlines Flight Attendants Approve Tentative Agreement Search for: Search Recent Posts Turkey says it’s tired of ‘two-faced’ EU attitude Delta Food Industries Will be Presenting the Middle East Hozpitality Excellence Awards 2016 in Dubai HubSpot to Open Second European Office in Berlin, Germany in 2017 Rosewood Hong Kong Will Open in 2018, Adding a Graceful New Landmark to the Famous Harborfront Rosewood Hongkong wird 2018 seine Tore öffnen und der berühmten Hafenfront ein reizvolles neues Wahrzeichen hinzufügen Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Cognosec AB Awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner Status News provided by Cognosec AB Oct 31, 2016, 15:15 ET Share this article STOCKHOLM, October 31, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- International leader in IT security, GRC and PCI services, Cognosec AB (Nasdaq: COGS), has announced that Intel Security has awarded it Security Platinum Partner Status, the highest level attainable under the Intel Security Partner Program. This applies to the company's operations in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, including the UK, Germany, Sweden, the United Arab Emirates, Kenya and South Africa. In addition, Cognosec's South African subsidiary DRS was the first to achieve the Intel Security Service Delivery Specialisation globally. This specialisation will allow the company to enhance its offering by providing a complete Intel Security service to customers. "To be awarded Security Platinum Partner status is the greatest achievement in the Intel Security Partner Program. The same applies to the Service Delivery Specialisation award. This reinforces the fact that we are a top tier IT provider, and committed to offering our customers the very best service and products," says Robert Brown, CEO of Cognosec AB. Intel Security Platinum Partner status can only be achieved through a demonstrated commitment to customer satisfaction, competency, and revenue growth. "Platinum Partners have proven solution and services capabilities to manage the largest and most complex security deployments. As a result, these Partners receive the highest level of benefits and the option to achieve a Support Provider Specialisation," says Rob Percy, Intel EMEA Channel Programs Manager, "Cognosec are an experienced and respected partner with a successful track record in understanding the security challenges facing us today, and have a proven ability providing solutions that deliver the business outcomes required. Their expertise will continue to be a valuable asset to Intel Security and the customers that we both serve." Brown adds that the Intel Security Partner Program was designed with growth and flexibility in mind, and that Cognosec AB - and all the subsidiary companies - are looking forward to growing the partnership with Intel in the years ahead. "It aims to meet the needs of partners' growing businesses. As they invest more in the relationship with Intel Security via certifications and training, they gain greater rewards, and increased commitment from the company. As a long-term Intel Security partner, we have seen the support that the company offers, and our dedication to gaining the highest rank has been validated in this achievement." Intel Security Solution Providers are reseller partners with one or more areas of expertise among Intel's Security solutions, Brown explains. "Solution Providers are able to tailor the programme to fit their specific interests, as well as business needs and goals. An example would be taking a sales approach, with technology support and implementation as the focus." The group boasts several other Intel Security certifications, which are individual designations removed from the general partner programme levels or specialisations. "We have employees who carry a full range of product certifications. In the Intel Security Certified Product Specialist, we offer Data Loss Prevent Endpoint (DLPe), ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO), Host Intrusion Prevention (HIPs), Network Security Platform (NPS/IPS), Next Generation Firewall (NGFW), and Security Information and Event Management (SIEM)." "We are dedicated to helping our customers' organisations run better and smarter by providing intelligent security solutions with key partners like Intel," adds Brown. "We are delighted to be recognised by Intel Security, and raised to Platinum Partner status, for the continual support, expertise and solutions we're able to offer to our customers - all of which we will continue to improve on in the years to come." BRIEFING ON COGNOSEC  Cognosec AB (publ) is a Group of specialist cybersecurity companies with the parent company in Sweden, and operating internationally through subsidiaries in United Kingdom, Germany, Sweden, South Africa, Kenya, and the United Arab Emirates. The Group delivers security, governance, risk and compliance services to help clients across a variety of industries - including banking and finance, government, healthcare, manufacturing and retail - to protect themselves against security threats. The Cognosec Group reports revenues of 16 826 TEUR for the full year 2015. For more information, please visit http://www.cognosec.se SOURCE Cognosec AB My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Cognosec AB Awarded Intel Security Platinum Partner Status News provided by Cognosec AB Oct 31, 2016, 15:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3... Black Friday Mac Bundle: 9 top-rated apps available at 94% off today... 7 USB-C cables you might need for your new MacBook Pro How to try out the new MacBook Pro Touch Bar on any...   skip to main content skip to main menu     MacBook Pro’s lack of 32GB RAM option could also be blamed on Intel’s Skylake chips By Christian Zibreg, Oct 31, 2016 Tweet 16 Comments As you know, Apple’s limited the new MacBook Pro to a maximum of sixteen gigabytes of RAM. Truth be told, no Mac notebook thus far has permitted customers to double the system RAM to a whopping thirty-two gigabytes though many MacBook Pro fans seem to have expected just that as an option. As we told you, Apple on its part did acknowledge that it’d decided against giving the new Pro 32GB RAM because doing so would have decreased the notebook’s battery life. The statement is true, but lacks detail. The Loop’s Dave Mark points us to a more technical explanation for why you cannot outfit your brand spanking new MacBook Pro with 32GB RAM. TL;DR: Skylake platform powering the new MacBook Pro supports DDR4 RAM, but not its LPDDR4 variant that optimizes energy consumption—Apple isn’t lying when it argues that doubling the Pro’s RAM would have a negative impact on battery life. Here’s an interesting excerpt from a Reddit post (edited for clarity): The true reason behind the lack of 32GB RAM on the new MacBook Pro is Intel. Skylake chips do not support LPDDR4 RAM. Kaby Lake is set to include support, but only for the U category of chips. So no LPDDR4 support for mobile until 2018 I think. LPDDR4 stands for a low-power version of DDR4 RAM. Skylake, of course, is Intel’s chip microarchitecture that powers the Pro. Kaby Lake is the name of Intel’s seventh-generation microarchitecture that was unveiled in August. “U category” of chips denotes low-power versions of Intel processors meant for ultra-thin notebooks like the MacBook Air and the twelve-inch MacBook. These chips are typically slower than their non-U counterparts, but conserver more power. In other words, Skylake lacks hardware support for power-sipping RAM chips that could let Apple engineer a 32GB Mac notebook that didn’t sacrifice battery life. The new Pro uses a faster 2133MHz LPDDR3 RAM that consumes more power than the slower 1600 MHz RAM in the previous-generation. You could say that Reddit’s RAM explanation is patently wrong and cite Dell’s XPS 15 as an example, which has the same quad-core Intel Core i7-6700HQ chip from Intel like the new Pro yet packs in 32GB RAM. However, it’s important to note that a) Kaby Lake is required to support DDR4 RAM and B) the Dell machine supports the power-hungrier DDR4 LV RAM technology rather than its low-power LPDDR4 counterpart. An alleged response from Apple’s marketing boss Phil Schiller to a question from a concerned user about the Pro’s RAM situation clarifies that putting more than 16GB of fast RAM into a notebook design “at this time would require a memory system that consumes much more power and wouldn’t be efficient enough for a notebook.” The new Pro delivers the same all-day battery life like its predecessor, meaning up to ten hours of wireless web or iTunes movie playback for both 13 and 15-inch models. Source: Reddit via The Loop Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend MacBook Pro didn’t double the RAM because 32GB RAM would decrease battery life Reviewers weigh in on the new MacBook Pro… 1Password now supports Touch ID and Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro Apple aggressively boosting MacBook Pro orders with 15M estimated shipments in 2016 Related Topics Apple, Mac, MacBook, MacBook Pro, News, RAM ravinigga Was it not lpddr3? SixBanananas Thats what I found on wiki: Dell XPS 15: DDR4 at 2133 MT/s = 1.2V Kaby Lake: Low Power DDR4 at 3200 MT/s (LPDDR3) = 1.1V or by Samsung at 0.6V Old MBP: Low Power DDR3 at 1600 MT/s (LPDDR3) = 1.2V New MBP: Low Power DDR3 at 2133 MT/s (LPDDR3) = 1.8V I don’t get Apples decision or I’m clearly misinformed… Rob Jansen Why would you need 32gb for that weak processor? I have 16gb in my monster of a pc and don’t even come close to needing more. Golicza Alpár But when you hook up multiple 4K screens and run multiple applications on them, you will run out of ram. iPilya I keep hearing people talk about the “weak” CPU. Which mobile CPU should they have used? Kaby Lake (4-core) is not released yet. Braheem Hazeem III 16gb in my x99 6 core CPU desktop PC, which I never fully use. Why would a weak laptop need more than that? Marcus Apple should’ve just made the new MacBook Pro’s twice as thick so that they could put in a bigger battery. The fact that they keep making their MacBook’s thinner and thinner baffles me. There is no need. Reg Guy LOL…clearly someone who doesn’t hump laptops through airports! Jumanji lmao heaven forbid you carry something 4.5 pounds instead of 4. If you’re having a hard time carrying that much weight maybe you should stay home. Marcus I go to the airport several times a year with my laptop. It can be annoying to carry around, but it’s not that much of an inconvenience. Apple should’ve just kept thin MacBook Air’s and then they should’ve made thick MacBook Pro’s. iPilya @marcus_413:disqus the key here is “several times a year”. You are definitely not a traveler. Try saying several times a week. But lets take the airport aspect out of the equation. A person can also reference needing to go client premises several times a week. But if we return back to the Airport aspect… you are limited to the size of battery. While Apple could up the size (would have been nice), but they cannot upsize it all that much. What I don’t know is if Apple maxed out the batter size, could they still have gotten 10 hrs using 32GB of DDR4? mike480 Agreed, there was no need to go any thinner lighter on the new MBP as the previous generation weight and size is not an issue and I carry my laptop through an airport every single week. more ram to run my VM’s would have been so welcome and I was practically expecting it. Marcus Strongly agree. I don’t mind carrying around a laptop that’s 5, 6, or 7 pounds. I want something powerful. foljs Maybe carry a desktop then? mike480 I would have gladly sacrificed some battery life for 32GB ram. While it would be awesome if I got to sit in a park and work all day with no outlet, that just isn’t reality. I don’t need 10 hours battery life and I would argue that the folks who need 10 hours battery number less than us who need 32GB ram. foljs Everybody can use more battery time. Very few have a need for 32GB RAM.   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Daily Deals: $30 off Sony PlayStation 4 Pro, $70 off Beats Solo3 headphones, and more Apple seeds watchOS 3.1.1 beta 3 to developers Beloved butt-looking peach emoji is back in iOS 10.2 beta 3, looks even more like a butt Jony Ive discusses 20 years of iconic Apple designs and that pricey new coffee table book Apple removed nearly 50,000 apps from App Store in October   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: EmojiSuggest, PasswordRecovery, & more… EmojiSuggest brings iOS 10-like emoji suggestions to the predictive keyboard WiJoin lets you know what Wi-Fi network you’re connected to PasswordRecovery stores passwords and recovers them when you forget them NCTextColor lets you add vibrancy to Notification Center iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2016. This website is not affiliated with Apple.

Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter congatec presents new Qseven and COM Express Compact modules based on Intel's new low-power processors (Codename Apollo Lake) congatec Inc - Leave a Comment congatec Qseven and COM Express modules with latest Intel low-power processors (code name Apollo Lake) congatec presents new Qseven and COM Express Compact modules based on Intel’s new low-power processors (Codename Apollo Lake) One a great fit for the entry level, the other a perfect choice for the high end San Diego, CA, October 25, 2016 * * * congatec – a leading technology company for embedded computer modules, single board computers and embedded design and manufacturing services – has released new COM Express Compact and Qseven Computer-on-Modules in time with the launch of Intel’s new low-power processors (code name Apollo Lake). The modules with Intel® Atom™, Celeron® and Pentium® processors feature the powerful Intel Gen 9 graphics and deliver an impressive performance per watt improvement, enabling the implementation of even more powerful designs with even lower energy consumption. This, combined with long-term availability of 10 years, makes the new high-end low-power modules a perfect fit for both entry level COM Express Compact designs and high-end Qseven platforms. Application areas for the new congatec Computer-on-Modules can be found in many highly specific embedded and IoT systems that require a customized high-performance design and a fanless low-power envelope of 5W to 12W. These include IoT gateways and industrial control systems, machine and device GUIs, medical devices, digital signage systems, vending machines and eMobility stations as well as the entire range of rugged mobile devices, handhelds and in-vehicle systems. Even some standard embedded motherboards use modules to speed up Time-to-Market with system upgrades where only the modules need to be changed. “congatec’s new designs address the entire range of low-power embedded and IoT applications. The two new modules are the spearheads of congatec’s comprehensive roadmap for the latest Intel® Atom™, Celeron® and Pentium® processors based on the highly optimized new 14nm microarchitecture from Intel. A range of standard products such as SMARC 2.0, Pico-ITX and Mini-ITX boards as well as customized carrier boards and full custom designs – of which some are already commissioned – will be released throughout the year,” says Martin Danzer, Director Product Management at congatec AG. “With this extensive range of complementary form factor standards as well as our embedded design and manufacturing services we significantly simplify the development of highly integrated, feature-rich and powerful small form factor applications.” Both form factors will support real-time applications. Those applications will benefit from the hardware integrated IEEE 1588 compliant Precision Time Protocol that can deliver nanosecond synchronization accuracy. Alternative software implementations need microseconds. There is also a hardware integrated audio DSP that can be used for new applications with speech recognition. Another convenient feature is the ability to switch from a static, hardware-based PCIe lane configuration to a flexible software-based setup which makes it possible to use the predefined GbE lanes of the modules also for other purposes. The feature sets at a glance The new real-time capable congatec Qseven and COM Express Compact modules come with particularly energy-saving Intel® Atom™ processors E3930, E3940 and E3950 for the industrial-grade extended temperature range of -40° C to +85° C, or are fitted with the more powerful low-power dual-core Intel® Celeron® N3350 and quad-core Intel® Pentium® N4200 processors. A highlight is that the industrial-grade module variants with Intel Atom processors have a lidded cooling interface which connects directly to the processor. Therefore, no additional copper heat stack is required for most simple implementations and heat dissipation. All modules host the high-performance Intel Gen 9 graphics which provides up to 18 execution units and supports up to 4k decode and encode capabilities for HEVC4, H.264, VP8, SVC and MVC. What’s special about the new Qseven module Hosting up to 8 GByte low-voltage DDR3 RAM onboard, the new conga-QA5 supports 4k on up to three displays which can be controlled via dual channel LVDS, eDP, DP 1.2 and/or HDMI 1.4. For IoT connectivity and generic extensions, there are 1x Gigabit Ethernet interface, 4 PCIe lanes and 6 USB ports, one of which is provided as USB 3.0. Additional peripherals can be connected via 1x SPI and 1x serial interface. Two MIPI CSI camera inputs are further provided. For the integration of storage media, up to 64 GB of flash memory with fast eMMC 5.5, or 2x 6 Gbps SATA and 1x SDIO are on offer. Audio signals are carried via HDA. What’s special about the new COM Express Compact module Supporting up to 8 GByte low-voltage SODIMM memory, the new conga-TCA5 also supports 4k on up to three displays which can be controlled via dual channel LVDS, eDP, DP 1.2 and/or HDMI 1.4. For IoT connectivity and generic extensions, there are 1x Gigabit Ethernet interface, 4 PCIe 2.0 lanes and 6 USB ports, three of which are provided as USB 3.0 and one is a host and client capable USB OTG interface. Additional peripherals can be connected via 2x SPI, 1x LPC and 2x serial UART interfaces. Two MIPI CSI camera inputs are further provided. For the integration of storage media, up to 64 GB of flash memory with fast eMMC 5.1, or 2x 6 Gbps SATA and 1x SDIO are an option. Audio signals are carried via HDA. An optional TPM 2.0 rounds of the feature set of the COM Express Compact Module. For all modules, software support is provided for Microsoft Windows 10, including the Microsoft Windows 10 IoT versions and all current Linux operating systems. The Board Support Packages will also include support for the latest Wind River IDP 3.1. Customized integration support, a comprehensive range of accessories and optional Embedded Design & Manufacturing services for application specific carrier board and system designs are also available. Both computer module series support the following CPU versions: Processor Cores Intel® Smart Cache [MB] Clock/ Burst [GHz] TDP [W] Graphics Execution Units Intel® Pentium® N4200 4 2 1.1 / 2.5 6 18 Intel® Celeron® N3350 2 1 1.1 / 2.4 6 12 Intel® Atom™ x7-E3950 4 2 1.6 / 2.0 12 18 Intel® Atom™ x5-E3940 4 2 1.6 / 1.8 9 12 Intel® Atom™ x5-E3930 2 1 1.3 / 1.8 6.5 12 For more information about the new conga-QA5 Qseven computer module visit: www.congatec.com/en/products/qseven/conga-qa5.h[...] For more information about the new conga-TCA5 COM Express Compact computer module visit: www.congatec.com/en/products/com-express-type6/[...] About congatec, Inc. congatec, Inc., with its headquarters in San Diego, California, is a leading supplier of industrial computer modules using the standard form factors COM Express, Qseven and SMARC as well as single board computers and EDM services. congatec’s products can be used in a variety of industries and applications, such as industrial automation, medical, entertainment, transportation, telecommunication, test & measurement and point-of-sale. Core knowledge and technical know-how includes unique extended BIOS features as well as comprehensive driver and board support packages. Following the design-in phase, customers are given support via extensive product lifecycle management. The company’s products are manufactured by specialist service providers in accordance with modern quality standards. congatec, Inc. is a subsidiary of the German based company congatec AG, which has additional entities in Taiwan, the Czech Republic, Japan, China, and Australia. More information is available on our website at www.congatec.us or via Facebook, Twitter and YouTube. * * * Intel and Intel Atom, Celeron, Pentium and Core are registered trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Topics covered in this article energy consumption computer module hardware Linux IoT DSP Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 17:26:59 +0000
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Needs to Deliver a Revolution With Icelake With more time to work on its processor cores, Intel should aim to deliver larger generational leaps to give consumers every incentive to buy new personal computers. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 31, 2016 at 10:57AM In the past, microprocessor giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) product methodology was known as tick-tock. This strategy was very simple to understand: In alternating years, the company produced a product known either as a "tick" or a "tock." A "tick" essentially boiled down to Intel's taking a prior-generation chip design, making some minor enhancements to said design, and then building it in a brand-new chip manufacturing technology. After a "tick" would come a "tock." A "tock" involved Intel's making significant changes to the underlying design of the processor architecture. However, that all-new architecture would be implemented in largely the same manufacturing process as the prior-generation "tick" product was. The new development methodology at Intel is known as process-architecture-optimization (let's use the commonly used abbreviation "PAO"). The "process" and "architecture" steps basically correspond to the "tick" and "tock" steps, respectively. The wrinkle is that, going forward, the company intends to add a third step, known as "optimization." Based on the first "optimization," it seems that with this step Intel doesn't make significant changes to the underlying processor architecture and instead relies on enhancements to the manufacturing technology to ultimately deliver better product performance. Considering this, it's important that, going forward, Intel delivers essentially game-changing innovations with each of its "architecture" steps, beginning with a product known as Icelake. Core 2 Duo -- the very first "tock" in Intel's now-defunct tick-tock development methodology. Image source: Intel.  Intel now has more time to work on its processor cores Intel is known to have two major processor core teams. The first is part of Intel's Israel Development Center, or IDC. The second is part of Intel's Hillsboro, Ore., site, known as the Converged Core Development Organization, or CCDO for short. These teams work on new processor cores in a staggered fashion. For example, CCDO developed the Haswell and Broadwell CPU cores that were used in Intel's 2013 and 2014 processor families. IDC developed the Skylake and Cannonlake cores -- the latter likely to be a mild enhancement to the Skylake core -- that Intel has been using since the second half of 2015 and will persist probably until late 2018 or early 2019. That Intel now plans to use the same fundamental core design for three years, rather than two, means that the company's core development teams now have more time to work on each new processor core. More time should mean more aggressive scope With additional time to work on these processor cores, Intel's architects should be able to add more features and deliver larger performance boosts generation over generation than they could previously. An extra year of development time is quite a lot and could mean much larger generational improvements. These future cores must last longer in the marketplace than their predecessors did. In a sense, if Intel wants to be sure that its processors continue to offer industry-leading performance, it's going to have to take larger architectural leaps. Icelake performance wish list When Intel announced its first Xeon D dense-server processors based on its Broadwell architecture -- a "tick" -- it showed the following graphic illustrating the improvement in performance per clock cycle for each of its cores dating back to the mid-2000s: Image source: Intel. Based on the data shown here, it's clear that Intel's new architectures deliver roughly a 10% boost in performance per clock while its similar architecture on new process cores achieves roughly 5% improvements on that same metric. Going forward, I think with the additional development time, Intel could achieve more along the lines of a 15%-17% performance per clock with each new architecture, beginning with Icelake, while getting around a 6%-8% improvement with the follow-on version of that core. These improvements, coupled with potential clock speed increases thanks to improved manufacturing technologies and more aggressive improvements in other areas of the chip, such as graphics, could allow Intel to deliver very compelling new products with each product generation. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 31, 2016 at 10:57AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Intel Corporation Needs to Deliver a Revolution With Icelake With more time to work on its processor cores, Intel should aim to deliver larger generational leaps to give consumers every incentive to buy new personal computers. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Oct 31, 2016 at 10:57AM In the past, microprocessor giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) product methodology was known as tick-tock. This strategy was very simple to understand: In alternating years, the company produced a product known either as a "tick" or a "tock." A "tick" essentially boiled down to Intel's taking a prior-generation chip design, making some minor enhancements to said design, and then building it in a brand-new chip manufacturing technology. After a "tick" would come a "tock." A "tock" involved Intel's making significant changes to the underlying design of the processor architecture. However, that all-new architecture would be implemented in largely the same manufacturing process as the prior-generation "tick" product was. The new development methodology at Intel is known as process-architecture-optimization (let's use the commonly used abbreviation "PAO"). The "process" and "architecture" steps basically correspond to the "tick" and "tock" steps, respectively. The wrinkle is that, going forward, the company intends to add a third step, known as "optimization." Based on the first "optimization," it seems that with this step Intel doesn't make significant changes to the underlying processor architecture and instead relies on enhancements to the manufacturing technology to ultimately deliver better product performance. Considering this, it's important that, going forward, Intel delivers essentially game-changing innovations with each of its "architecture" steps, beginning with a product known as Icelake. Core 2 Duo -- the very first "tock" in Intel's now-defunct tick-tock development methodology. Image source: Intel.  Intel now has more time to work on its processor cores Intel is known to have two major processor core teams. The first is part of Intel's Israel Development Center, or IDC. The second is part of Intel's Hillsboro, Ore., site, known as the Converged Core Development Organization, or CCDO for short. These teams work on new processor cores in a staggered fashion. For example, CCDO developed the Haswell and Broadwell CPU cores that were used in Intel's 2013 and 2014 processor families. IDC developed the Skylake and Cannonlake cores -- the latter likely to be a mild enhancement to the Skylake core -- that Intel has been using since the second half of 2015 and will persist probably until late 2018 or early 2019. That Intel now plans to use the same fundamental core design for three years, rather than two, means that the company's core development teams now have more time to work on each new processor core. More time should mean more aggressive scope With additional time to work on these processor cores, Intel's architects should be able to add more features and deliver larger performance boosts generation over generation than they could previously. An extra year of development time is quite a lot and could mean much larger generational improvements. These future cores must last longer in the marketplace than their predecessors did. In a sense, if Intel wants to be sure that its processors continue to offer industry-leading performance, it's going to have to take larger architectural leaps. Icelake performance wish list When Intel announced its first Xeon D dense-server processors based on its Broadwell architecture -- a "tick" -- it showed the following graphic illustrating the improvement in performance per clock cycle for each of its cores dating back to the mid-2000s: Image source: Intel. Based on the data shown here, it's clear that Intel's new architectures deliver roughly a 10% boost in performance per clock while its similar architecture on new process cores achieves roughly 5% improvements on that same metric. Going forward, I think with the additional development time, Intel could achieve more along the lines of a 15%-17% performance per clock with each new architecture, beginning with Icelake, while getting around a 6%-8% improvement with the follow-on version of that core. These improvements, coupled with potential clock speed increases thanks to improved manufacturing technologies and more aggressive improvements in other areas of the chip, such as graphics, could allow Intel to deliver very compelling new products with each product generation. Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached at TMFChipFool@gmail.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Oct 31, 2016 at 10:57AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $34.91 up $0.43 (1.25%) Read More Which of These Companies Could Buy InvenSense? Intel Corporation Needs to Hustle on 10-Nanometer Server Chips Better Buy: Micron Technology, Inc. vs. Intel Corp. Could Intel's Latest AI Partnership Hurt Ambarella? 3 Ways Intel Corporation Has Changed in 3 Years Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware New MacBook Pro is an Intel/ARM hybrid, and here's why it's a big deal The new MacBook Pro has an Intel chip powering the main computer, and an additional ARM processor for the Touch Bar and Touch ID, which are essentially run by watchOS. By Conner Forrest | October 31, 2016, 7:44 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: James Martin/CNET When Tim Cook and company took the stage in late October to announce the latest iteration of the MacBook Pro line, the most alluring feature was the new Touch Bar and Touch ID integration. The Touch Bar is multi-touch retina display that replaced the area normally reserved for the function keys, and allows for customization. However, the Touch Bar brings with it another new feature of the MacBook Pro—an ARM processor. The core computing functions in the MacBook Pro are handled by a standard Intel chip (core i5 or i7), but a standalone T1 ARM chip handles the security for the Touch Bar, Touch ID, and the camera, implementing Apple's Secure Enclave. So, what exactly is the T1 chip? As noted by developer Steven Troughton-Smith on Twitter, the T1 is "very similar to S1," which is the chip that runs the Apple Watch. However, what may be even more interesting, Troughton-Smith wrote, is that the Touch Bar seems to be running the watchOS, or a variant of it. SEE: Apple's new MacBook Pro: 4 things professionals need to know Additionally, there may also be some evidence that the Touch Bar itself is independent from macOS Sierra, and could potentially run while the machine is turned off, as reported by The Verge. Although, that doesn't mean they don't work together. Currently, the two operating systems send data back and forth, which allows macOS to relay relevant information about touch events back to the Touch Bar, Troughton-Smith wrote. Regardless, the addition of the ARM processor to handle certain functions frees up the traditional Intel processor for more compute-intensive tasks, so the processor won't be bogged down by the Touch Bar and Touch ID. The inclusion of a secondary processor opens up a lot of possibilities for the future of the MacBook line. Of course, we could potentially see ARM-powered peripherals, such as a wireless keyboard with Touch ID. If the technology advanced enough, though, it might even be possible for us to see a fuller version of iOS embedded within a MacBook Pro, furthering the productivity of tools such as Continuity, which Apple introduced with Mac OS X Yosemite and iOS 8. SEE: Apple MacBook Pro 2016: The smart person's guide Despite the hype Apple built around the Touch Bar, the guidelines for developing with it are somewhat limiting. According to Apple's official documentation, "The Touch Bar shouldn't display alerts, messages, scrolling content, static content, or anything else that commands the user's attention or distracts from their work on the main screen." That could kill some of the potential productivity provided for business users, but Apple could eventually back off of that if it receives enough pushback. As of the time of this writing, the Touch Bar hasn't hit the public market yet, so it is unclear how it will be received. While some have lauded Apple for the design, others have questioned why the company didn't simply introduce a full touch screen Mac. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers The new MacBook Pro has both an Intel core processor and an ARM processor to help handle the Touch Bar and Touch ID functions. The secondary ARM processor could open up new possibilities for MacBooks in the future, with additional features for continuity and peripheral devices. It is unclear how the market will respond to Apple's Touch Bar, as many called for a full touch screen Mac. Stay informed, click here to subscribe to the TechRepublic Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple MacBook Pro 2016: The smart person's guide (TechRepublic) I'm buying a new MacBook Pro, but the Surface Studio took my breath away (ZDNet) Photos: A first look at Apple's brand new MacBook Pro and Apple TV features (TechRepublic) Surface Studio and MacBook Pro forge diverging paths to PC productivity (ZDNet) A bumpy iPhone 7 upgrade: Lessons to learn from a longtime Apple user (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Videos About en de es fr it nl pt The VICE Channels Share Tweet Motherboard Motherboard Watch Sections Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Latest Videos Documentaries Interviews Machines Discoveries Space Futures Gaming Earth Follow Motherboard Newsletter Wheelie: Hoo-box.com A New Era of Assistive Technologies for People with Disabilities Written by Joseph Neighbor October 31, 2016 // 10:17 AM EST Copy This URL 3D cameras have ushered in a new era of assistive technologies for people with disabilities. One such project, the Wheelie, allows users to control a wheelchair using only their facial expressions. Designed by Paulo Gurgel Pinheiro -- a Brazil-based Intel® Innovator, co-founder and CEO of HOOBOX Robotics -- Wheelie could radically improve the lives of millions whose mobility has been compromised by ALS, quadriplegia, and stroke. Motherboard spoke with Pinheiro about the promise of 3D cameras, and its potential to help us “hack disability.” Can you give me a little background on yourself? I got my PhD in computer science and robotics in 2013. My focus was on developing localization solutions for mobile robots. You know Roomba, the robots that clean the floor autonomously? At that time, when I was in school, they were not able to go from point A to point B on their own. We built a solution for this. Afterwards, I started a postdoc program, which is when I began working with wheelchairs. We put that same localization system into wheelchairs, basically. What do you mean by “localization”? In order for a robot to go from point A to B autonomously, it first has to know where it is to start with. And it has to locate itself very quickly, because Roomba is supposed to clean the floor, not spend forever trying to find its poles. This is the problem we solved. With Roomba, we installed a very cheap, tiny camera, which uses AI to match what it sees with a map of the house. But with the wheelchair, we have an Intel® RealSense™ 3D camera, which allows us to do the localization really fast. Localization is one thing we can do, but it’s not really the heart of Wheelie. Facial mapping. Hoo-box.com Alright, tell us what Wheelie is all about. Wheelie is the first computer program that can translate facial expressions into commands that can be sent to a wheelchair, allowing a disabled person to control its movements. We place an Intel® RealSense™ 3D camera in front of the user, which records their facial expressions; so when the user smiles, for instance, the camera records certain points around the mouth. Our software then classifies those points, recognizing that the user is performing a smile, and then translates that smile into a command for the wheelchair. So when the user smiles, the wheelchair will stop, for example. This entire process occurs in less than 0.7 seconds. It’s just not something you can do with 2D cameras. When someone uses it for the first time, do you have to calibrate it so the program recognizes that person’s particular way of smiling? No, it understands that the mathematics behind your smile is the same as my smile, even though we look different. This is the artificial intelligence in our classifier, which behaves like us. For example, I may never have seen a person before, but I'm able to recognize when a person is raising their eyebrows or giving a kiss. Wheelie uses the same behavior to interact with people. What kind of hardware and software are you using? For the camera, we use an Intel® RealSense™ F200. Recently, Intel demoed the Euclid, which is a wireless RealSense camera with a self-contained PC, all about the size of a candy bar. I'm very excited to get one next year and start running Wheelie with it. Actually, Wheelie could be a feature inside Euclid, which people with disabilities could use to control anything at home with facial expressions. The set-up also requires an onboard computer. The one we use is an Intel® NUC, a mini PC that fits on the back of the wheelchair. The next step this year will be to get Wheelie running on the Intel® RealSense™ Robotic Development Kit, which is a smaller PC for RealSense cameras. We hope to do it this year. For the software, we use the Intel® RealSense™ SDK to get those points on the face -- 78 in total. Even though the SDK comes with some programs that recognize facial expressions, we decided to build our own classifier to get that 0.7 second response time. Is there particular significance to 0.7 seconds? Yes. We can actually do it faster, but it can’t be too fast because users need time to make an expression and then observe the wheelchair responding. We’ve found that 0.7 seconds feels natural and comfortable to most people. How important has user feedback been to designing it? When I started my postdoc program, I had to develop an interface to control a wheelchair. So we tried a lot of things, like putting sensors on the user’s face, or goggles with cameras that track eye movement -- anything to make a wheelchair move. But when we talked to people with ALS, stroke victims or quadriplegics, many said they don't want to use any body sensors. First, they would need someone to put the sensors on every time. Second, it's not comfortable. And third, you can't go in public with a lot of sensors on your face and neck and head. But we didn't have another solution. Moving around your home or office requires some delicate and complex maneuvers. Without body sensors, our program was just too inefficient. Then I started working with Intel® RealSense™ last July. I built a very good classifier to use with it, which became the solution. Without using any body sensors, we have maintained -- improved, actually -- the efficiency of the program. Hoo-box.com What was the biggest challenge you ran into? To classify facial expressions. That was our main challenge. Especially tricky expressions like a half-smile. People have different abilities, of course; I can perform a smile comfortably, but for someone who has suffered a stroke, for example, it’s not so easy. We work with some people with ALS, for instance, who cannot raise their eyebrows. So we had to improve the classifier to recognize other key expressions, like half-smile. Half-smile works great for stroke victims; it's one of the favorite facial expressions people use. Every time we talk to a user, we get ideas about new expressions we could put in our classifier. So far, we have up to 7. You can choose the expression you want to assign to each command. Kiss to move forward, raise eyebrows to turn right, smile to stop, etc. But if you can’t perform that many expressions, it's ok, too; we designed a circular menu with highlighting buttons that requires just two facial expressions to use. Another challenge was to make it possible to use Wheelie in different lighting conditions. We want to to use it in a bright room with a lot of light, but in a dark room, it's supposed to work as well. It took a lot of work to do this, as well as put it all together in a comfortable interface. How do you know when the user is smiling at a joke or smiling to control the chair? First off, we have voice recognition that allows them to enable and disable the interface anytime they want, so they can react normally without interfering with the system. But to answer your question, we can’t tell when a person is smiling to control the wheelchair or smiling at a joke they heard. That's why we always use smile to stop the wheelchair: for safety. We can tell when a person is coughing or sneezing, though. We have a classifier for this, so it won’t interfere with the system. It's so elegant. We know when people are going to cough before they do it, but smiling is trickier. How do you see this technology improving lives of people with disabilities? There are more than 3 million people in the world that would benefit from the Wheelie: people with ALS, quadriplegia, victims of stroke, etc. Every year, more than 400,000 people worldwide are going to suffer an injury, many of whom could benefit from the Wheelie. What we started to do here was to develop a mobility solution. But now we know that Wheelie is more than that: The users are not only improving their mobility, but also their self-esteem and their autonomy. This has become more important to us. It’s a good thing we did not expect to happen. 3D cameras are able to interact with people in a very natural and comfortable way. Using this technology, I think we have a chance to, as I like to say, “hack disability,” just like one hacks a computer to install software to make it run better. If I can provide a Wheelie to improve a person’s mobility, and then this user can interact more with people, decreasing their isolation, closing that social gap between them and others, I'll be happy. The Intel® Developer Zone offers tools and how-to information to enable cross-platform app development through platform and technology information, code samples, and peer expertise in order to help developers innovate and succeed. Join communities for the Internet of Things, Intel® RealSense™ Technology, Modern Code, Machine Learning and Game Dev to download tools, access dev kits, share ideas with like-minded developers, and participate in hackathons, contests, roadshows, and local events. Topics: Intel, sponsored Contact Motherboard by email. You can reach us at letters@motherboard.tv. Letters may be published. Want to see other people talking about Motherboard? Check out our letters to the editor. Recommended Intel Wants to Replace Fireworks With Drones A 'Cognitive Healthcare System' is Changing Medical Practices in Remote Areas ​Intel’s Skull Canyon Pushes the Limits of Processor Based Graphics The Impact of Affordable Smartphones Emergency Tactics For Surviving the Arctic What to Do When You're Stuck on a Glacier Follow Us Everywhere Most Popular What a Trump Presidency Means For Science After 20 Minutes of Listening, New Adobe Tool Can Make You Say Anything Vancouver Considers Abandoning Parts of the Coast Because of Climate Change How We Plan to Cover the Environment In a Trump Presidency The Canadian Military Is Investigating a Mysterious Noise In the Arctic Why Some Apple Fans Are Considering a Hackintosh © 2016 Vice Media LLC About Motherboard About Motherboard Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> CPUs Desktop Kaby Lake-S i7/i5 Lineup and 200-Series Chipsets Leaked by Ian Cutress & Anton Shilov on October 31, 2016 10:00 AM EST Posted in CPUs Intel 14nm Kaby Lake 200-series 71 Comments | Add A Comment 71 Comments + Add A Comment Intel has already started to sell low-power dual-core Core i5/i7 Kaby Lake microprocessors for notebooks, but desktop parts with four cores and high frequencies are due in early 2017, as Intel announced back at IDF and the Kaby Lake-Y/U launch. In advance of the desktop launch, as is typical with how CPUs are launched, Intel has to send out qualification and near-retail samples to partners for pre-testing of release systems. Typically this is kept under wraps, without official public announcements (it's up to you how many of the leaks you want to believe), but late last week Intel sent out a 'Product Change Notification' through its online/public channels, with details about a good portion (no way to tell if it is all the SKUs) of Intel's Core i7 and Core i5-7000 series parts. Within the PCN, Intel notified its customers about an additional assembly/packaging site for its desktop Kaby Lake-S chips in Vietnam and therefore had to disclose model numbers of the CPUs as well as some of the specifications. In addition, in a separate PCN detailing package adjustments for how chipset ICs are shipped, it would seem that Intel has also mentioned names of its upcoming 200-series chipsets. Gallery: Intel Discloses Kaby Lake-S Lineup, Base Frequencies According to Intel’s document for partners, the company intends to release at least 11 quad-core processors for desktops based on the Kaby Lake microarchitecture in Q1. What is noteworthy is that the company wants its customers to get ready to receive the first shipments of the KBL-S chips assembled in Vietnam starting from November 4, 2016, this week (which means that the final specs of the new processors have been set and will only be changed in extreme circumstances). The initial KBL-S lineup would seem to include three Core i7 SKUs, seven Core i5 CPUs as well as one Xeon E3 v6 product. (The fact that a Xeon v6 is included in this is interesting, given that Intel removed standard chipset support for Xeon E3 CPUs with Skylake and v5, meaning that both consumer and enterprise platforms are due to land in January.) All the Kaby Lake-S processors will use the B0 stepping of the core, and will have 100-300 MHz higher base frequency compared to their Skylake-S counterparts. The PCN does not explicitly state the TDP, however we do not expect much to change given the slightly improved 14+ nm technology and the increased frequencies (same thing applies to cache size, which has been consistent for several generations). We have already observed that mobile Kaby Lake CPUs have higher clock rates compared to their predecessors due to enhancements of Intel’s 14+ nm process technology, and we see that their desktop brethren also have improvements on this front. We do not have the final Turbo frequencies at hand, but we expect them to be considerably higher than the base clock rates. Basic Specifications of Quad-Core Intel Core i5/i5 and Xeon E3 Kaby Lake-S Skylake-S Model Cores /Threads Freq. (Base) TDP Product Code S-Spec Model Freq. (Base) i7-7700K 4/8 4.2 GHz 95W CM8067702868535 SR33A i7-6700K 4.0GHz i7-7700 3.6 GHz 65W CM8067702868314 SR338 i7-6700 3.4GHz i7-7700T 2.9 GHz 35W CM8067702868416 SR339 i7-6700T 2.8GHz i5-7600K 4/4 3.8 GHz 95W CM8067702868219 SR32V i5-6600K 3.5GHz i5-7600 3.5 GHz 65W CM8067702868011 SR334 i5-6600 3.3GHz i5-7600T 2.8 GHz 35W CM8067702868117 SR336 i5-6600T 2.7GHz i5-7500 3.4 GHz 65W CM8067702868012 SR335 i5-6500 3.2GHz i5-7500T 2.7 GHz 35W CM8067702868115 SR337 i5-6500T 2.5GHz i5-7400 3.0 GHz 65W CM8067702867050 SR32W i5-6400 2.7GHz i5-7400T 2.4 GHz 35W CM8067702867915 SR332 i5-6400T 2.2GHz E3-1205v6 ?/? 3.0 GHz ? CM8067702871025 SR32D - - Additional Info from Other Sources i3-7300* 2/4 4.0 GHz 65W ? SR2MC i3-6300 3.8 GHz Pentium G4620* 2/2 3.8 GHz 51W ? SR2HN Pentium G4520 3.6 GHz Pentium G3950* 2/2 3.0 GHz 51W ? SR2MU Pentium G3920 2.9 GHz *CPU details taken from this piece at PCOnline Aside from the 14+ process offering higher frequencies, the base microarchitecture of Kaby Lake-S, as explained at the release of Kaby Lake-Y/U in September, is essentially the same as Skylake. However, on top of increasing the frequencies, Intel is also adding in Speed Shift v2 which allows for much quicker adjustments in CPU frequency over Skylake (down to 10ms rather than 30ms). It remains to be seen is whether the new 14+ process technology will also enable considerably higher overclocking potential compared to existing CPUs. If it does, then the new chips have a chance to become rather popular among enthusiasts, potentially toppling the i7-2600K as a long term favorite. It might be noted is that Intel’s Kaby Lake-S will have to compete not only against their predecessors, but also against AMD’s Zen products due in Q1. That being said, some would argue that given AMD's recent presentation of certain benchmark metrics, Zen is geared more towards the high-end desktop crowd. Nevertheless, it looks like early 2017 is going to be an interesting time for microprocessors. 200-Series Chipsets In addition to model numbers of its Kaby Lake CPUs, Intel also revealed the names of its 200-series chipsets in another document it sent to partners. As expected, the lineup will include the Z270 PCH for enthusiast-class PCs with overclocking capabilities; Q270, H270 and H250 for mainstream systems and B250 for office/business computers.  Intel 200-Series Chipsets Name Socket Stepping Product Code S-Spec Intel H270 LGA1151 A0 GL82H270 SR2WA Intel Z270 GL82Z270 SR2WB Intel B250 GL82B250 SR2WC Intel Q250 GL82Q250 SR2WD Intel Q270 GL82Q270 SR2WE   Intel C422 LGA1151? A0 GL82C422 SR2WG Intel X299 ?!? A0 GL82X299 SR2Z2 Also in the list of chipsets were a couple of unknowns as well. Listed in the PCN is C422, which because it has a 'C' in the name means that this is typically geared towards workstations and Xeon platforms. This may be in line with the E3-1205 v6 CPU SKU as seen in the processor list. Also is X299, which really throws up a few question marks. The X-series chipsets are typically for Intel's High-End Desktop Platform (HEDT), and we've had X58, X79 and X99 in the last decade, from Nehalem up to Broadwell-E which was released back in May. This means either one of two things - either Intel is bringing the X nomenclature to Kaby Lake, the mainstream platform, or this is the next chipset for HEDT and the future Skylake-E series of processors. The first option in making X299 a Kaby Lake-related platform seems a little odd. However the second one, with Skylake-E, makes sense. After X99, the X119 name doesn't have the same marketability (if Intel was to keep parity with number jumps), but by pushing Skylake-E onto the 200-series naming as X299, it moves both mainstream and HEDT chipset naming strategies onto the same track. Note that we don't have a time-frame for Skylake-E as of yet. Intel’s motherboard customers, given the Q1 launch, must be ready to receive the 200-series PCH ICs on new reels. According to the PCN, these will come with additional protections bands starting from December 2, 2016. Intel may or may not announce the whole 200-series (not X) lineup at CES, given this late in the day adjustment to core components for the motherboards.  As for improvements of the Intel 200-series chipsets, we are still waiting on official confirmation as to exactly what to expect. Various unconfirmed leaks have indicated additional PCIe 3.0 chipset lanes, some new platform features and support for Intel’s Optane SSDs, however we will be here for the official launch when the time comes. It might be worth noting that almost all the motherboard manufacturers have now formally announced new 100-series BIOS support for Kaby Lake CPUs, meaning not all enthusiasts will have to get new motherboards. Gallery: Intel Discloses 200-Series Chipset Names Sources: Intel, PCOnline Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 71 Comments View All Comments Lolimaster - Monday, October 31, 2016 - link 12% performance increas is just from the increased clocks, this things don't even deserve news. Reply ikjadoon - Monday, October 31, 2016 - link I wonder if this is even good for overclockers. We would presume, on a "better" process, they got higher MHz at lower voltages (to stay within that 95W TDP envelope). But...honestly.....the i5-6600K (rated at 91W) maxes out around 70W. Technically, Intel may have just pre-overclocked Skylake a smidgen. If true, they'll run hotter than Skylake...because they just raised the voltage a smidgen, too. Well, this is a win for non-overclockers, though. Intel finally gives them that 'free performance that overclockers enjoy. Reply saratoga4 - Monday, October 31, 2016 - link >Technically, Intel may have just pre-overclocked Skylake a smidgen. FWIW, my Skylake system hit 4.5 GHz ... at stock voltage. I wonder if they've improved the TIM like on Devil's Canyon. Reply etamin - Monday, October 31, 2016 - link Luck of the draw. My 6700K needs 1.344V to hit 4.5GHz and refuses to go any higher no matter the voltage. Reply JoeyJoJo123 - Monday, October 31, 2016 - link My 6600k needs 1.44 Vcore at 4.6GHz to not bluescreen on the x264 stress test. It will also begin underclocking itself before the first pass finishes, as it hits 95C or so. I have it in a small form factor build, with a Thermalright AXP-100R with the fan replaced by a very large 140mm*26mm fan. The heatsink is rated for 180W TDP. So the thermals on extremely CPU intensive workloads like x264 aren't good. So yeah, I don't feel the TIM used under the integrated heat spreader is good at all. I've tried different thermal compounds over the integrated heat spreader, but none are effective at preventing the inevitable throttling that happens over a lengthy 100% utilized CPU stress test. That being said, it'll only be used for gaming, and no games stress the CPU 100% of the time, at worst it'll be ~75C in game benchmarks, which is perfectly acceptable. So I'm OK with the CPU melting (but stable) in unrealistic workloads, since it's just fine and never throttles on actual realistic workloads. Reply Byte - Monday, October 31, 2016 - link Maybe you should delid and put liquid ultra. It decreased temps over 10C. Its pretty easy, i just did 6 chips in a row. Didn't really help my overclocks that much though. Reply Notmyusualid - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link 1 for that. My Alienware 18 had been throttling constantly out in the Asian heat - if I even mentioned the word overclock. (Tmax for 4940XM is a mere 100C) Added Collabrotory Liquid Ultra, max temp is 85 - 87C now - and my basclock is upped to 4.1GHz too! Honestly that much of a difference. I wonder if the Dell tech was using toothpaste, (or more likely just had a bad batch of thermal insulaton paste?). Reply Macpoedel - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link You're talking about a laptop, you don't have to delid those (seeing as those processors come without a lid). You just changed the thermal paste as you would when installing a heatsink on a desktop. The problem with desktop processors is that you have a double layer of thermal paste, first between the actual chip and the lid, then between the lid and the heatsink. When Intel decided to cheap out on the paste between the chip and the lid, thermal performance has gone way down. But anyway, it's true that Dell isn't known for using good thermal paste (and for applying it properly). Reply Byte - Tuesday, November 08, 2016 - link They need something easy to put on for thousands upon thousands of systems, fast and hard to screw up. Toothpaste fits the bill. Or you wouldn't see dozen of companies selling thermal paste, I mean such a niche product! Reply colinstalter - Monday, November 07, 2016 - link I am able to hit 4.7GHz on my 6600k at stock voltages. I use a corsair single-fan liquid cooler and have yet to get over 55-60 C during stress tests. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Pocket-lint Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR News Reviews Features Deals YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home EE Pocket-lint Awards Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Britta O'Boyle31 October 2016Laptops Apple / Pocket-lint Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Decided you want an Apple laptop, but you're not sure which one is the right one for you? You've come to the right place. With seven MacBook models available before you even consider configuration options, it's not an easy decision, or a simple one. This feature rounds up all the MacBooks models offered through Apple, from the 12-inch MacBook to the new 15-inch MacBook Pro, to help you work out what each model offers, how much they cost, how they can be configured and what their pros and cons are. Read on to find out which Apple MacBook is the one for you. Quick summary The MacBook is the smallest, lightest and most portable MacBook available, but it is also the most restrictive in terms of ports and power. The MacBook Air is the cheapest MacBook available overall, and the lightest option for those after a little more power, larger screen and the convenience of ports. Its screen isn't as impressive as any of the other options but it does offer the longest battery life. The MacBook Pro (2015) 13-inch is the cheapest way to get your hands on the more powerful Pro range of MacBooks, and it offers ports, along with a Retina display. It's larger and heavier than the new Pro models though so less portable than the likes of the Air. The MacBook Pro (2016) 13-inch without Touch Bar is lighter and smaller than the older 13-inch Pro model, while offering more storage as standard and a brighter display. It doesn't offer the Touch Bar or Touch ID, and although it has two Thunderbolt 3 ports instead of a single USB Type-C port like the MacBook, it is still restrictive in the port department. The MacBook Pro (2016) 13-inch with Touch Bar is the model for those who want the power, the new lighter design, Touch Bar and Touch ID functionality, as well as more Thunderbolt 3 ports. It comes at a cost though, with a starting price of £300 more than the model without the Touch Bar. The MacBook Pro (2015) 15-inch is the cheapest way to get your hands on an even larger Pro model, with all the ports still intact and a Retina display. As with the older 13-inch model though, it is larger and heavier than the new Pro models, storage configuration tops out at 1TB and its screen isn't as bright as the new Pros. The MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar is the king of the MacBooks with the best power and largest storage options, biggest screen, new design and the Touch Bar and Touch ID features. It is also the most expensive however and this probably isn't the MacBook you'll want if you're constantly on the move. Apple Apple MacBook Dimensions: 280.5 x 196.5 x 35-131mm, 920g Display: 12-inches, 2304 x 1440 (226ppi), 300nits brightness Connections: One USB Type-C port, 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 10 hours Price: From £1249 to £1684 The MacBook is the smallest, lightest and most portable of the MacBook family, but it has the smallest display and it's not as powerful as the MacBook Air or any of the MacBook Pro models. The base model features a 1.1GHz Intel Core m3 processor and 256GB of storage, while the highest spec available offers a 1.3GHz Intel Core m7 processor and 512GB of storage. All configurations have Intel HD Graphics 515 and 8GB of RAM. The MacBook only has one USB Type-C port, which supports charging, USB 3.1, Native DisplayPort 1.2 video output, VGA output and HDMI video output. This means it isn't the most convenient MacBook for those that need to connect lots of devices, whether that's a camera, or an adapter to allow for the transfer of images from an SD card. It comes in Rose Gold, Space Grey, Gold and Silver colour options, all of which have a 480p FaceTime camera. Apple MacBook (2016) review: Is port-free still the future? Apple Apple MacBook Air Dimensions: 325 x 227 x 30-170mm, 1.35kg Display: 13.3-inches, 1400 x 900 (125ppi) Connections: Two USB 3 ports, Thunderbolt 2 port, MagSafe power port, SDXC card slot, 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 12 hours Price: From £949 to £1409 The MacBook Air is the oldest of the MacBook family and although it is no longer the slimmest, it is the lightest MacBook available for those after power and a larger display. It is also the cheapest MacBook and the only one to start under the £1000 mark. The base model has a 1.6GHz Intel Core i5 processor and 128GB of storage, while the top-spec available has a 2.2GHz Intel Core i7 chip and 512GB of storage. All model configurations feature Intel HD Graphics 6000 and 8GB of RAM.  The MacBook Air is a lot more flexible than the MacBook when it comes to ports, meaning you'll not only be able to pop in an SD card to transfer images, but you'll be able to charge your MacBook Air while doing so, or connecting to another device. For some, one port on the MacBook will be enough, for others it will be a pain, which is where the Air steps in. The MacBook Air comes in Silver and it features a 720p FaceTime camera, meaning video calls will be crisper than on the MacBook. Apple MacBook Air 13-inch (2013) review Apple Apple MacBook Pro (2015) Dimensions: 314 x 219 x 180mm, 1.58kg Display: 13.3-inches, 2560 x 1600 (226ppi), 300nits brightness Connections: Two USB 3 ports, two Thunderbolt 2 ports, MagSafe 2 power port, HDMI port, SDXC card slot 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 10 hours Price: From £1249 to £2419 The MacBook Pro family now consists of five options and last year's 13-inch MacBook Pro is the cheapest in the Pro portfolio. It is heavier and larger than the MacBook, MacBook Air, and the two newer 13-inch MacBook Pros, but it retains those connections, which may come in useful for some. The base model has a 2.7GHz Intel Core i5 processor, 128GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. The top-specced model available has a 3.1GHz Intel Core i7 processor, 1TB of storage and 16GB of RAM. All configurations feature Intel Iris Graphics 6000. Like the MacBook Air, the MacBook Pro (2015) features more flexibility than the MacBook when it comes to ports, as we mentioned. It adds a HDMI port, along with an extra Thunderbolt 2 port to its features in comparison to the MacBook Air. The MacBook Pro (2015) comes in Silver and it has a 720p FaceTime camera, like the MacBook Air. Apple MacBook Pro 13-inch with Retina display (early 2015) review: May the Force be with you Apple MacBook Pro (2016) vs MacBook Pro (2015): What's the difference? Apple Apple MacBook Pro (2016) - Without Touch Bar and Touch ID Dimensions: 304.1 x 212.4 x 149mm, 1.37kg Display: 13.3-inches, 2560 x 1600 (226ppi), 500nits brightness Connections: Two Thunderbolt 3 ports, 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 10 hours Price: From £1449 to £2439 This year's 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar is the model for those who want the power, aren't fussed about the lack of ports and don't want the Touch Bar and Touch ID, or perhaps don't have the budget for them. The base model has a 2.0GHz Intel Core i5 processor, 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. The top-of-the-range model has a 2.4GHz Intel Core i7 processor, 16GB of RAM and 1TB of storage. All configurations have Intel Iris Graphics 540. Like the MacBook, this 13-inch MacBook Pro lacks in the port department, though it does have two Thunderbolt 3 ports over one USB Type-C port, meaning you'll at least be able to charge it, while connecting to another device.  The MacBook Pro (2016) without Touch Bar and Touch ID is available in Silver or Space Gray, comes with a 720p FaceTime camera like last year's MacBook Pro and Air and has two microphones. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) preview: Air apparent Apple MacBook Pro (2016) vs Apple MacBook Air: What's the difference? Apple Apple MacBook Pro (2016) - With Touch Bar and Touch ID Dimensions: 304.1 x 212.4 x 149mm, 1.37kg Display: 13.3-inches, 2560 x 1600 (226ppi), 500nits brightness Connections: Four Thunderbolt 3 ports, 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 10 hours Price: From £1749 to £2759 This year's 13-inch MacBook Pro with the Touch Bar is for those who want the power and the latest features, but still in a compact and easily portable device. The base model has a 2.9GHz Intel Core i5 processor, 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. The top-specced model has a 3.1GHz Intel Core i5 processor, 16GB of RAM and 1TB of storage. All configurations have Intel Iris Graphics 550. Like the MacBook and MacBook Pro without Touch Bar, this 13-inch MacBook Pro says bye-bye to the ports again. It does however offer more than the previous two models, with four Thunderbolt 3 ports. You'll still need adapters to transfer images from an SD card for example, but the extra ports will allow you to do more simultaneously than you could do with the MacBook especially, but also the MacBook Pro without Touch Bar. The MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar and Touch ID is available in Silver or Space Gray, comes with a 720p FaceTime camera and has three microphones. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar: Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Apple Apple MacBook Pro (2015) Dimensions: 358.9 x 247.1 x 180mm, 2.04kg Display: 15.4-inches, 2880 x 1800 (220ppi), 300nits brightness Connections: Two USB 3 ports, two Thunderbolt 2 ports, MagSafe 2 power port, HDMI port, SDXC card slot 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 9 hours Price: From £1899 to £2709 Last year's 15-inch MacBook Pro the cheaper option for those who want the power, larger screen and the ports, but aren't necessarily as fussed about the latest and greatest features. The base model has a 2.2GHz Intel Core i7 processor and 256GB of storage and 8GB of RAM. The top-specced model available has a 2.8GHz Intel Core i7 processor and 1TB of storage. All configurations feature 16GB of RAM and Intel Iris Pro Graphics. Like the MacBook Pro (2015) 13-inch, the MacBook Pro (2015) 15-inch features more flexibility than the MacBook and new MacBook Pros when it comes to ports, as we mentioned. It adds a HDMI port, along with an extra Thunderbolt 2 port to its features in comparison to the MacBook Air. The MacBook Pro (2015) comes in Silver, has a 720p FaceTime camera, like the MacBook Air and offers two microphones. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) vs MacBook Pro (2015): What's the difference? Apple Apple MacBook Pro (2016) - With Touch Bar and Touch ID Dimensions: 349.3 x 240.7 x 155mm, 1.83kg Display: 15.4-inches, 2880 x 1800 (220ppi), 500nits brightness Connections: Four Thunderbolt 3 ports, 3.5mm headphone jack Battery: 10 hours Price: From £2349 to £4049 The new 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and Touch ID is MacBook for those after the power, the large screen and the latest and greatest features Apple has to offer. You'll need the budget with this one though.  The base model has a 2.6GHz Intel Core i7 processor, 256GB of storage and Radeon Pro 450 graphics. The top-specced model available has a 2.9GHz Intel Core i7 processor, 2TB of storage and Radeon Pro 460 graphics. All configurations feature 16GB of RAM. As with the 13-inch MacBook Pro (2016), you'll need to make sure you allow for buying any adapters you might need because the ports are limited to just Thunderbolt 3, though you at least get a few extra compared to the MacBook's singular USB Type-C port and the two Thunderbolt 3 ports on the new MacBook Pro without Touch Bar. The MacBook Pro (2016) comes in Silver and Space Grey, has three microphones, and it has a 720p FaceTime camera, like all the other MacBooks, except the 12-inch MacBook. Apple MacBook Pro (2016) with Touch Bar: Thinner, brighter, faster, and very touchy feely Here's how much the new MacBook Pro will cost you in new adapters and cables Sections Apple Laptops Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Five great deals in the GearBest 11.11 sale Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile... Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Dell Stack would combine all Windows 10 computing experiences into one mobile device Apple sale offers all USB-C adapters at discount, stock up now for new MacBook Pro Lenovo Yoga Book review: A keyless laptop from the future... that's stuck in the past Dell made its own Surface Studio-like PC with dual screens and a Dial Best laptop replacement tablets 2016: The best 2-in-1 devices available to buy now Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Thunderbolt 3 explained: The one port to rule them all Windows 10 Creators Update: 6 new features Microsoft didn't announce Microsoft Surface Book vs Apple MacBook Pro (2016): What's the difference? When is Android 7.1 Nougat coming to my phone? Can't buy a NES Classic Mini? How to build your own retro console for just £50 OnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 2: What’s the difference? Google Wi-Fi now available to buy: How does the mesh router work? OnePlus 3T launch event: What happened and can you still watch it? Quick! Amazon Prime membership slashed to £59 as a limited offer Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know OnePlus 3T vs Samsung Galaxy S7 edge: What's the difference? Will Galaxy S8 be Samsung's first phone with a Force Touch display? Black Friday UK laptop deals: The best laptop deals online Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Deals Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2016 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
null
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web UK-based AI startup raises $30 million to compete with Intel and Nvidia By Anthony Spadafora Graphcore has raised $30 million to compete against Intel and Nvidia in the field of chips for AI applications. Shares A UK-based startup aiming to compete against Intel and Nvidia in designing chips for artificial intelligence (AI) applications has raised $30 million in funding in order to launch its new processors. The company, which hopes to disrupt the current chip market, is called Graphcore and is planning to ship its chips to companies in a wide variety of fields including cloud computing and driverless cars sometime next year. The company is claiming that its processors will be up to 100 times faster than its competitors when it comes to teaching AI systems how to learn. Not only that, the chips will also be more energy efficient. Today's machine learning applications utilise high-end graphic processing units (GPUs) in order to handle the vast number of computations they perform. Nigel Toon, Graphcore's CEO, believes that this will not be the case going forward and that his company's chips will power these applications in the future. Toon explained how GPUs are not ideal for machine learning, saying: “GPUs have been built to run programs that completely describe the algorithm. Machine learning is different. You are trying to teach the system using data and that requires a different style of compute.” This is why Graphcore has developed a new type of chip it calls an Intelligent Processing Unit (IPU) that will come to market in 2017. The company has spent two years working on this new technology with the goal of reducing data centre costs while at the same time making them more efficient. Graphcore's chips could be used to not only run a data centre, but also to train AI systems during a server's downtime. Deep learning is a quickly growing market that will see continued growth going forward, with the marketing intelligence firm Tractica predicting that $41.5 billion will be spent on the hardware needed to power deep learning projects by 2024. Toon offered more details regarding the companies current investors, saying: “We have Bosch as a strategic investor, we have Samsung as an investor and Bosch is interested in autonomous vehicles and the next generation of transportation, while Samsung is interested in missing word edge of network devices. We are working with partners on some these other applications.”  Image Credit: Wichy / Shutterstock ABOUT THE AUTHOR Anthony Spadafora Anthony currently resides in South Korea where he teaches and experiences Korean technological advances first hand. Topics graphcore startup uk nvidia intel artificial intelligence Samsung Bosch Load Comments GET YOUR FREE eBOOK: LEARNING DOCKER worth £32.38 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for the ITProPortal newsletter to get this FREE 240 page eBook. + All the latest tech rumours, pre-release news, reviews & deals GET MY FREE eBOOK No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 3 How to tell if you've been hit by a DDoS attack, and 5 ways to be prepared 4 The top enterprise firewalls of 2015 5 Five of the biggest outsourcing failures 1 How flexible working is taking over, and improving, the modern office 2 ITSM is broken: establish a Centre of Excellence if you want to get it right 3 Platformification: underpinning future financial services 4 Preparing for PSD2 – How banks and retailers are approaching the five big issues around APIs 5 Why CFOs should be looking at SAM ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
null


Custom Search Home Recent News Categories Archives Help Section Submit Free Register Partners Contact Login Wed, 16 Nov 2016 01:41:10 -0600 Home Recent News PR Categories PR Writing Tips PR Dont's Sample Releases Submit Press Release Archives Contact us Hire a PR Writer Register FREE Login Advertise Arts Business Computers Education Entertainment Events Finance Internet Medicine Real Estate Society Sports Technology Travel Submit a Press Release FREE ! Register FREE ! Thecus® becomes an Intel® Storage Builder Strategy Partner 2016-10-31 Print Tweet   Thecus® and Intel® driving the Future of the of the Data Center FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Thecus® Technology Corp, has proudly become an Intel® Storage Builder Partner. This program supports members that leverage Intel architecture, to propel storage innovation and to accelerate optimized solutions to market. Intel Storage Builder members are given access to the tools, resources, and support they need to push boundaries and develop next gen storage solutions for the enterprise and cloud. Thecus is pleased to join the Intel Storage Builders program. The Intel Builders program provides Thecus with a powerful ecosystem of open collaboration between storage solution communities across data center environments. This now enables Thecus to work further in unison with Intel to deliver true innovation and advancement in the storage industry. said Florence Shih, General Manager of Thecus. Thecus has integrated Intels industry leading hardware and security into their products for over a decade, this alliance has led Thecus to develop a powerful presence in the Network Attached Storage industry. With the addition of Thecus into the Intel Storage Builder program, Thecus is perfectly primed to bring true storage innovation and greater advancements in reliability and performance to their global users.   Contact Info Thecus 15F., No.79, Sec. 1, Sintai 5th Rd., Sijhih Dist, New Taipei City 221, Taiwan Phone: 0226981788 Website: http://www.thecus.com       (C) 2014 - PR Urgent News. All Rights Reserved Terms of use | Contact | Advertise Disclaimer: We accept no responsibility for accuracy and completeness for any information of press releases published on this site as they are submitted directly by different companies/individuals/third parties. We recommend to directly contact the poster through the contact information published on the news release.
null
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomtek Releases Its Newest OPS-Compliant Digital Signage Player with Remote Management Features the OPS500-501 Axiomtek's newest 4K resolution OPS digital signage player features simplified installation and maintenance for multi-display applications. City of Industry, CA, October 31, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the OPS500-501, the company’s newest Intel® Open Pluggable Specification (OPS) compliant digital signage player which supports Intel® Active Management Technology (AMT) 11.0 for better remote management. This space-saving OPS player is powered by the 6th Generation Intel® Core™ or Celeron® processor with Intel® Q170 chipset, to provide outstanding graphical performance. It has one 260-pin DDR4-2133 SO-DIMM socket with up to 16GB memory capacity for extensive storage needs. Featuring Intel® OPS compliance, the 4K-ready digital signage player provides a high level of compatibility as well as simplified installation, maintenance and deployment for a lower total cost of ownership and higher return on investment. The OPS500-501 is ideal for multi-display applications in educational campuses, corporate offices, airports, shopping malls, hospitals, religious organizations, banks, retail stores, restaurants, performing art centers, and more. “The OPS500-501 has 4K Ultra High Definition (UHD) at 60Hz content, dual displays, and real-time audio and video to provide excellent multimedia performance. Featuring LGA1151 socket-type CPUs, the signage system can be maintained and upgraded easily,” said Product Manager Vincent Ji. “Moreover, by supporting Intel® AMT 11.0, the OPS500-501 can be managed, monitored, diagnosed and repaired remotely so that operators can work more efficiently while saving time and costs.” The OPS500-501 can be connected to OPS-compliant displays via a standardized JAE TX-25A plug connector, which supports DisplayPort, HDMI 2.0, UART, audio, USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 signals. To meet various application needs, the powerful digital signage system offers rich I/O interfaces on its front panel, including one USB 2.0 ports, two USB 3.0 ports, one COM port, audio (in/out), HDMI and a Gigabit Ethernet port. The OPS500-501 has one PCI Express Mini Card slot for WLAN connectivity and features one 2.5” SATA HDD for extensive storage needs. This digital signage player also runs well with Windows® 8.1 and 10 operating systems. The OPS500-501 will be available in December. For more digital signage product information or pricing, please visit http://us.axiomtek.com/ or contact a sales representative at solutions@axiomtek.com. Advanced Features: • Intel® Open Pluggable Specification compliance for easy installation and maintenance • High performance 6th Generation Intel® Core™ i7/i5/i3 or Celeron® processor • Supports DDR4-2133 SO-DIMM max. up to 16GB • Supports one PCI Express Mini Card slot • Supports 4K@60Hz resolution • HDMI for 2nd Ultra HD display • Intel® AMT (Active Management Technology) 11.0 for remote maintenance About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-888-GO-AXIOM Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Thecus® becomes an Intel® Storage Builder Strategy Partner Thecus® and Intel® driving the Future of the of the Data Center   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Storage * Technology * NAS By Industry: * TechnologyNEW TAIPEI CITY, Taiwan - Oct. 31, 2016 - PRLog -- Thecus® Technology Corp, has proudly become an Intel® Storage Builder Partner. This program supports members that leverage Intel architecture, to propel storage innovation and to accelerate optimized solutions to market. Intel Storage Builder members are given access to the tools, resources, and support they need to push boundaries and develop next gen storage solutions for the enterprise and cloud. "Thecus is pleased to join the Intel Storage Builders program. The Intel Builders program provides Thecus with a powerful ecosystem of open collaboration between storage solution communities across data center environments. This now enables Thecus to work further in unison with Intel to deliver true innovation and advancement in the storage industry." said Florence Shih, General Manager of Thecus. Thecus has integrated Intel's industry leading hardware and security into their products for over a decade, this alliance has led Thecus to develop a powerful presence in the Network Attached Storage industry. With the addition of Thecusinto the Intel Storage Builder program, Thecus is perfectly primed to bring true storage innovation and greater advancements in reliability and performance to their global users. For more information, go to www.theus.com Contact Thecus ***@thecus.com End Source : Thecus » Follow Email : ***@thecus.com Listed Under- Tags : Storage, Technology, NAS Industry : Technology Location : New Taipei City - New Taipei City - Taiwan A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Thecus News Thecus® Launches Thecus Connect™ Thecus® Adds Skylake CPU and DDR4 into their NAS Line Up Cosmetic Clinic Increases Connectivity with Thecus NAS (Case Study) Ennoconn® Corporation Acquires 60% Stake in Thecus Technology Corp Thecus® Expands Windows Storage Server Line-up with W2810PRO Trending AEFIS Ranked in Top 100 — Philadelphia Region's Best Peerless-AV® to Showcase Innovative Workplace Communication Solutions at CorpComm Expo 2016 WDNP Networks gears up for the American Music Awards BriskHeat Expands Product Offering with New Self-Regulating Heating Cable Line and Connection Kits Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 595 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 319 views The Ken Blanchard Companies® Wins 2016 Top Workplaces Award - 246 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 166 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 158 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 62207 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3748 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 766 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 537 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 536 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 311 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 218 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 200 views PM&E Inc. Is Pleased To Announce a Purchase Order for an EVADA A4 Ambulance - 174 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 152 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials Case Studies PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 31 Oct 2016 Images SAM4S Titan S260 view SAM4S Titan S260V view SAM4S Titan S260 view Social Media Video Other Files SAM4S Titan S Brochure Tags SAM4S PC POS EPOS Release Feed RSS FeedYCR Distribution Limited Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Digg This blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release New - SAM4S Titan PC POS Terminals Following on from the upgrade of the SAM4S SPT-4846 PC POS Touchscreen terminal earlier on in the year, SAM4S have now released some exciting new models that will be phased in during Dec ’16 and Jan ’17. The first models to hit our shores will be the SAM4S Titan S160 & S260, both models have a sexy new slim-line design which will complement a wide range of markets including hospitality, general retail as well as the fashion industry. SAM4S Titan S260 The SAM4S Titan S160 will be available in all black with the latest Intel Celeron N2807 Dual Core processor under the bonnet. The SAM4S Titan S260 will be available in black & white with the Intel N3160 Quad Core processor. Both models come with a 15” PCT Touchscreen which is now IP55 rated as well as a 64GB SSD drive as standard. (HDD available). POSReady 7 is available as standard with Windows 10 IOT available on request. The SAM4S Titan S260V will be available early Jan ’17 again incorporating the Intel N3160 Quad Core processor, 15” PCT Touchscreen panel which is also IP55 rated as well as a 64GB SSD drive. All models will have the new slimmer touchscreen housing that is more aesthetically pleasing to the eye as well as options for a slim line MSR reader, 2 Line, 9.7” & 15” rear LCD customer displays and all models are Vesa mountable. “We have been business partners’ with SAM4S for over 20 years now and the quality of the materials used in manufacturing and the ongoing reliability enables us to offer up to a 3 year warranty. We are very excited about the new range as it further increases our portfolio of high quality and reliable PC POS hardware that offers great value for money. The new designs which now have IP55 rating touchscreen panels allow us the opportunity to focus on markets that we have not necessarily been strong in.” explains John Hall – Managing Director YCR Distribution Limited. All models have been fully tested with some of the most popular Retail and Hospitality software solutions such as ICRtouch, Samtouch & CES software. With over 350 system providers’ nationwide, YCR Distribution are able to provide local sales and service support anywhere in the UK. About SAM4S. SAM4S a company within the Shin-Heung Precision Co. Ltd group was first established in 1968, is a middle standing enterprise with 4 affiliates, 7 business location in Korea and 13 overseas branches. SHC acquired the ECR/POS business from Samsung Electronics and secured credible partners from 60 countries worldwide. Since its founding in 1968, Shin-Heung Precision Co Ltd has grown as leading electronics parts and components provider in Korea. Based upon “ultra-precision parts and components” business that covers moulding, press and injection to manufacture parts for LCD/LED automotive parts and components, printers, ECR, POS, which we have developed ourselves by cooperating with the best partners home and abroad including Samsung Electronics, Hyundai Motors, LG Electronics, Sony, LG Electronics, JVC, Fujitsu, Toshiba. Sales turnover is in excess of 170M USD. About YCR Distribution. YCR Distribution is a leading distributor of EPOS, Point of Sale equipment and POS software solutions. Established 1973 we have worked hard to earn a reputation for being dedicated, reliable and customer-oriented. All sales, customer support and service work is carried out at our purpose built facilities in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire. As sole distributor’s for SAM4S products in the UK and key distributors of Bixolon, Honeywell and Sunlux products through our dedicated network of UK system provider’s, we are well positioned to provide the best hardware and software solutions for the Hospitality, Retail, Leisure and Charity organisations. In addition with our partners, Bixolon we supply label printing and mobile printing solutions for mobile payment, pharmaceutical and logistics industries. For more information contact. Nicholas Miles YCR Distribution Limited Business Development Manager. Tel: 01924 438238 eMail: sales@ycr.co.uk Web: www.ycr.co.uk Distributors of SAM4S ECR & PC POS Solutions, Bixolon POS, Mobile & Label Printer, Casio, Sharp POS System Equipment. Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2016 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost $349 Intel's upcoming Kaby Lake CPUs prices leaked, Core i7-7700K should be priced at $349 in the US By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Oct 31, 2016 8:31 am Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA There are a few retailers leaking the price of Intel's next-gen Kaby Lake processors, detailing the cost of the upcoming Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K CPUs.     Intel's flagship Core i7-7700K should be priced at $349 in the US, clocking in at 4.2GHz/4.5GHz for base/boost, respectively. We should find 8MB of L3 cache, and a TDP of 91W, with Intel tapping its 14nm Plus process.   The fastest Core i5 processor in the Kaby Lake family is the Core i5-7600K, a quad-core CPU without Hyper-Threading, still baked on the new 14nm Plus process node, with base/boost clocks of 3.8GHz and 4.2GHz, respectively. There's 6MB of L3 cache, and the same 91W TDP, while the price of the Core i5-7600K should hit $239.   Intel Kaby Lake CPU costs, so far:   Core i7-7700K - $349 Core i7-7700 - $309 Core i5-7600K - $239 Core i5-7600 - $219 Core i5-7500 - $199 Core i5-7400 - $189   Intel will be launching its new Kaby Lake family on January 5, right in the middle of CES 2017 - we will be there covering it all! Recommended for You Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production AMD's next-gen 'Horned Owl' APU arrives in 2017 >> NEXT STORY: Surface Studio selling out already, even at up to $4000+ << PREVIOUS STORY: RGB reaches DDR4 RAM, with GeIL's new EVO X series RAM Related Tags Intel Kaby Lake Intel Kaby Lake Intel Core i7-7700K Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
facebook tweet rss Home CONSOLE PC CHEATS/GUIDES MOBILE TECH MOVIES/TV VIDEOS 'Kingdom Hearts 3' Release Date, Gameplay, Latest News & Update: Highly Anticipated Storyline Leaked Online; Game Hits Market In 2018 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out More Here! ‘Scream Queens’ Season 2 Episode 6 Spoilers, News & Update: Major Character Died! Theories, Predictions Revealed! 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 5 Rumors, Spoilers, Latest News & Update: Damon Bids Goodbye? Theories, Predictions Revealed! See More XBOX PLAYSTATION NINTENDO 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out More Here! 'Kingdom Hearts 3' Release Date, News & Updates: Sora's New Drive Form Finally Revealed 'Sword Art Online: Hollow Realization' Latest News & Updates: Latest Sword Art Online Game Uses Twitter to Educate a Character Project Scorpio Latest News & Update: Microsoft Exec Calls Scorpio a True 4K, Most Powerful Console Ever See More 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out More Here! ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Latest News & Update: Top Reasons to Play Hacker Marcus Halloway, Gameplay Review ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Latest News & Update: Will GTA5 Take Advantage of PlayStation 4 Pro Enhancements? 'Dota 2 Monkey King' Release Date, News & Update: New Hero Power & Ability, More Details Here See More ‘Dragon Ball Xenoverse 2’ Gameplay, Latest News & Update: Unlocking All Characters, Methods, Skills, Super Saiyan Rose Goku Black & Bulma Explained ‘Final Fantasy XV’ Release Date, News & Update: Completing Boss Fight Takes Three Whole Days? PC Version To Arrive? More Gameplay Details ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Cheats, Tips & Tricks: How To Earn Fast Money in Ubisoft’s Latest Game; Best Hacks & Upgrades To Use ‘The Elder Scrolls 6’ Release Date, News & Update: Increased Character Customization, Advanced Combat in New Bethesda Sequel? More Gameplay Details Revealed See More iOS ANDROID APPS ACCESSORIES/CASES Google Nexus 7 Release, Specs & Price: Device Launch Still Worries Customers Despite Potential; Is it Worth The Wait? Why Many Businessmen Love The New BlackBerry DTEK60? Microsoft Surface Phone Release Date, Specs and Updates: How Will Windows 10 Mobile Change Phone's Functionality? ‘Pokemon Go’ Latest News & Updates: Niantic Rolling Out Rare-Spawning Lapras Soon! Find Out Where! See More TECH Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date, Specs, Features & Price: Launch Date Confirmed! More Exciting Surprises Revealed! Google Nexus 7 Release, Specs & Price: Device Launch Still Worries Customers Despite Potential; Is it Worth The Wait? iPad Mini 2 Won't Let Amazon Fire HD 8 Win Battle: Next iPads Rumors Surface Biggest iPad News! 12.9 inch Display, New Bezel-Free 10.9 Inch Variant Coming When? See More ‘Scream Queens’ Season 2 Episode 6 Spoilers, News & Update: Major Character Died! Theories, Predictions Revealed! 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 5 Rumors, Spoilers, Latest News & Update: Damon Bids Goodbye? Theories, Predictions Revealed! Michael Schumacher Health News & Update: Formula One Star's Condition Not Getting Better? Facebook Activated To Share Memories Of F1 Legend " 'Limitless' Season 2 Renewal, News & Update: CBS Considers Plot Change To Continue Controversial Show, Fans Disappointed? See More WALKTHROUGHS TRAILERS The #BestDayEver Chappie - Hologram Press Conference - Berlin to Ma... Ecostralis Product London & Partners and The Brooklyn Brothers launch... See More Microsoft Surface Studio out of Stock: Delivery will Start on 2017 Oct 31, 2016 03:34 AM EDT | By Gloven Ramos email print Sign Up for GamenGuide's Newsletter and never miss out on our most popular stories. Microsoft Surface Studio is a bold device aimed at winning more creatives over to the Windows way of life. (Photo: Screen grab from Tested/Youtube) Microsoft Surface Studio all-in-one computer announced as "out of stock" for pre-order on Saturday, October 29, 2016. Shortages of stocks are due to influx of orders. The shipment of deliveries will resume early on 2017. The three models of Microsoft surface studio: 1TB/Intel core i5/8GB RAM, 1TB/ Intel core i7/16GB RAM and 2TB/Intel core i7/32GB RAM, has been delayed for deliveries and unavailable for pre-order for the moment. The Intel core i5 models are scheduled for shipment in December and the Intel core i7 models are for early 2017. Some customers are disappointed about the shortages of the products' stocks, especially for those who pan for the coming Christmas for gifts. The company was overwhelmed on the high demand for the Microsoft Surface Studio but seems had mistaken on calculating the cautions when it comes to production. The company didn't disclose any details of the availability of the products. The price starts at $2,999.00 for the cheaper model up to $4,199.00 for the highest end model of Microsoft Surface Studio. The all-in-one computer introduced by Microsoft at the 'Window's 10' event last Wednesday, October 26, 2016. Due to the intimidating aspects, especially for artists and designers, the unexpected demand from people cause the pushed back f shipments schedule and shortage of inventory. One of the new technologies in the Microsoft Surface Studio is its device called 'Surface Dial'. It is a big puck that is works like a modern paint palette. When it is placed on the model's screen, a radial menu will pops up around it. Different brush and colour options for the user, as example, when a painting app is on screen, other apps create custom menus as well. It can also be used to navigate and pan around an image. There's still no announcement for the official release date of the Microsoft Surface Studio. However, if the pre-orders deliveries delayed, expect the same for the release date of the products. TagsMicrosoft Surface Studio Related Articles 'Battlefield 1' News & Updates: Very Huge Fall Update Now Available; Find Out Mo ... ‘Watch Dogs 2’ Latest News & Update: Top Reasons to Play Hacker Marcus Hallo ... ‘Grand Theft Auto V’ Latest News & Update: Will GTA5 Take Advantage of PlayS ... 'Dota 2 Monkey King' Release Date, News & Update: New Hero Power & Ability, More ... PowerAI Features, Latest News & Update: IBM & NVIDIA Team Up; Deep Learning Soft ... Get the Most Popular Gamenguide Stories in a Weekly Newsletter © 2016 Game & Guide All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Join the Conversation Share on GamenGuide.com facebook tweet rss Subscribe to our newsletter Please provide a valid email address Most Popular ‘Hitman’ Season 1 Latest News & Update: Complete Pack Of Stealth Action Gameplay Now Available; Where To Buy On Black Friday? Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare Remastered Has Hidden Weapons Including a Melee Shovel Ubisoft Latest News & Update: 'Assassin's Creed' 'Far Cry' Coming To Netflix; Jake Gyllenhaal In 'The Division' Film? 'No Man's Sky' News and Update: Developer Hello Games To Work On PS4 Update 'Pokemon Go' Latest News & Updates: Next Event For Niantic Game Before Thanksgiving Plus More Update Forecast 'World of Final Fantasy' News & Updates: Reviews Coming In; Is The Game Worth Playing? Find Out Here! 'God Eater 2 Rage Burst' & 'God Eater Resurrection' Latest News & Update: Gets Idolmster Operator & Costumes New Steam Games You Probably Missed This Week: Discounts on New Releases Including 'Spingun', 'Small Radios Big Televisions' ‘Pokemon GO’ Latest News & Update: Niantic Confirms Gen 2 Pokemon, Legendary Birds This December? Leaked 3D Gen 2 Models, Tracker, Trading! 'Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare' News & Updates: Game Getting Even More Microtransactions? Find Out Here! © 2016 GAMENGUIDE All rights reserved. About  |  Contact Us  |  Terms of Use  |  Privacy Notice  |  Advertise with us
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,275 Reviews & Articles | 52,907 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: Three awesome GIGABYTE Motherboards Intel Z170 Motherboards up for grabs! TRENDING NOW: Watch Dogs 2 first impressions Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's X299 platform to support Skylake-X, Kaby Lake-X Skylake-X and Kaby Lake-X will be on LGA 2066 socket, X299 chipset from Intel By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: Nov 1, 2016 11:41 pm Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Intel's next-gen LGA 2066 socket has been detailed, with a tease of the upcoming Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X processors, which will arrive in the second half of 2017.     Both of the new CPUs will support quad-channel DDR4, and while the Kaby Lake-X processors will take care of the mid/high-end markets, the Skylake-X is going to be a new beast. Intel's Skylake-X processor will be a huge 10-core/20-thread processor with undefined clock speeds for now, and 13.75MB of L3 cache.   Not only that, but Skylake-X is expected to support 48 PCIe 3.0 lanes for multi-GPU/enthusiast systems with add-on cards for RAID, 10GbE, etc. The Kaby Lake-X PCH itself has 24 PCIe 3.0 lanes, 10 x USB 3.0, and 8 x USB 2.0 - but the price of the Skylake-X is expected to reach around $1500, or more.   Both the new Kaby Lake-X and Skylake-X processors will be made on Intel's fresh 14nm process, with the Kaby Lake-X chips hitting a TDP of 112W, while Skylake-X ramps up to 140W. We'll be keeping a close eye on any news surrounding the next-gen processors, so stay tuned to TweakTown. NEWS SOURCES:Wccftech.com Recommended for You Intel's new Kaby Lake-based Core i7-7700K will cost... Intel's new Atom processor is a step closer to Skynet... Core i7-7700K hits 6.7GHz on LN2, i5-7600K 5.1GHz... Samsung: 10nm FinFET SoC now in mass production >> NEXT STORY: EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW catches fire on video << PREVIOUS STORY: The first Google Tango phone is here - Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Related Tags Intel Intel X299 Intel LGA 2066 socket Kaby Lake-X Skylake-X Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts HP's new super-small PC packs Intel Xeon, M.2 SSD, more Dishonored 2 crap perf on PC 'totally on us' says dev HBO's 'Westworld' renewed for a second season NVIDIA's new supercomputer will design next-gen GPUs Apple's new $300 design book doesn't include 3.5mm jackView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity Gigabyte X58-UD5 System Doesn't Boot Anymore! ADATA SE730 (2016) 250GB Portable SSD Review C2750DI no video/POST i can't install anything on my newly built gaming pc Samsung 960 EVO 1TB 1TB & 250GB M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD ReviewView More Forum Posts Press Releases Asius technologies crowdfunds to produce its revolutionary ADEL Drum Bionic earbuds University of Toronto selects CoolIT Systems to liquid cool signal processor for CHIME Project MSI VR One backpack PC and GS63VR Stealth Pro gaming notebook recognized as 2017 CES innovation honoree G.SKILL releases new RIPJAWS KM570 RGB mechanical gaming keyboard Next Generation Esports (NGE) launches BattleRekt tournamentView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2016 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Review By Hubert Nguyen on 11/01/2016 16:33 PST Samsung was the first major brand to announce a 12-inch HiDPI ultralight notebook running with Windows 10 and an Intel core m3 processor. The announcement sent shock-waves through the PC OEMs who were impressed behind closed doors. At 1.53 lbs (694g), the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S is impressively light and portable, especially when the lightest clamshell PCs often start at 11” and 2.3+ Lbs. An extreme design like this will, of course, have strengths and weaknesses. In this article, we aim at showing you what they are, so you can see the beat use cases and be able to map our experience to your needs. Configuration as tested The Samsung Galaxy TabPro S varies only in storage capacity (128/256 GB), so none of the variants would affect CPU/GPU performance. The SSD size could theoretically influence performance depending on the controller, but we only had access to one unit. Intel Core m3-6Y30 (0.9-1.51 GHz) 4GB RAM 128GB SDD [256 GB Max.] 108GB formatted Windows 10 Home [Windows 10 Pro] Industrial design The industrial design of the Galaxy TabPro S is very neat. At first glance, It is a metal and glass design, which look like a high-end 12-inch tablet. Interestingly enough the backside isn’t made of metal. Instead, it seems like a sheet of hard plastic, possibly to accommodate the optional wireless broadband LTE modem. The back seems to have been designed with the idea that most users will have the keyboard/cover on the laptop. Samsung Galaxy TabPro S Unboxing Ports The number of connectors is extremely limited: one USB-C and one 3.5mm audio ports. At the bottom of the TabPro S, there’s a proprietary connector for the keyboard, which is nice because a wired connection avoids lag, pairing and having to include a keyboard battery. This is always the preferred option from a user standpoint. At the top of the tablet, you will find the Power and Volume control. There are also two small holes which appear to be microphones. On the left side, there’s an additional button, which is the equivalent of the Windows “Start” button. The Stereo speakers are set on either sides when in portrait mode. The speakers output a quality sound, and you can most definitely enjoy listening music with them. From that, you can conclude that movie soundtracks and voices will come out nicely as well. Even at 100% volume there isn’t much distortion: it looks like Samsung tweaked things well. Keyboard (free / included in the box) The Galaxy TabPro S comes with the keyboard directly in the box, which explains why it is a little more expensive than the closest competitor, the Huawei Matebook Pro, which sells its keyboard/cover option for $129. I typically consider that the keyboard is a must-have feature, so most people should consider adding its price comparing with the Huawei Matebook. If you do not want to have the keyboard for some reason, then having it as an option may be a good thing. "REMINDS ME OF THE SURFACE PRO 3 KEYBOARD"The Galaxy TabPro S keyboard is fairly compact and reminds me of the Surface Pro 3 keyboard. Since then, Microsoft has gone with a better chiclet keyboard with a longer key travel. That said, the TabPro S keyboard is pretty decent and gets the job done, although it could certainly use some design improvements later. The trackpad integrated into the keyboard is relatively small but I found it to be sufficient, and it didn’t get in the way. Obviously, larger trackpads are more comfortable to use, but I don’t think that Samsung had a lot of options since the design is very compact and takes a minimal footprint on the table. Galaxy phone fingerprint unlock The Galaxy TabPro S doesn’t have a built-in fingerprint reader by default (unlike the Huawei Matebook), but Samsung added an interesting option to log-in via your (Samsung) phone’s fingerprint reader via Samsung Flow. It’s an interesting option which uses the phone as a proximity safety, but it adds just enough friction that I find myself not using it. If you have a long password, you could go through the effort, but I can type my relatively long password faster than login with the phone. Tip: How to Create a Strong, Easy To Remember, Password Learn more: How do Fingerprint Scanners Work? Your mileage can vary, and it’s nice to have the option — but in the end, it’s just better to have it integrated into the computer. Samsung Flow has other benefits, but I don’t think that it is a sway factor at the moment. Display (very good) The Galaxy TabPro S has a 12-inch, 2160×1440, Super-AMOLED, which means that it’s an AMOLED screen with an integrated touch sensor. Note that Super-AMOLED or sAMOLED is not a technology, but a Brand which is owned and used by Samsung. "THE SAMOLED DISPLAY IS SUPERIOR TO HUAWEI’S LCD IPS DISPLAY"With a pixel density of 216 PPI, thinks to very sharp (for a PC), and Windows 10 comes out nice and clear. We measured the maximum brightness at 206 NITs, which isn’t very much as many laptops can hit 300+ NITs. Concretely, it means that working in a sunny/bright environment may become challenging, especially since the screen has a glossy finish. Learn more: LCD vs. OLED. Which is Best And Why? Learn more: What is PPI? Learn more: High PPI displays: do you really need them? That said, the closest competitor, the Huawei Matebook’s brightness is about the same (216 NITs), so that’s about the best will you get with this kind of form-factor, since I consider the Surface 4 Pro a serious machine, but not quite in the same category of size and price. The sAMOLED display is superior to Huawei’s LCD IPS display in black-levels/contrast, and possibly saturation. The difference in brightness is small, and I don’t think it’s perceptible without instruments (216 NITs for Huawei vs. 206 NITs for Samsung). The difference in contrast is however visible to the naked eye, and everyone can see it. Webcam + Main camera (very good, for a PC) The Galaxy TabPro S has two cameras: a main camera at the rear, and a front camera (webcam) for video calls, and possibly selfies. Although both cameras are a far cry from what you can find on a Galaxy S7 phone, they are better than what’s in pretty much all the laptops I’ve played with recently, and it becomes the notebook to beat in terms of imaging and low-light selfies. That’s nice because, with the increasing quality of displays, it’s fair to say that the PC industry has been cheaping out on decent camera module. It’s nice to see Samsung put some pressure here, and the difference is worth mentioning as we would like to encourage higher quality notebook camera hardware. System performance In general, the Samsung Galaxy TabPro S has performance that is comparable to other computers running with the same processor. And because the Intel core m processor also integrated the GPU, the graphics performance is also very close from one computer to the other. The TabPro S does not have a core m5 option, so there’s no way to pay extra to gain a little CPU performance. Huawei’s Matebook does have an m5 processor and 8GB RAM option, which is a big deal for multitasking. The TabPro S now has a 8GB+ option (TabPro S Gold Edition), and although the lower memory amount won’t show up in benchmarks, it can affect performance if the system runs out of memory and starts swapping data (memory-intensive tasks like Photoshop/video editing). You may think that you’re “just browsing the web”, but leaving a bunch of browser tabs open can be incredibly taxing on the system too. Opinion: Are benchmarks important? What do they mean? With a score of 4868, the Galaxy TabPro S has an excellent mobile storage system, which is even faster than the Surface Pro 4 (4662 points, core i7), but Huawei’s Matebook benchmark scores are even a little bit higher 4921. In reality, those differences are not perceptible, but your takeaway is that storage is excellent. Speed in relation to price and weight In general, the TabPro S performs decently regarding its price and weight, but in most benchmarks, the Huawei Matebook has slightly higher performance which puts it just a little ahead. The difference in performance isn’t really perceptible, but this shows how competitive this space is, and how cutting-edge both companies are. It also shows that specialized designs can bring significant value to users who target ultra-light designs. Our charts clearly show that those small computers can pack a lot of punch in relation to their weight and that increasing the weight does certainly not increase performance linearly. But in absolute terms, you will have to make some sacrifices in terms of performance because these Intel m3 based computer designs flirt with the edge of a “good enough” user experience. From time to time, things can start feeling slow if you are not mindful of your resource usage. Battery With a 39.5 Wh battery capacity, the Galaxy TabPro S come ahead of the Huawei Matebook that has 33.7 Wh. That’s even more than the Surface Pro 4 which has 38.2 Wh while being 35% bigger in volume. While Samsung claims 630mm (10.5hrs of battery life), it’s not immediately clear in what conditions those numbers were obtained. Usually, this is done by watching a local video with the screen setup to be not overly bright. In my personal use case where I write and do some photo/video editing in the context of Ubergizmo, I wouldn’t expect more than 4 to 4.5 hours of battery if I’m mindful of power consumption. Keep in mind that things like web browsers can be deceptively power-taxing when many tabs are left open. The Galaxy TabPro S easily brings the most battery capacity for the price, and for the weight. At this specific size/weight point, that’s the most battery you will get. Samsung says that you can go from 0% to 100% battery in 150mn, which is a believable claim since battery charging measurement can be done very accurately. There’s also a “fast-charging” mechanism according to Samsung, but without further data, I can’t lend more or less credence to it. To date, the most effective fast-charging that we have seen comes from Lenovo, which can charge from 0%-80% in 30mn laptops such as the Carbon X1 (2014) or the Yoga X1 (2016) – this is a hot feature that every PC OEM should include, but yet, very few do. I’ll see if I can establish a baseline later. 0%-100% in 150mn isn’t super-fast when compared to what we’ve seen with Lenovo. Also, charging tends to slow down considerably after 80%, so Samsung should really communicate about 0-80%… just a piece of advice. OEMs should realize that fast-charging is one of the key features that this ultra-light category of laptops needs. There’s no way to put much more battery capacity in there, but it’s possible to replenish the energy storage faster. Conclusion The Samsung Galaxy TabPro S introduced an impressive world-class design that still leads the pack today. It competes with the Huawei Matebook which also has an excellent industrial design. A complete comparison between the two would deserve its own article, but the bottom line is this: The Galaxy TabPro S works better because it has a better keyboard design. There’s also a wireless broadband LTE version as well, which we have not tested. If you are shopping for a tablet-only Win10 device and don’t plan to use the Keyboard, the Huawei is arguably better in some ways, so it’s worth considering for that scenario. On Windows, I expect the large majority of users to want a keyboard. As you can see from the list below, both Huawei and Samsung have similar pricing once the keyboard is bundled. "AN IMPRESSIVE WORLD-CLASS DESIGN"Also, the Surface Pro 4 is never far from mind when talking about these tablet/notebooks. It’s important to understand that despite some design and pricing similarities, the “feel” of using and carrying a Surface Pro 4 is quite different. That is because it has a ~35% larger volume than the Samsung TabPro S. It’s fair to assume that if you’re reading this, size matters to you. If not, just get a Surface Pro 4 — if in doubt, try to hold them at a retail location. Microsoft has stores in many places and good show rooms. Performance-wise, the Core m platform is getting better. A couple of years ago, I wouldn’t have considered one for my use (trade shows…), but now it’s getting “good enough” for my needs. Keep in mind that these are still ultra-light computers who do have performance trade-offs, so avoid heavy multitasking and heavy workloads. Samsung TabProS (m3/128GB/4GB): $798 Gold Edition (m3/256GB/8GB): $999 Huawei Matebook (m3/128GB/4GB): $670+$129 (keyboard) = $799 Huawei Matebook Review Surface Pro 4 (m3/128GB/4GB): $899 Overall product rating: 8/10 Filed in Computers >Reviews >Tablets. Read more about Laptop Reviews, Samsung and Samsung Reviews. Related Articles 2016-11-15 Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Specs Rumored 2016-11-15 Samsung Developing Parental Control App For Galaxy Smartphones 2016-11-14 Samsung Pay Rewards Program Launched 2016-11-14 Samsung Galaxy S8 Rumored To Feature 3D Touch 2016-11-14 Samsung Announces Plans To Acquire Harman 2016-10-16 Samsung Refreshes Galaxy TabPro S With Improved Specs And New Paint Job 2015-01-21 Samsung T1 SSD Review: Portable Storage Redefined 2014-08-02 Samsung Chromebook 2 Review 2013-12-12 Samsung ATIV Book 9 Plus Review Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: This site is primarily supported by advertisements. Ads are what have allowed this site to be maintained for the past 12 years. We do our best to ensure only clean, relevant ads are shown, when any nasty ads are detected, we work to remove them ASAP. If you would like to view the site without ads while still supporting our work, please consider our ad-free Phoronix Premium. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. Google "Eve" Kabylake System Gains Coreboot Support Written by Michael Larabel in Coreboot on 1 November 2016 at 07:06 PM EDT. 1 Comment I haven't seen Google announce any Intel Kabylake powered Chromebooks yet, but activity indicates that they may not be too far out with now having mainlined Coreboot support for a new device codenamed "Eve". References to Google's "Eve" Kabylake device surfaced a few days ago in other Google repositories while this afternoon Eve received support in mainline Coreboot. The Coreboot commit confirms that Eve is a new board using a Kabylake CPU and the FSP 2.0 firmware support package. It's not clear if this is just a developer target or something to soon be released. Hopefully we'll end up seeing some Kabylake Chromebooks before the holidays. Those wanting to dig through the support landing in Coreboot can find it in Git. 1 Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Coreboot News Another Old Intel Motherboard Gets Picked Up By Coreboot AMD Stoney Ridge Support Lands In Coreboot Coreboot Lands More RISC-V / lowRISC Code Coreboot 4.5 Officially Released Libreboot Drama Continues, GNU Might Keep The Project Lenovo N21 Chromebook Now Has Mainline Coreboot Support Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Innovation What's under the hood of Daqri's $15,000 AR smart helmet Daqri recently released a developer edition for its augmented reality helmet. Read about Teena Maddox's hands-on experience and find out what's next for the Los Angeles-based startup. By Teena Maddox | November 1, 2016, 12:47 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Daqri tests the smart helmet on a robot at its Los Angeles headquarters. Image: Teena Maddox/TechRepublic Industrial uses for augmented reality (AR) wearables are on the rise, and earlier this year California startup Daqri launched an Intel-powered smart helmet. The third version of the helmet is now available in a $15,000 developer edition that debuted on October 31. The new helmet arrives just in time for an AR market that is predicted to hit $90 billion by 2020, with VR pegged for $30 billion by 2020, according to Digi-Capital. "It's been in the last year or two where augmented reality is where you can use it to solve hard problems. It's an exciting time for the industry," said Daqri CEO Brian Mullins, who founded the company in 2010. More about Innovation Our autonomous future: How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust Google Fiber pivots: What it means for the future of gigabit internet IBM Watson's latest gig: Improving cancer treatment with genomic sequencing Subscribe to TechRepublic's Next Big Thing newsletter. The helmet includes four cameras to help in assessing problems in the field by sending video in real-time to a technician in the office who can view what the on-site worker is seeing. "This is the first helmet that customers can work with directly and roll out. It's based on the last three years of working closely with key partners and designing specifically for field engineers. There are smart workers and they use valuable and sensitive instruments to get the job done. It connects them to more information, more knowledge, and it allows them to make better decisions," Mullins said. The company was originally located in Santa Monica, but when it outgrew that space in 2013, there wasn't enough room to expand in the area. Daqri moved to downtown Los Angeles, which has a thriving tech scene, Mullins explained. Daqri also has offices in the UK, Ireland, and Austria. SEE: AR and VR: The future of work and play? (ZDNet) Hands-on experience with the heads-up display During a visit to Daqri's headquarters, I tried on the smart helmet, which looks like a gleaming white motorcycle helmet, and was surprisingly light and comfortable to wear. At Daqri's Los Angeles headquarters, Senior Writer Teena Maddox takes the smart helmet for a test run. Image: Teena Maddox/TechRepublic I tested it in a series of applications. In the first, I was a field worker, assessing pipes, and as I looked at the pipes on the wall, someone from my fictional company's main office was able to remotely direct me through the repair job. They were able to see what I was seeing, and circle the problem areas and explain to me, through the helmet's speakers, what I needed to repair and how to do it. Of course, in reality I was simply speaking to a member of Daqri's PR team, who sat 20 feet away from me, but the concept was clear, and highly effective. In another scenario, with thermal imaging activated, I felt a bit like the lethal alien in "Predator." I was able to see which pipes glowed bright yellow, signifying heat, and which ones were red, signifying no heat. This is ideal for a quick scan of an area where mechanical components should remain at a steady temperature and not become overheated. It's also fun for viewing people, although I felt like a bit of a voyeur. Mullins said, "Augmented reality isn't about augmented reality. It's about augmenting people." He explained that people are smart, and if they have enough information, they can make the right decision. The helmet is ideal for all levels of field workers, from people on their first day at the job, to experienced technicians. While the smart helmet is ideal for industrial settings, there's also the consumer market. Daqri is working on a heads-up display for car windshields after acquiring Two Trees Photonics, a UK-based company that designs holographic technology, in March 2016. The laser-based technology projects information onto a vehicle's windshield for a futuristic heads-up display powered by holograms. I was also given a chance to see this new technology for vehicles. It's the ultimate way to use GPS, or be forewarned that another car is nearby. The hologram appears as an overlay on the lower right side of the car windshield, so that it doesn't block the driver's view of the road, but still allows for information to be shared with the driver. "Consumers will see augmented reality in their car before they see it in any other form factor. Three to five years down the road, you'll see it more and more," Mullins said. Three takeaways for TechRepublic readers On October 31, Daqri released a $15,000 developers kit for its AR smart helmet. AR and VR is predicted to be a $120 billion market by 2020, and only $30 billion of that will be VR, according to Digi-Capital. Daqri is also making a heads-up display for car windshields after acquiring UK-based Two Trees Photonics earlier this year. Innovation is what tech is all about. Read the latest news from TechRepublic. Subscribe See also: Daqri is opening an augmented reality research center in Austria (CNET) Augmented reality gaining more traction than virtual reality in the enterprise (Tech Pro Research) Ten industries using augmented reality and virtual reality (ZDNet) Photos: 10 augmented reality devices that will change the way you see the world around you (TechRepublic) Augmented workers: 3 ways tech is augmenting the ways we get things done (TechRepublic) Intel shows helmet that gives you X-ray vision (CNET) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Teena Maddox Teena Maddox is a Senior Writer at TechRepublic, covering hardware devices, IoT, smart cities and wearables. With a background in fashion writing at People and W magazines and WWD, she ties together the style and substance of tech. Full Bio Contact See all of Teena's content Google+ teena_maddox × Full Bio Teena Maddox is a Senior Writer at TechRepublic, covering hardware devices, IoT, smart cities and wearables. With a background in fashion writing at People and W magazines and WWD, she ties together the style and substance of tech. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Menu Topics Biomedicine Business Computing Energy Mobile Robotics 10 Breakthrough Technologies 35 Innovators Under 35 50 Smartest Companies Views Views from the Marketplace Top Stories Magazine Events More Events Special Publications MIT News Magazine Help/Support Log in / Register Subscribe Log in / Register Search Click search or press enter Computing Can the White House Make America’s Chip Industry Great Again? A new task force of industry experts wants to help home-grown semiconductor companies square up to their overseas challengers. by Jamie Condliffe November 1, 2016 The U.S. semiconductor industry faces increasing competition from overseas, but the government hopes a new panel of experts can go some way to ensuring that it maintains its dominance in the coming years. The domestic industry still isn’t in bad shape: according to the White House, it still employs 250,000 workers and is the third-largest source of manufactured exports in the country. And Intel remains the world’s biggest chipmaker. But its competitive advantage has certainly been slipping. That’s down to two main factors. First, the likes of Intel and AMD pulled up short on designs for mobile chips, an area now dominated by companies that specialize in low-power processors, such as ARM. Second, even when American companies, such as Apple, design chips that are built by U.S.-based organizations, like Globalfoundries, the hardware itself is now often manufactured overseas. President Obama tours an Intel manufacturing facility in 2011. There are other threats looming, too. China, in particular, is pumping $100 billion into subsidizing its own semiconductor market, while the slowing of Moore’s Law is causing industrywide headaches of its own. The new working group—made up of industry veterans from the likes of Intel, Qualcomm, and Microsoft—will seek to overcome some of those issues. John Holdren, director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy at the White House, explained in a statement that the group would “identify the core challenges facing the semiconductor industry at home and abroad and identify major opportunities for sustaining U.S. leadership.” In reality, that will mean finding potential new strategies—from radical new geometries and optical computing approaches, to increasingly specialized chips—and then investing heavily. Some of that will be private, such as Samsung’s new commitment to invest $1 billion into its semiconductor facilities in Austin, Texas, but plenty will come from the government, too. The all-American iPhone may remain somewhat of a fantasy for now, but at least a few more of its internal chips could end up being manufactured on home turf. (Read more: The White House,  Reuters, “The All-American iPhone,” “Intel Tries to Rearchitect the Computer—and Itself,” “Chip Makers Admit Transistors Are About to Stop Shrinking”) From Our Advertisers In partnership with Dynatrace Emerging Trend Analysis: What is Digital Performance Management? In partnership with Google Analytics Data Analytics and Machine Learning: Driving Speed to Insight Sponsored by Lenovo Trend Roundup: Data Storage and the Cloud Tagged Intel, ARM, chips, semiconductor industry, computer processors, Moore's Law Credit Photograph by Saul Loeb | Getty Jamie Condliffe News and Commentary Editor I’m the associate editor of news and commentary for MIT Technology Review. I put together our daily e-mail newsletter, The Download, from my base in London before everyone in the U.S. manages to wake up. I previously worked at New Scientist and… More Gizmodo, and I hold a PhD in engineering science from Oxford University. Subscribe to Continue Reading Uh oh–you've read all five of your free articles for this month. Become an Insider for unlimited access to online stories for less than $2 per month. Insider Online Only $19.95/yr US PRICE Subscribe See international, alumni and other pricing options Already an Insider? Log in. Have a magazine subscription? Activate your Insider account. Computing From the latest smartphones to advances in quantum computing, the hardware behind today's digital age is rapidly changing. Big Data Game-Changer: Alibaba’s Double 11 Event Raises the Bar for Online Sales The ever-expanding Double 11 Global Online Shopping Festival showcases Alibaba’s innovations in key technology areas such as big data, cloud computing, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality. Machine-Learning Algorithm Can Show Whether State Secrets Are Properly Classified AI might be able to determine why information gets either classified or declassified in error. by Emerging Technology from the arXiv Consumer Insurance Can Save Shoppers from Floods of Fake Gadgets To boost sales and assuage fears about shoddy goods, Chinese e-tailers let consumers insure their online purchases. by Yiting Sun More from Computing The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Follow us Twitter Facebook RSS   The mission of MIT Technology Review is to equip its audiences with the intelligence to understand a world shaped by technology. Browse International Editions Company About Us Careers Advertise with Us Reprints and Permissions Your Account Log In / Create Account Newsletters Manage Account Manage Subscription Customer Support Help/FAQs Contact Us Feedback Sitemap More Events MIT Enterprise Forum MIT News Policies Ethics Statement Terms of Service Privacy Commenting Guidelines MIT Technology Review © 2016 v.|eiπ| You've read of free articles this month. Subscribe Become an Insider or Sign in for unlimited access  to online articles .
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Computer Processors News Worried about China, the U.S. pushes for homegrown chip development The White House has established the Semiconductor Working Group to encourage development More like this U.S. government warns China to play fair in the chip market China loads up on chip technology with new ARM license The march toward exascale computers on IDG Answers What does com.android.mms mean? Credit: Intel Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Agam Shah Follow IDG News Service | Nov 1, 2016 12:03 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Computer Processors Computer Hardware Comments The world's fastest computer runs a Chinese chip, and that fact hasn't escaped notice by the U.S. government. So how does the U.S. government bludgeon the Chinese chip threat? A new U.S. government working group aims to encourage domestic companies to use homegrown chip technology and resist the urge to buy inexpensive Chinese semiconductors. The White House this week established the Semiconductor Working Group, a private-public advisory group that will create policy and research guidelines for semiconductor development. The ultimate goal is to retain U.S. leadership in semiconductor technology. Nations are waging a battle to build the world's fastest computers, and homegrown chips are at the center of that race. Supercomputers help with economic projections, weapons development, scientific simulations, and scenarios critical to national security. Advanced semiconductors will also drive the development of self-driving cars, robots, drones, and satellites. Semiconductors are building blocks for most electronics. "A loss of leadership in semiconductor innovation and manufacturing could have significant adverse impacts on the U.S. economy and even on national security," said John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. The working group is also encouraging the development of new types of computers. Companies are already developing quantum computers and chips mimicking brain functionality, which could eventually replace today's PCs and chips. Without mentioning China, Holdren said some countries subsidize chip development and dump inferior technology on U.S. companies. That hurts the development of new semiconductor technology, he said. "Such policies could lead to overcapacity and dumping, reduce incentives for private-sector research and development in the United States, and thereby slow the pace of semiconductor innovation and realization of the economic and security benefits that such innovation could bring," Holdren said. The call for national cooperation in semiconductor development is timely. Researchers believe that Moore's Law, a guiding light for the semiconductor development cycle codified by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, is coming to an end, creating an opportunity to rethink chip design. But technological challenges are holding back chip advances. It's becoming difficult to cram more features on smaller chips, and adoption of new materials and manufacturing technologies are progressing at a slow pace. Major chip companies IBM and Intel have their own ideas of what future PCs and servers will look like. One goal is to bring uniformity into semiconductor development so that large and small U.S. companies can benefit alike. The U.S. government may have its own interests in mind. U.S. companies sell chip technology to China, but the government has blocked some sales in the name of national security. Last year, the U.S. government blocked Intel from selling its Xeon chips for China’s supercomputers, reflecting concerns they could be used in supercomputers related to "nuclear explosive activities." The Semiconductor Industry Association, which boasts major chip companies as its members, applauded the formation of the working group, saying it was long overdue. "The chip industry spawns new industries, makes existing industries more productive, and drives advances once never imagined," said John Neuffer, president and CEO of SIA. The U.S. is creating faster supercomputers and has efforts to develop new computing technologies through the Brain Initiative, the Advanced Manufacturing Initiative, the National Nanotechnology Initiative, and Computer Science for All, which promotes technology education. Many other technologies are developed by private sector companies or academic institutions. It's unclear how effective the advisory group will be, but it'll likely have little impact in creating new semiconductor and computing technologies, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. This task force is being established just as U.S. President Barack Obama leaves office, and it may be scrubbed by the time the new president takes over. Moreover, little gets done in the U.S. government, and the working group won't change the way companies like Intel and IBM develop technologies or do business, McGregor said. The U.S. government needs to invest more heavily to assert its influence and drive technological change, McGregor said. The nominal U.S. government investments in technological development come through organizations like the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. By comparison, China, South Korea and Taiwan have centralized organizations that help consolidate IT and drive technological education, McGregor said. The working group should instead prioritize promoting STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) education and retraining the workforce for homegrown semiconductor development, McGregor said. A lot of chip development for companies like Intel and AMD are exported to countries like India, China, and Israel. Prominent members of the Semiconductor Working Group include Qualcomm chairman Paul Jacobs and former Intel CEO Paul Otellini. RELATED TOPICS Computer Processors Computer Hardware Agam Shah — U.S. Correspondent The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Worried about China, the US pushes for homegrown chip development Worried about China, the US pushes for homegrown chip development The White House has established the Semiconductor Working Group to encourage semiconductor development Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 02 November, 2016 05:26 - - - - print email Comments The world's fastest computer runs a Chinese chip, and that fact hasn't escaped notice by the U.S. government. So how does the U.S. government bludgeon the Chinese chip threat? A new U.S. government working group aims to encourage domestic companies to use homegrown chip technology and resist the urge to buy inexpensive Chinese semiconductors. The White House this week established the Semiconductor Working Group, a private-public advisory group that will create policy and research guidelines for semiconductor development. The ultimate goal is to retain U.S. leadership in semiconductor technology. Nations are waging a battle to build the world's fastest computers, and homegrown chips are at the center of that race. Supercomputers help with economic projections, weapons development, scientific simulations, and scenarios critical to national security. Advanced semiconductors will also drive the development of self-driving cars, robots, drones, and satellites. Semiconductors are building blocks for most electronics. "A loss of leadership in semiconductor innovation and manufacturing could have significant adverse impacts on the U.S. economy and even on national security," said John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. The working group is also encouraging the development of new types of computers. Companies are already developing quantum computers and chips mimicking brain functionality, which could eventually replace today's PCs and chips. Without mentioning China, Holdren said some countries subsidize chip development and dump inferior technology on U.S. companies. That hurts the development of new semiconductor technology, he said. "Such policies could lead to overcapacity and dumping, reduce incentives for private-sector research and development in the United States, and thereby slow the pace of semiconductor innovation and realization of the economic and security benefits that such innovation could bring," Holdren said. The call for national cooperation in semiconductor development is timely. Researchers believe that Moore's Law, a guiding light for the semiconductor development cycle codified by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore, is coming to an end, creating an opportunity to rethink chip design. But technological challenges are holding back chip advances. It's becoming difficult to cram more features on smaller chips, and adoption of new materials and manufacturing technologies are progressing at a slow pace. Major chip companies IBM and Intel have their own ideas of what future PCs and servers will look like. One goal is to bring uniformity into semiconductor development so that large and small U.S. companies can benefit alike. The U.S. government may have its own interests in mind. U.S. companies sell chip technology to China, but the government has blocked some sales in the name of national security. Last year, the U.S. government blocked Intel from selling its Xeon chips for China’s supercomputers, reflecting concerns they could be used in supercomputers related to "nuclear explosive activities." The Semiconductor Industry Association, which boasts major chip companies as its members, applauded the formation of the working group, saying it was long overdue. "The chip industry spawns new industries, makes existing industries more productive, and drives advances once never imagined," said John Neuffer, president and CEO of SIA. The U.S. is creating faster supercomputers and has efforts to develop new computing technologies through the Brain Initiative, the Advanced Manufacturing Initiative, the National Nanotechnology Initiative, and Computer Science for All, which promotes technology education. Many other technologies are developed by private sector companies or academic institutions. It's unclear how effective the advisory group will be, but it'll likely have little impact in creating new semiconductor and computing technologies, said Jim McGregor, principal analyst at Tirias Research. This task force is being established just as U.S. President Barack Obama leaves office, and it may be scrubbed by the time the new president takes over. Moreover, little gets done in the U.S. government, and the working group won't change the way companies like Intel and IBM develop technologies or do business, McGregor said. The U.S. government needs to invest more heavily to assert its influence and drive technological change, McGregor said. The nominal U.S. government investments in technological development come through organizations like the National Science Foundation and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. By comparison, China, South Korea, and Taiwan have centralized organizations that help consolidate IT and drive technological education, McGregor said. The working group should instead prioritize promoting STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) education and retraining the workforce for homegrown semiconductor development, McGregor said. A lot of chip development for companies like Intel and AMD are exported to countries like India, China, and Israel. Prominent members of the Semiconductor Working Group include Qualcomm chairman Paul Jacobs and former Intel CEO Paul Otellini. Brand Post Whaling Anatomy of an Attack Protecting Your Organisation from CEO Email Scams More from Mimecast Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AdvancedAMDDefense Advanced Research Projects AgencyIBMIntelQualcommSemiconductor Industry AssociationSIATechnology Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers CIO Forum in Association with Dell Technologies Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. Infographic : IDG STEM study Making IT smarter with advanced event correlation and management Latest Jobs Senior Information Management SME NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Iteration Manager NSW Service Monitoring Specialist - Information Security VIC Business Analyst / Digital Analytics VIC Senior Front End Developer NSW Front End Developer - Team Lead NSW Business Systems Analyst/Salesforce Developer APEX NSW SAS Developer WA Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next As Watson matures, IBM plans more AI hardware and software Gov backed cyber survey sent to top 100 Aussie companies Ad industry tries ‘certified’ security seals to combat ransomware in ads CSO Online In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps Market Place Secure Software Faster, Better - READ THE FORRESTER TEI REPORT -> CSO Cybersecurity skills “chasm” widening as Trend Micro joins rush to stake its claim Akamai: Look for IoT devices to attack during Thanksgiving, Christmas Ad industry tries ‘certified’ security seals to combat ransomware in ads This malware attack starts with a fake customer-service call Cyber ambassador a welcome move but laggard Australia still not “mature” on security: expert Computerworld Are networks prepared for the live virtual reality experience? Government launches facial verification system Optus and Huawei hit 35Gbps in single-user 5G trial Reprisals against Apple in a U.S.-China trade war would be indirect Sisense brings its analytics platform to chat bots ARN Sony builds on distie partnership with Alloys Pure Storage names replacement for Ben Goodman Cloud services dominate Data#3 agenda in 2017 ​Satya Nadella entices Aussie ISVs with intelligent cloud Optus and Huawei nudge 35Gbps in 5G trial Techworld Snapchat parent reportedly headed for an IPO Laid-off IT workers fight University of California outsourcing Akamai: Look for IoT devices to attack during Thanksgiving, Christmas 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Reprisals against Apple in a U.S.-China trade war would be indirect CMO Ladbrokes Australia gets first GM of customer experience and innovation New consultancy offers part-time CMOs to mid-market corporates Panel: Transparent digital marketing practices raise risk of short-term thinking Study: Aussie customers cheat on favourite retailers The CMO Club reveals 6 questions every leader should ask Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
null
null
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: China cautious on groundbreaking digital currency plan Beijing preparing for heavy pollution for following three days Trapped Chinese tourists safely evacuated from quake-hit area in New Zealand Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness The story appears on Page A9 November 2, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » IT Self-made chip rivals foreign ones By Rich Zhu | November 2, 2016, Wednesday | Print Edition A Shanghai-based company yesterday unveiled China’s first self-developed chips used in computers and servers and in the process broke the dual monopoly held by US chip giants Intel and AMD. Cooperating with industry partners Lenovo Group and other domestic personal computer vendors, Shanghai Zhaoxin Semiconductor Co plans to sell 1 million computers with the new chip by 2018, said Ye Jun, chairman and chief executive of the developer. “We don’t want to replace Intel and AMD immediately at the current stage. But it does make sense that we have another choice from a Chinese chip designer,” Ye said during an interview at the company’s booth at the China International Industry Fair yesterday. The advantage of the self-developed chip is its high-level security, which will be used in government bureaus, state-owned firms and the military. Lenovo desktops featuring the chip are already used in some local government bureaus. IT <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Work on new Metro Line 14 stations to start HK pair disqualified as lawmakers Xi casts his vote For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything Nail-gun murderer executed Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News China cautious on groundbreaking digital currency plan Beijing preparing for heavy pollution for following three days Trapped Chinese tourists safely evacuated from quake-hit area in New Zealand Hidden books on Chinese subways met with mixed response Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness View more » Latest Business News Samsung’s phone just for China Min’an Auto gets coveted e-car permit JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Push for 3D printing Hollywood studio deal View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU Components News 15 Intel reveals desktop Kaby Lake processor lineup by Mark Tyson on 1 November 2016, 13:01 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadamz Add to My Vault: Intel's desktop 'Kaby Lake' 7th generation Core CPUs for desktops are expected to be officially revealed in January. However, the corporation has prematurely provided part names, base frequencies and more in a PDF document supplied to manufacturing partners and available publically, if you know where to find it. Yet another partner focussed document provides a sprinkling of details on new supporting Intel 200 series chipsets. The document detailing the new Kaby Lake desktop chips is described as a 'Product Change Notification'. It has been put together to help manufacturers with purchase order planning and so on, Intel wouldn't want them to be surprised on launch day. Inside you can find a table with the updated processors listed. I've reproduced the table of new desktop processors above. You will notice that we get to see a list of Kaby Lake Core i5, Core i7, and a new Xeon E3 chip with their associated base clock speeds. Unfortunately juicy information regarding the processor Turbo Boost clocks, core counts, TDPs, and thread counts is missing. Another omission seems to be of any Core i3 chip details… The top new Core i7 processor from Intel looks to be the Core i7-7700K with a base clock of 4.2GHz. Its 'K' suffix surely denotes an unlocked multiplier and we reckon it will offer a 4C/8T configuration. Intel's fastest Core i5 looks to be the similarly unlocked i5-7600K with a base clock of 3.8GHz. Following Intel 'tradition' it is likely to be a 4C/4T config part. Pondering over the new Intel Chipset document for partners reveals no surprises. We can see references to various 200 Series chipsets but no further descriptions. There will be a top end enthusiast Z270 chipset with others such as the H270, B250, Q250, and Q270 targetted at various other market segments. The C422 could be a next-gen Xeon supporting motherboard. Lastly, the X299 suggests an upcoming high-end modern chipset replacement for the X99 line. As a reminder, Intel launched its laptop Kaby Lake processors back in August. We should get the full official details of the 7th generation Core desktop processors from Intel at around CES 2017 time. Related Reading 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU The Core i3-7350K will be targeted at overclockers on a budget, say reports. 103 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? And is it still managing with your workload, or are you feeling the urge to upgrade? 11 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst Chip-scale optical connectivity may "mitigate Moore's Law" and could be ready in 3 years. Intel Core i5-7600K review published by Chinese tech site EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 HEXUS Forums :: 15 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by CAT-THE-FIFTH - Tue 01 Nov 2016 13:26 Still no AM4 release AMD - by the time Bristol Ridge is out the Core i3 chips will have a faster IGP compared to current ones. Posted by plexabit - Tue 01 Nov 2016 14:48 I've got my eye on that 7600K… Posted by Xlucine - Tue 01 Nov 2016 16:27 Yawn. Another intel release, another whole new chipset, another tiny uptick in IPC Posted by kingpotnoodle - Tue 01 Nov 2016 17:15 Xlucine Yawn. Another intel release, another whole new chipset, another tiny uptick in IPC You don't HAVE to upgrade every generation… but eventually the improvements stack up and it's worth it, each upgrade tips that balance for a few more people… Posted by Percy1983 - Tue 01 Nov 2016 19:58 Oh what a well timed leak… just as the Zen machine is about to get going. Well its going to be Zen or Kaby Lake for me my 3570k is getting a bit behind with some tasks. SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.

  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Motherboards  ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Motherboard Review ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Motherboard Review Posted by Steven Kean | Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - 7:30 AM Jump To: Page 1: ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Motherboard Review Page 2: ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Overview Page 3: Intel Z170 Test Platform Page 4: ASUS Value Added Software Page 5: BIOS and Overclocking Page 6: General Performance Testing Page 7: Gaming Performance Testing Page 8: Storage Performance Page 9: Power Consumption and Temperature Page 10: Final Thoughts and Conclusions ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Motherboard Review ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S ASUS is one of the most recognizable names in the enthusiast community, with a product line that covers nearly every aspect of computer hardware, including motherboards, graphics cards, monitors, networking devices and many other product lines.  One of their most well known product lines is their award winning motherboards.  When a new chipset is released, they are ready with new motherboards, designed to fit almost any budget and user type.  When the Intel Z170 chipset first came out, ASUS provided us the opportunity to take a look at one of their flagship motherboards the Maximus VIII Extreme.  Which while one of the best motherboards available, it has a price tag to match.  Now, we have a chance to take a look at one of their mid-tier motherboards, the Sabertooth Z170 S; with a price tag of $169.99 with free shipping, it is better priced to meet the budget of most enthusiasts. ASUS Sabertooth Z170-S Rear I/O Cover and Fan Assist Being a part of the ASUS TUF series motherboards, the Sabertooth Z170 S has gone through heavy duty testing before it is packaged for the user.  This testing includes subjecting them to high and low temperatures, bending, shocking and even dropping them.  It is developed to military standards for durability, which includes military grade components to protect your system and to ensure 24/7 reliability.  In fact, ASUS is so sure of their TUF motherboards, the Sabertooth Z170 S is covered by a 5 year warranty! So what TUF components are included on the Sabertooth Z170 S?  The TUF Allow Chokes, and 10K Ti-Caps, are designed to last longer and to have a better tolerance for temperatures.  The MOSFETs are more power efficient, which in turn means less heat.  The Intel Gigabit ethernet connection has the LANGuard system, to help protect your vital components from electric surges coming in over the ethernet connection.  The other I/O ports on the back are also protected with advanced ESD protection. ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Features Overview Let’s take a quick look at the features and specifications of the Sabertooth Z170 S before taking a look at what else this motherboard has to offer. Features and Specifications Digital Arctic-Camo PCB and Q-LED indicators USB 3.1 onboard: One Type-A port plus a reversible Type-C port TUF Detective 2 – system information at your fingertips TUF ICe & Thermal Radar 2 – Total cooling system TUF Components [TUF 10K Ti-Caps, TUF Alloy Chokes & MOSFETs; Certified by Military-standard] ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Specifications Form Factor ATX 12in x 9.6in (30.5cm x 24.4cm) CPU Intel Socket 1151 6th Generation Core i7/i5/i5/Pentium/Celeron Supports Intel 14nm CPU Supports Intel Turbo Booth Technology 2.0 Chipset Intel Z170 Memory 4x DIMM, Max 64GB, DDR4 2400/2133 MHz Non-ECC, Un-buffered Memory Dual Channel Memory Architecture Supports Intel Extreme Memory Profile (XMP) Graphic  Integrated Graphics Processor – Intel HD Graphics support Multi-VGA output support: HDMI/Display Ports HDMI with max resolution 4096×2160@24Hz / 2560×1600@60Hz DisplayPort with max resolution 4096×2160@24Hz / 3840×2160@60Hz Maximum shared memory of 1024MB Supports Intel InTru 3D, Quick Sync Video, Clear Video HD Technology, Insider DP 1.2 Multi-Stream Transport compliant, supports DP 1.2 monitor daisy chain up to 3 displays Multi-GPU Support Supports NVIDIA Quad-GPU SlI Supports NVIDIA 2-Way SLI Supports AMD Quad-GPU CrossFireX Supports AMD 3-Way CrossFireX Expansion Slots 2x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x16 (x16 or dual x8) 1x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x16 (max at x4 mode) 3x PCIe 3.0/2.0 x1 Storage Intel Z170 Chipset 2x SATA Express port, Compatible with 4x SATA 6.0Gb/s ports 1x M.2 x4 Socket 3, with M Key, type 2242/2260/2280/22110 support both SATA & PCIe mode 6x SATA 6Gb/s ports (grey) Support RAID 0, 1, 5, 10 Intel Rapid Storage Technology support Supports Intel Smart Response Technology LAN Intel i219V, 1x Gigabit LAN controller Gigabit Intel LAN Connection – 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE) appliance ASUS Turbo LAN Utility Audio Realtek ALC1150 8-Channel High Definition Audio CODEC — Supports Multi-streaming, Front Panel MIC Jack retasking — High quality 112dB SNR stereo playback output (line-out at rear) and 104dB SNR recording input (Line-in) Audio Features: Optical S/PDIF out ports at back panel BD Audio Layer Content Protection Audio Shielding: Ensures precision analog/digital separation and greatly reduced multi-lateral interference Dedicated audio PCB layers: Separate layers for left and right channels to guard the quality of the sensitive audio signals Audio amplifier: Provides the highest quality sound for headphone and speakers Unique de-pop circuit: Reduces start-up popping noise to audio outputs Top notch audio sensation delivers according to the audio configuration Absolute Pitch 192khz/24bit true BD lossless sound USB Ports Intel Z170 Chipset 6x USB 3.0/2.0 ports(s): 2 at back panel (Blue), and 4 at mid-board 8x USB 2.0/1.1 port(s): 4 at back panel (Black), 4 at mid-board ASMedia USB 3.1 Controller 1x Type-A USB 3.1/3.0/2.0 port at back panel (Teal) 1x Type-C USB 3.1/3.0/2.0 port at back panel (Reversible) Back I/O Ports 1x DisplayPort 1x HDMI 1x LAN (RJ45) 1x USB 3.1 Type-A (Teal) 1x USB 3.1 Type-C 4x USB 2.0 2x USB 3.0 (Blue) 1x Optical S/PDIF out 5x Audio Jacks 1x USB BIOS Flashback Button 1x 8-channel Audio I/O 1x TUF Detective USB Port Inernal I/O Ports  1x AAFP connector 2x USB 3.0 connector(s) support(s) additional 4 USB 3.0 port(s) (19-pin) 2x USB 2.0 connector(s) support(s) additional 4 USB 2.0 port(s) 2x SATA Express connector: , Compatible with 4 x SATA 6.0 Gb/s ports 1x M.2 Socket 3 with M Key design, type 2242/2260/2280/22110 storage devices support (Supports both SATA & PCIE SSD) 6x SATA 6Gb/s connector(s) 1x CPU Fan connector(s) (4 -pin) 1x CPU OPT Fan connector(s) (4 -pin) 6x Chassis Fan connector(s) (4 -pin) 2x Assistant Fan connector(s) (1 x 3 -pin, 1 x 4 -pin, [White]) 1x S/PDIF out header(s) 1x Thunderbolt header(s) 1x 24-pin EATX Power connector(s) 1x 8-pin ATX 12V Power connector(s) 1x System panel(s) (Q-Connector) 1x 5-pin EXT_FAN(Extension Fan) connector 1x Chassis Intrusion connector(s) 1x DRCT header(s) 1x MemOK! button(s) 3x Thermal sensor connector(s) 1x CPU OV 1x Clear CMOS jumper(s) 1x Water Pump header (4-pin) 1x 14-1 pin TPM connector ASUS Sabertooth Z170-S Front of Box ASUS Sabertooth Z170-S Back of Box ASUS Sabertooth Z170-S Motherboard First Looks ASUS Sabertooth Z170-S Accessories Packaging Like any of the top tier motherboard manufacturers, ASUS does a great job at packaging their motherboards, even though most will probably purchase the motherboard online, not paying any attention to the packaging.  If you do happen to find it in a retail setting, there is plenty of information on the box to know exactly what the Sabertooth Z170 S is capable of.  I found it interesting, that ASUS designed the packaging around the motherboard, as the Sabertooth Z170 S is the Arctic Camouflage, the packaging is the same way.  Just one of the added touches that shows ASUS cares about first impressions.  The front of the box gives just a quick overview of the features, while the bulk of the information is left to the back of the box.  Here you find the details for several of the key features as well as the motherboard specifications.  Opening the box, we find the motherboard is packaged in an anti-static bag, placed inside another box.  Beneath the motherboard box ASUS has loosely placed all the accessories. ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Accessories ASUS includes a number of accessories with the Sabertooth Z170 S.  The usual documentation includes a Users Guide, detailed Warranty notice, software/driver disc and a Certificate of Reliability.  Other required accessories include the rear I/O shield, four SATA cables, SLI bridge, ASUS front panel Q-Connector, CPU installation tool,  an a small dust guard for the rear I/O ports. Let’s take a quick look at some of the major features of the ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S along with the test system components before starting it up for some tests. Jump To: Page 1: ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Motherboard Review Page 2: ASUS Sabertooth Z170 S Overview Page 3: Intel Z170 Test Platform Page 4: ASUS Value Added Software Page 5: BIOS and Overclocking Page 6: General Performance Testing Page 7: Gaming Performance Testing Page 8: Storage Performance Page 9: Power Consumption and Temperature Page 10: Final Thoughts and Conclusions 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10  Next » Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2016 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Blog Blog Archives Writing Gear Bags Writing Highlights Most Popular Fiction Archive Photography Prints and Licensing Portfolios Central Valley Refuges Impressions of Yellowstone Stock Photography Image Galleries Best of the Year Collections About Social Media Birding Life List ThreeDotLounge Mailing Lists Archives OtherRealms Archives Plaidworks Mailing List Archives « Thoughts on the new MacBook Pros and Apple’s announcements. Apple’s marketing on one slide. » How Apple could have avoided much of the controversy By chuq | Published Oct 31 2016 Here’s a basic reality: criticizing and second-guessing Apple is a hobby for many of us, and a profession for more than is probably healthy for the Apple ecosystem. That is a basic reality that isn’t going to change any time soon. I long ago got used the the idea that no matter what Apple said or released, the Internet would fall over itself proving how much smarter they were than Apple, only to see Apple make another truckload of money on the product everyone was criticizing. That said, this event’s criticism has been louder and more widespread and angrier than I remember seeing for a long time. I finally had to basically unplug for a while because I found myself getting into the “someone is wrong on the internet” mentality. Writing my piece over the weekend was about as difficult as anything I’ve ever written because there are a lot of legitimate gripe points with Apple right now, but so much of what’s being thrown around is trivial and petty and often outright wrong, or just plain silly. A lot of it boils down to this concept: We demand Apple innovate, but we insist they don’t change anything. No matter what, Apple loses. And as someone who watches this circus from my perch here in the Apple Ecosystem, I have to just recognize that, find the interesting and informed voices among the noise, learn from them and then move on. If I were Apple I’ve been thinking about how — if I were Apple — I’d try to minimize some of the pain and chaos going on with the users right now, while still being, well, Apple, who doesn’t roadmap the future and who really doesn’t like admitting there are problems or mistakes. Under the assumption that there are updated desktops coming after the first of the year, I think it would have made sense to mention that, just so users waiting for them can stop feeling abandoned. It doesn’t require a lot of disclosure, but I think it was time for at least some. So, later in the event, Phil brings up a single slide that says something like “More is coming soon”, and adds some color about what that means — updated iMac, a new Mac pro, and — dare we dream — an update to the Mini? Highlight some of the upcoming features, wide color, Skylake processors, USB C and thunderbolt 3, and perhaps even throw Intel under the bus a little bit over the reason they’re not shipping today. That would, I think, have muted a lot of the anger I’m seeing, without really giving away anything people couldn’t guess for themselves. What’s important here to me is that Apple acknowledges the cluster in the product line rather than proudly announce how great life is. Let’s Talk Mac Pro Speaking of clusters, let’s talk Mac Pro for a minute. I’ve come to the belief that the trash can Mac pro, the “Can’t Innovate my Ass” machine, is a product mistake of the “20th Century Anniversary Macintosh” caliber. It was a technological marvel, it was a stunning design, and it was a terrible piece of hardware for its primary audiences because of limited upgradability and component flexibility — and then Apple compounded that by not having good upgrade plans in place to refresh it since the design it created wouldn’t let its users do it for themselves. I’m convinced we’ll see not just an updated Mac Pro, but a new design, one that I hope backs away from some of the issues this design has. What I’m hoping for is in fact a new desktop product line which merges the Mini and the Mac Pro where, like the MacBooks, you have the options of 2-3 models each with 2-3 configuration upgrades which cover the pricing and processing needs from a basic Mac Mini to today’s Mac Pro supercomputer capabilities. I’m not convinced the Mini will survive this round of upgrades, but I do believe there’s a good niche for a basic desktop/server, and if it’s part of a consolidated product line (“meet the Apple Desktop!”) that’ll minimize investments in the product line because it can be shared across the configurations. Lets Talk Dongles People are having a field day talking about dongles and escape keys. Which is a bit like buying a new BMW and complaining about the color. The reality is, most might need a dongle or two but many people won’t need any. I bought three, mostly because I like keeping them in my travel bag for when I’m out and about, and in reality, 90% of their usage is by co-workers who forget to bring theirs to meetings, not by me. But hey, someone needs to think ahead. As has been pointed out by many, the escape key is still there, it’s just not a separate physical key any more. And in all honestly, almost nobody will care about that after having used the new device for a month and gotten used to it, and for the couple of percent of you who will insist on remaining upset about this change, I’m sorry. But you can always use the VT-100 you have in your office when it bothers you too much. I know when I buy a new car, I invariably have some accessories I need to buy because the ones I had with the old one aren’t correct for the new one — winter chains are always replaced, it seems. So if I’m spending $25-$30K on a car, spending another $100 on chains isn’t a big deal. But watch the nerds complain about a $19 thing to customize their $2500 computer. My short answer: time for a bit of perspective, people. In my case, my solution to all of the port changes is pretty simple: I bought a USB-C dock for the desktop, and a small one for the travel bag. When the new laptop arrives, I’ll unplug the Thunderbolt dock, replace it with the USB dock, plug it into the new Laptop, plug my Thunderbolt drive into the laptop with a dongle, and plug my existing USB hub into the new dock. Done. It really doesn’t seem that complicated or expensive. And in fact, USB-C docks are half the price of thunderbolt docks. Which makes them almost a no-brainer option for people using these new laptops at their workspace. So I’m going from two cables into the laptop (power and thunderbolt for the dock) to two cables into the laptop (USB-C/power and Thunderbolt). Lets Talk Niche When I wrote about this over the weekend, I was thinking and talking about niches a lot, and the more I think about it, the more I see this unhappiness as a battle to stay out of the niche — people want to be part of Apple’s mainstream, and where we see the biggest anger is groups of people who’s come to the realization that’s not true any more. The fact is, the Mac product line itself is becoming a niche product, because the days of the personal computer have started the shift back to where computers will be a hobby for the nerd and for the mainstream user, devices which use computers to enable tasks are starting to replace them: that includes tablets, but also gaming consoles and whatever it is that will ultimately take ownership of the living room. This is sad if you’re a computer nerd, but it means these technologies have gone mainstream and we have to remember most people aren’t interested for computers as computers, they are interested in solving problems, and use computers for doing that. And in many ways, a lot of the unhappiness I’m seeing about these new computers comes down to dealing with the realities of the Mac itself becoming a niche product to Apple, and of finding that your preferred use of the Mac is itself a niche within that niche, and one Apple may not see as central to the product itself any more. And that’s just reality; all the whining and moaning aren’t going to undo the market forces driving this. Apple is reacting to changes, not pushing them. But let’s talk about niches within niches for a minute. Lots of the complaints about dongles boil down to two things: they’re ugly (which is true) and they are features that should be built into the product. I can’t fix the first one, but to those arguing that Apple is just soaking users by forcing them to buy dongles, adding $40 to a $2500 product simply isn’t financially significant. And if you think about it, if Apple did see these are lucrative products instead of functional accessories, they’d make them a lot prettier. But the bigger issue around dongles is that niche thing again. These are accessories that allow specific customizations to the device that some people will want, but which most people won’t need. If you think about it, perhaps the biggest change from my older, 2013 laptop is that it’s gone from having seven (yes, that many) ports, each with a specific purpose to having four points, each customizable by a cable to dongle to solve the problem you have. My laptop has a power port, an SD card port, 3 Thunderbolt ports and two USB ports. I know that in the four years I’ve owned it, I’ve never used the SD card, I use the Power port, one Thunderbolt port, and occasionally plug a USB cable in. So half the ports in this thing are never used — and yet I paid for them because they were built into the computer. That’s the issue that defines dongles: Should 100% of buyers pay for a feature when only 5% of the owners will use it? Or 10%? How many users will need a feature before you think it ought to be required for everyone to buy it as part of the device? Where do you draw that line? One thing I’ve been pondering this weekend, but I couldn’t find any data on it: if Apple had to make a choice between including that SD card or including a VGA connector, which one should Apple do? Because I’d be willing to take a bet that more people use a VGA dongle twice a month than use that SD card twice a month on their existing machines. But the nice thing is that the ports on the new computer give you the options to have the capabilities you need, not the capabilities Apple thinks someone might need. And if you really think the dongles are ugly, I’m sorry — but there are also non-Apple options that are often cheaper, too. But dongles are very much a feature, not a bug. And four general purpose ports is, to me, a big upgrade over seven specialty ports. We need to remember that if they add all of those ports to the computer, you’re paying for them, whether or not you use them. And they all take power, they add complexity, and increase the chance of failure for the device as a whole. And it’ll end up looking like this. Lets Talk RAM There’s been a lot of criticism about the limit to 16Gb in these machines. As people have dug into it, it looks like this is another bundle of joy Intel has left on Apple’s porch for Apple to do the best it can with. One of the best looks at it is Rene at iMore: Why not throw power efficiency out the window and make a 15-inch MacBook Pro variant for video pros that can support the big, hot, and hungry workarounds needed to get 32 GB or more into a notebook, the way they made a 13-inch variant without a Touch Bar and with only two Thunderbolt 3 ports? Take a step back and think about this product: let’s say Apple releases a MacBook Pro, probably 15” with a special configuration for power users: you can build it out to 32Gb (probably comes in 16 and 32Gb only), has a beefier CPU/GPU — and gets 2-3 hours of battery life. So effectively, they’re reinventing the portable office machine, not a laptop. Stop and think about how the internet would react to this product. Now, start muting all the yelling, and ask yourself: If you had a choice between this product, or buying the existing MacBook Pro with good battery life but some struggles with 4K video processing (which seems to be the space where this memory is going to hurt a bit), I’d go with the smaller RAM on the existing laptop. I expect all but the most hard-core video nerds would, too. So, think about niches and market sizes: If only about 10% (SWAG(1) numbers) of MacBook Pro users are likely to have memory issues at 16Gb and then only for specific tasks like 4K video rendering, and if only 40% of those users would consider buying this memory enhanced special product (at a premium), is it worth Apple doing? I’m thinking not. At the same time, I’m not saying there’s no issue here: it bothers me that users have no viable options here at all right now, but Apple can’t solve a problem Intel’s left no solution for. I do think/hope that an updated kick-butt Mini after the first of the year could be one way through this for most of the users impacted by the memory, but we won’t know for a while, and the uncertainty is bad news for the user base. Missing the forest for the trees [Update: I grabbed the wrong CPU benchmark; my bad. Updated this to the corrected info — it’s not doubled, it’s roughly the same as my current Laptop, but since I’m going from the top end 15″ model to a 13″ model, that’s really what I was expecting in the first place — chuq] Among the noise being made about this upgrade by people complaining these new laptops bring nothing for them to the table are a bunch of basic enhancements being ignored: when I looked up raw benchmarks on my existing 2013 unit and the one I bought, I found the CPU benchmark doubled and the GPU benchmark was about the same. On top of that, a bigger, faster SSD and faster RAM mean this machine should be a lot faster and more capable. Also in the long run, USB C is a performance win, and so is Thunderbolt 3. For Photographers, the new wide color monitor looks to be a massive upgrade. This machine is a much better machine in many ways, which is being ignored in the discussions about all of the other features in the device. Lets Talk Bottom Line I think these computers are taking some valid criticism, but much of that criticism is ignoring a lot of the positives that these new computers have, including nice improvements in CPU and GPU speed and faster RAM, all indicating nice bumps in overall performance. But having said that, the fact that so much of the Mac product line is such a cluster and Apple didn’t acknowledge that makes the criticism understandable and deserved. What we got from Apple was good; what we needed from Apple was that and more — and it didn’t happen. This was all Apple being Apple, but this time, because of the issues in the product line, it wasn’t enough. I’m disappointed Apple said nothing about desktops this event, but not surprised. Personally, I was hoping to get a nice desktop and a MacBook, but since there’s no new desktop to buy, I’m picking up the MacBook pro and so I lose my chance to give Apple even more money during this round of upgrades. I’m really looking forward to getting my hands on this new laptop and seeing how it performs. I’m hopeful the new Touch Bar will be a tool and not a toy, but time will tell on that. And I’m really, really hoping that early in 2017 Apple unless the new iMac, the new MacPro line, and that all of this will finally be behind us; unfortunately, this product line cluster has run on about a year longer than I’m happy with — in many ways, we can blame Intel for the cause, but Apple takes it’s part of blame for poor communication on all of this. But if there’s one truth I can predict moving forward, no matter what Apple does, there will be people criticizing it. That’s just life in the Apple ecosystem. Notes: (1) SWAG: Silly Wild Ass Guess, although my percentages of users affected by the memory limitation is based around talks I’ve had this last few days trying to scope out the impact of this. It’s pretty… Niche. Share this: Tweet Email This entry was posted in Apple Inc. « Thoughts on the new MacBook Pros and Apple’s announcements. Apple’s marketing on one slide. » Subscribe (or else) I’m looking for my next job. I'm looking at the end of my sabbatical and starting to search for my next job. Could you use someone like me? Do you know someone who could? Take a look at Getting Back to Work for the details and help me find my next role. (THANKS!) Keep In Touch View chuqui’s profile on Facebook View chuq’s profile on Twitter View chuq_vr’s profile on Instagram View chuqui’s profile on LinkedIn More to explore Some Thoughts on Lightroom Keywords What's in my Camera Bag Good Enough Defeats Great First Impressions of the Fuji X-T2 Free Desktop Wallpapers Hate your battery charger? Switch to USB Organizing and Backing up your data for the Digital Photographer A Sample Community Manager Job Description 2015 in Review: My Favorite Images Topic Categories About Chuq App Development and Platforms Apple Inc Birding Bird Photography Blogging Business Community Management Health and Fitness Hockey Humor Merced Wildlife Refuge music Of Interest Photography Referees Reviews San Jose Sharks Science Fiction/Fantasy Silicon Valley - San Francisco Bay Area Social Media Wildlife Refuge Yosemite National Park Follow me on Twitter at @chuq Tweets by @chuq Recent Posts Resets New wallpapers — free to use on your desktop Radio Road Ponds, September 11 Some updates and appearances Apple’s marketing on one slide. Links Blog Photography Popular Writing Gear Bags About Chuq Social Media Privacy Policy Terms of Services All content is Copyright © 2016 by Chuq Von Rospach. These images are not public domain. Please contact us if you are interested in licensing an image for use. Commercial use is prohibited without explicit permission. Affiliate links: Some of our links will send you to Amazon or some other affiliate site. Using these links to buy something will cost you nothing and toss a few dollars to us to help support creating new content for this site, but it's completely up to you. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Possible Reason Why The MacBook Pros Are Capped At 16GB RAM By Tyler Lee on 11/01/2016 04:58 PST It seems that when the new MacBook Pros were revealed, there are some users who were disappointed that the max the laptop’s RAM could be set at was 16GB. When a customer reached out to Phil Schiller, he responded by saying that having more than 16GB of RAM would basically result in a laptop that isn’t as energy efficient. However it seems that maybe this isn’t entirely Apple’s fault, but rather the limitations of the Intel chipsets found in the laptop. This is according to a post on Reddit (via 9to5Mac) which suggests that maybe the limitations of Intel has more to do with why the MacBook Pros are capped at 16GB, as opposed to it being something that Apple has chosen to do. According to the OP on Reddit, exploding_m1, “The true reason behind the lack of 32gb or ddr4 is intel. Skylake does not support LPDDR4 (LP for low power) ram. Kabylake is set to include support, but only for the U category of chips. So no LPDDR4 support for mobile until 2018 I think.” The poster also points out that other laptops like the Dell XPS 13 is maxed out at 16GB, and so is the Microsoft Surface Book. That being said, if you don’t need a new laptop right this instant, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo had earlier predicted that in 2017 we can expect new MacBook Pros that will support up to 32GB of RAM. Filed in Apple >Computers. Read more about Intel, laptops and Macbook Pro. Related Articles 2016-11-11 1Password Supports The New MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar & Touch ID 2016-11-10 MacBook Pros With Touch Bar Are Being Prepped For Shipment 2016-11-10 This App Simulates The MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar On Your iPad 2016-11-09 Apple’s New MacBook Pros Are Already Outselling The Competition 2016-11-08 Apple 'Aggressive' In MacBook Pro Orders As Strong Sales Expected 2016-08-16 2016 MacBook Pro Might Not Feature Intel’s Kaby Lake Processors Thief Steals Galaxy Note 7, It Ends Up Exploding Snapchat Introduces New AR ‘World Lenses’ Feature The Sega Genesis Will Be Going Back Into Production AT&T DirecTV Now Streaming Service Might Offer Free Apple TVs New HTC Bolt Rendering Leaked In Black Uncourage Keychain Helps Prevent Losing The iPhone 7’s 3.5mm Adapter User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Group Mobile Adds New Xplore XSLATE R12 Detachable Rugged Tablet to Product Portfolio Group Mobile Adds New Xplore XSLATE R12 Detachable Rugged Tablet to Product Portfolio Posted on November 1, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer XSLATE R12 Tablet PC — Designed with Mobile Workflows in Mind Chandler, AZ (PRWEB) November 01, 2016 Group Mobile, a rapidly expanding and growing premiere provider of innovative, full service mobile technology solutions, extends its product offerings to include the next generation detachable rugged tablet PC — Xplore XSLATE R12. The new Xplore XSLATE R12 rugged tablet design delivers a powerful and reliable computing solution for manufacturing, utility, insurance, and construction industry professionals alike with a direct emphasis on public safety workflows. “Our customers are constantly pushing the boundaries of how and where our devices are used,” said Darin White, President of Group Mobile. “As a truly customer-driven solution, the Xplore XSLATE R12 delivers what many of our customers are looking for – a single rugged device that delivers all the advantages of a fully functioning laptop and tablet.” The Xplore XSLATE R12 tablet PC is designed for the worker who moves from the field to the vehicle to the office. Weighing just under 3 pounds and built upon an award-winning platform, the 12.5" rugged tablet features Xplore’s optically bonded 800 Nit View Anywhere® display for advanced outdoor visibility, and break-resistant Gorilla™ Glass to make the device suitable for rugged environments. The XSLATE R12 incorporates numerous customer requested features, such as antenna pass- through capabilities, an RJ-45 + Serial Port dongle and a Bluetooth-enabled keyboard that magnetically stows on the back of the tablet even when docked. This highly flexible XSLATE R12 also features more connectivity options than others in its class, including a SlateMate barcode reader and HF RFID reader combo. These and other features allow the XSLATE R12 to provide transformational 2-in-1 flexibility along with the connectivity and ergonomics needed for any worker transitioning between field, vehicle and office locations. The detachable XSLATE R12 rugged tablet PC redefines the ease in which a device transforms from a tablet, to a notebook or desktop. The XSLATE R12 is also available with multiple internal configurations, including a 7th generation Intel® Core™ i7 processor with Windows® 10 and 6th generation Intel® Core™ i5 with Windows® 7, 8.1 or Windows® 10. Many industries require advanced security which is why the XSLATE R12 rugged tablet enables multi-factor authentication capabilities for enterprise environments through a combination of TPM 2.0, an integrated fingerprint scanner and an optional Smart Card/CAC reader for advanced security measures. Supported by a complete lineup of accessories, the XSLATE R12 rugged tablet PC is sure to provide a seamless transition from desktop-to-tablet transition. These accessories include a desktop docking station, Secure Mobile Dock which improves driver safety, and Work Anywhere Kit featuring a carrying case and tablet kickstand. Mark Holleran, president and COO of Xplore, stated: “The XSLATE R12 is a result of Xplore’s 20- year dedication to customer-first rugged tablet engineering. Not only does our team truly understand our customers’ ever-changing mobility needs, we deliver exactly what they want, when they want it, because we are constantly listening to their feedback and innovating to meet their evolving technology requirements. The XSLATE R12’s carefully crafted feature set gives customers the industry-specific computing capabilities they haven’t been able to find elsewhere. At the same time, everyone will appreciate the form factor flexibility of this detachable tablet, which redefines the ease in which a device transforms from a tablet, to a notebook or desktop with a keyboard, and back.” To learn more and order the Xplore XSLATE R12 tablet, visit: https://groupmobile.com/xplore-xslate-r12.html or call toll free 866-RUGGED8 (1-866-784-4338). About Group Mobile Group Mobile, a wholly owned subsidiary of Form Holdings, headquartered in Phoenix, AZ, serves customers world-wide. Group Mobile is a rapidly expanding and growing and innovative full end-to-end solution provider of rugged mobile hardware, lifecycle services, system integration, hardware service support, pre-and post-deployment, break-fix, warranty repair, customer support helpdesk and more — all constructed to solve pressing problems and ensure our customers are receiving exceptional value, return on investment and a trusted long-lasting partnership. Group Mobile has mastered the true challenges of mobility through understanding the key elements required for a successful mobile deployment — hardware, connectivity, data and customer back-end network infrastructures. About Xplore Technologies Xplore is The Rugged Tablet Authority™, exclusively manufacturing powerful, long-lasting, and customer-defined rugged tablet PCs since 1996. Today, Xplore offers the broadest portfolio of genuinely rugged tablets – and the most complete lineup of rugged tablet accessories – on Earth. Its mobility solutions are purpose-built for the energy, utilities, telecommunications, military and defense, manufacturing, distribution, public safety, healthcare, government, and field service sectors. The company’s award-winning military-grade computers are also among the most powerful and longest lasting in their class, built to withstand nearly any hazardous condition or environmental extreme for years without fail. Visit http://www.xploretech.com for more information on how Xplore and its global channel partners engineer complete mobility solutions to meet specialized workflow demands. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13811081.htm Latest News Flipbook Animation Software FlipHTML5 is Suitable for Interactive Content Publishing Konstantinos Kazinakis – United Bunkers Investors Corporation – Offers Guidelines for Successful Implementation of Shipping and Logistics Ad Age Recognizes BusinessOnline as One of the Best Places to Work 2016 Najib Babul – On the Accuracy of Pain Memory Julius Numavicius – On the Importance of Philanthropy Suprema to Unveil BioMini Slim 2, World’s Slimmest FAP20 Fingerprint Scanner at TRUSTECH 2016 Greenberg Traurig’s Environmental Practice Receives First-Tier Ranking in U.S. News – Best Lawyers 2017 ‘Best Law Firms’ Edition Secureone Security Opens Secureone LiveScan Fingerprinting in Mesa, AZ Greenberg Traurig’s Angel Taveras, Former Providence Mayor, to Speak about the “Politics of Public Sector Pensions” Cosmetic Town Relaunches Its Website with a New Design and New Features © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE

null
This site is best experienced with JavaScript enabled. Store Products Software & services Windows Office Free downloads & security Internet Explorer Microsoft Edge Skype OneNote OneDrive Microsoft Health MSN Bing Microsoft Groove Microsoft Movies & TV Devices & Xbox All Microsoft devices Microsoft Surface All Windows PCs & tablets PC accessories Xbox & games Microsoft Lumia All Windows phones Microsoft HoloLens For business Cloud Platform Microsoft Azure Microsoft Dynamics Windows for business Office for business Skype for business Surface for business Enterprise solutions Small business solutions Find a solutions provider Volume Licensing For developers & IT pros Develop Windows apps Microsoft Azure MSDN TechNet Visual Studio For students & educators Office for students OneNote in classroom Shop PCs & tablets perfect for students Microsoft in Education Support Sign in items in cart Search MicrosoftSearch items in cart StoreStore Store Home Devices Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox Virtual reality Accessories Windows phone Software & Apps Office Windows Additional software Windows apps Windows phone apps Games & Entertainment Xbox One games Xbox 360 games PC games (disc) Windows digital games Windows phone games Movies & TV Music Deals Sale Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft Surface Deals PC Deals Xbox Deals More Gift cards Business Students & educators Developer Find a store Microsoft Surface Devices Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox Virtual reality Accessories Windows phone Software & Apps Office Windows Additional software Windows apps Windows phone apps Games & Entertainment Xbox One games Xbox 360 games PC games (disc) Windows digital games Windows phone games Movies & TV Music Deals Sale Holiday Gift Guide Microsoft Surface Deals PC Deals Xbox Deals More Gift cards Business Students & educators Developer Find a store Microsoft Surface 9 free games Buy select Intel-powered PCs and get 9 free PC game downloads ($200 value) Games galore From family classics like Scrabble to strategic thrillers like RISK, hours of excitement await Save $700.00 Save $700.00 Alienware 15 Touch Signature Edition Gaming Laptop 15.6-inch 4K UHD touchscreen Intel i7 6th Gen 16GB memory/256GB SSD + 1TB HDD NVIDIA GeForce GTX 970M graphics Now $1,799.00 was $2,499.00 MSI GT72VR 6RE Dominator Pro Tobii-031US Signature Edition Gaming Laptop 17.3-inch Full HD display Intel i7 6th Gen 32GB memory/512GB SSD + 1TB HDD VR-ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics $2,599.00 MSI GE72VR 6RF Apache Pro-009US Signature Edition Gaming Laptop 17.3-inch Full HD display Intel i7 6th Gen 16GB memory/256GB SSD + 1TB HDD VR-ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics $1,599.00 MSI GS43VR 6RE Phantom Pro-006US Signature Edition Gaming Laptop 14-inch Full HD display Intel i7 6th Gen 16GB memory/128GB SSD + 1TB HDD VR-ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics $1,499.00 MSI GT72VR 6RE Dominator Pro Signature Edition Gaming Laptop 17.3-inch Full HD display Intel i7 6th Gen Up to 16GB memory/128GB SSD + 1TB HDD VR-ready NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics $1,599.00 Offer valid from October 31th, 2016 to January 31, 2017, while supplies last. Available only in Microsoft retail and online store in the United States (including Puerto Rico) and Canada. Offer valid for select games only with purchase of select gaming PCs. Limited games available and subject to change. Offer requires valid Promo code. Redemption of select games will be made available through Intel website. Intel terms and conditions may apply. No reproductions of codes will be accepted. If the value of your purchase is less than the value of the promo code, any unused balance will be forfeited. Not valid on prior orders or purchases; cannot be transferred or otherwise redeemed for cash or gift cards. May not be combinable with other offers. Refunds will take into account the discount. Price discount does not include taxes, shipping or other fees. Void where prohibited or restricted by law. Microsoft reserves the right to modify or discontinue offers at any time. Limit 1 code per customer, per transaction, single use only. Promo code available beginning October 31, 2016, and expires February 28, 2017 (and must be redeemed before that date). Other exclusions and limits may apply. Sign up for Microsoft news and special offer emails Sign up Thanks for signing up. We’ll be in touch soon. Privacy policy Our Categories Office Windows Microsoft Surface PCs & tablets Xbox PC gaming Microsoft HoloLens Virtual and mixed reality NFL merchandise Student deals All categories Other Microsoft sites Account View account Order tracking Digital content Wish list About Affiliate program Sitemap Careers Store locations Microsoft Rewards Help Support Orders Returns All help topics FAQ Office 365 renewal Connect Other Microsoft sites English (United States)‎ Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms Of Use And Sale Trademarks Feedback © 2016 Microsoft   This site is hosted by Digital River Back to top button Back to top Talk to an expert We’re here to help × What would you like to do? < Back Chat with someone before I buy Find info about my order Get technical or download support Text chat Start text chatText chat unavailable Call us Store sale and customer support: 1-855-843-96171-855-843-9618 For products bought elsewhere: 1-800-642-7676 Which product? Windows Office Surface Xbox See more

By John Gruber Archive The Talk Show Projects Contact Colophon RSS Feed Twitter Sponsorship Who’s to Blame for the 16 GB RAM Limit on the New MacBook Pros: Apple or Intel? “Exploding_m1”, in a thread on Reddit: The true reason behind the lack of 32 GB or DDR4 is Intel. Skylake does not support LPDDR4 (LP for low power) RAM. Kabylake is set to include support, but only for the U category of chips. So no LPDDR4 support for mobile until 2018 I think. One example is the Dell XPS 13. On the Dell XPS 13 version, you cannot go for 32 GB of RAM. Meanwhile, the 15 inches does give you that option, but you have to sacrifice battery life for it. From what Apple told me last week, I believe this is true. You can certainly argue with the design of the new MacBook Pros — and many are. The argument against this design is that it’s backwards — that for MacBooks targeting pro users, Apple should start with high performance specs and then build a machine that supports things like 32 GB of RAM. If they had done that, they’d have wound up with thicker, heavier designs. Many actual pro users would be delighted by that. Apple simply places a higher priority on thinness and lightness than performance-hungry pro users do. Apple is more willing to compromise on performance than on thinness and lightness and battery life. Intel just doesn’t make the chips that Apple needs. This is why Apple designs its own chips for iOS. You don’t see people complaining that the iPhone or iPad Pro are underpowered. In fact, they’re faster than their competition. (The iPhone 7 has a single-core Geekbench 4 score that is double that of the Google Pixel.) With iPhones and iPads, Apple makes them ever thinner and lighter and yet they still offer industry-leading performance. We’ve all been speculating for years that Apple might start designing its own chips for Macs. At this point it looks like they have to do it. If anything, these new MacBook Pros were overdue — they arrived late and Intel still doesn’t have the chips Apple really needs. Intel is designing its chips for an industry that does not share Apple’s obsession with thinness and lightness. ★ Monday, 31 October 2016 Display Preferences Copyright © 2002–2016 The Daring Fireball Company LLC. Ads via The Deck
null
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 9 °C Wednesday 16 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags AI Artificial Intelligence Drones fora Hardware Internet Movidius Tech See other tags Tags Monday 31 Oct, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3052696 Here's how an Irish company is helping to make drones see like humans The head of Dublin-based Movidius, which was recently sold to Intel in a huge deal, is aiming for sales of $1bn. Oct 31st 2016, 9:30 PM 9,691 Views 5 Comments Share17 Tweet Email1 Image: Movidius THE HEAD OF Movidius, one of the country’s most prominent tech companies, has said that the company’s Dublin base could become the centre of the artificial intelligence industry in Ireland. Remi El-Ouazzane, the company’s chief executive, also said that the firm has plans to significantly ramp up its operations and hopes to hit $1 billion in sales by 2021. Based in Dublin, Movidius designs computer chips which handle advanced vision-processing duties in computers and devices such as cameras and drones. The firm was recently acquired by US computer giant Intel in a deal thought to be worth at least €300 million, making it one of the largest sales involving an indigenous Irish company so far this year. El-Ouazzane, who is speaking at the Drones, Data X conference in Dublin next week, said that the firm is now planning to dramatically expand with Intel’s support. “The goal I have is for the company, by 2021, to hit $1 billion revenue,” he said. It is not ludicrous because you need to think of the company as diversified. He said that the company’s revenue is divided into relatively even thirds, with sales from the drone, security camera and ‘augmented reality’ industries. Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane Source: Youtube Drones Crucially, the Irish firm has a partnership with Dajiang Innovation (DJI), a Hong-Kong based firm which was estimated to account for 70% of the commercial drone market last year. Movidius’ Myriad 2 chip, which is being used in the company’s drones, gives unmanned aircrafts human-like sight capabilities. DJI has developed specialized software algorithms and 3D ‘depth sensing’. These algorithms, coupled with the Movidius’ chip, gives DJI’s drones the ability to sense and avoid obstacles in real-time. This means that the drones can make more autonomous flight functions, and gives them an improved awareness of space while in the air, allowing them to adjust their flight and avoid obstacles in real-time by themselves. DJI had sales of about $1 billion last year. Movidius’ technology debuted in DJI’s flagship Phantom 4 aircraft in March and also powers its new Mavic line, which has received positive reviews. As long as demand for DJI’s drones hold up, Movidius should also see good demand for its chips. Video (http://www.youtube.com/watch=hX0UELNRR1I&t=) Source: Movidius/YouTube “The (drone) market is growing quite fast, and when you combine that with the machine vision on our devices, the drone market is sizable,” El-Ouazzane said. He declined to say how long Movidius’ agreement with DJI is set to run for, although he said that it is a “solid partnership”. He also confirmed that the Irish company is looking for other drone companies to partner with, but declined to give more detail. Security Earlier this week Movidius also announced a deal to partner with another Chinese company, Hikvision, which is the world’s largest supplier of CCTV and video surveillance equipment. Movidius’ Myriad 2 will be powering a new line of the Zhejiang-based company’s smart cameras. El-Ouazzane said that this agreement will likely be as significant for Movidius as its agreement with DJI. Movidius was founded by David Moloney and Sean Mitchell Source: Maxwell Photography “Hikvision is to security cameras what DJI is to the drone market, they have a very strong presence,” he said. Work on Movidius’ technology hasn’t come cheap. The firm made a loss of $19.5 million (€18 million) last year, bringing accumulated loss to $82.6 million as it focused on research and development. Dublin expansion El-Ouazzane declined to reveal a break even aim for the company, but said that its recent agreements will spur a huge growth in sales. “In 2014 our revenue was roughly $1 million, in 2015 it was in excess of $10 million,” he said. This year, if we are not constrained by supply issues, you can expect revenue to grow by 200%. “We need to expand from Dublin as we are growing the number of products we are building. We have 50 people in Dublin (and) we will be doubling our workforce there by the end of next year.” He added: We felt that there is great machine vision talent in Europe and we wanted Dublin to be a centre of excellence. “As (we) scale up, we can make Movidius the AI centre of Ireland with the workforce that we have here. Movidius sees Ireland as a real player in AI and we would welcome more and more AI companies to join us and grow in Dublin.” Written by Paul O’Donoghue and posted on Fora.ie Take me to Fora Read: ‘The land of a thousand hills’ is now using drones to deliver medicine Read: Dutch police have started using eagles to take down drones Get the top business news from Fora delivered to your inbox: Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Fora Staff See more articles by Fora Staff Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/movidius-remi-dublin-drones-2-3052696-Oct2016/?embedpost=3052696&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/movidius-remi-dublin-drones-2-3052696-Oct2016/?embedpost=3052696&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/movidius-remi-dublin-drones-2-3052696-Oct2016/?embedpost=3052696&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Here's how an Irish company is helping to make drones see like humans”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Here's how an Irish company is helping to make drones see like humans”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (5 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Eamon Ryan: 'Trump won’t have it all his own way on climate change' Eamon Ryan The President-elect will face fierce opposition both domestically and internationally if he tries to undo decades of progress on fighting climate change, writes Eamon Ryan. 'The real danger to women is within their own home' Sharon O'Halloran We must acknowledge that some women lives in violent, dangerous domestic situations, writes Sharon O’Halloran. An American in Ireland: 'In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart' Sue Norton People might be feeling outrage and sadness but we need to be optimistic too, writes Sue Norton. Most Popular Today 1 Wrap up well: temperatures set to hit freezing with wintry showers forecast for the week 30,426  17 2 "Without a shadow of a doubt the oddest thing I've come across" - Canadian houseboat washes up on Mayo beach 30,138  34 3 Pictures: Here's how the supermoon looked over Ireland last night 28,294  33 1 You'll soon be able to fly direct from Dublin to Miami on an Aer Lingus plane 214  0 2 The EU's pending free-trade deals are expected to hit the beef industry hardest 197  0 3 'After years as an undercover detective I wanted a change. So I started my own spice business' 199  0 1 These are the 12 stadia that will make up Ireland's 2023 Rugby World Cup bid 47,085  84 2 'We're ready to create something unforgettable': Liam Neeson video launches World Cup bid 24,819  28 3 Former Ireland international Ray Brady, brother of Liam, passes away 24,687  5 1 Conor McGregor cropped this fan out of an Instagram photo, but she got the last laugh 13,575  2 2 A Dublin restaurant is hosting a deadly Beyoncé-themed brunch later this month 9,149  5 3 14 nightmares for people who f**king HATE feet 7,249  6 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS 24-year-old man given suspended sentence for headbutting fellow patron in Copper Face Jacks Man to be sentenced after spending €8,000 that appeared in his account on food, drink and trips away Murder accused shouted 'Britain first' as he shot and stabbed Jo Cox MP, court hears DUBLIN Almost €1 million spent seizing over 2,500 horses and almost 90% were destroyed Former Dublin hurler hits out at 'toxic' atmosphere under Ger Cunningham A woman from Artane made this incredibly intricate Child of Prague cake IRELAND Irish coach Ronan names final squad before stepping down after six years at the helm Ireland prepared for extra dimension Retallick gives All Black attack Ireland expecting 'the real All Blacks' to show up and pose aerial threat in Dublin ENDA KENNY 'Some navy officers rescuing migrants from the Med are on the minimum wage' Now it's the private sector: unions demand 4% increase for all members Melting climate change ice sculptures of Enda Kenny and Denis Naughten are on the move outside the Dáil ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Here's how an Irish company is helping to make drones see like humans Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Join IEEE | IEEE.org | IEEE Xplore Digital Library | IEEE Standards | IEEE Spectrum | More Sites Follow on: Advertisement Engineering Topics  Special Reports  Blogs  Multimedia  The Magazine  Professional Resources  Search  Feature Semiconductors Devices Leading Chipmakers Eye EUV Lithography to Save Moore’s Law Intel, TSMC, and other chipmakers weigh extreme ultraviolet lithography, which may be ready by 2018 By Rachel Courtland Posted 31 Oct 2016 | 15:00 GMT Advertisement Photo: IBM Research Putting EUV to the Test: This EUV scanner (an ASML NXE:3300B) is used to print chip features at a SUNY Polytechnic Institute facility in Albany, N.Y. The EUV light needed to expose wafers is created near the bottom of the scanner, on the side visible in the foreground of this photograph. The far end of the machine is attached to a “track” that coats the wafers before exposure and processes them once they are done. Even after you don a bunny suit and get deep inside Fab 8, it’s hard to get a sense of scale. Rows upon rows of tall machines, known as tools, dominate this US $12 billion GlobalFoundries facility, built amid forest north of Albany, N.Y. Carriers containing silicon wafers zip overhead along ceiling-mounted tracks, like tiny inverted roller coasters. If your timing is good, you’ll be standing by a tool when one of those carriers descends to join it, moving a wafer along to the next step in the three-month-long process it takes to turn a dinner-plate-size disk of raw silicon into chips that could be used inside smartphones, personal computers, and servers. That’s right: Begin making a microprocessor here on New Year’s Day and it may just be finished by the start of spring. Photos: ASML Inside the Machine: To generate EUV, pulses of CO2 laser light are sent into a vessel [top and middle] where they collide with tiny tin droplets to create plasma. This partially assembled EUV scanner [bottom] at ASML’s headquarters in Veldhoven, Netherlands, is one of the company’s more recent models. More than 60 times in the course of this advanced manufacturing process, a wafer will be coated with a light-sensitive substance and enter a light-tight box called a scanner. There, in a process called photolithography, laser light shines through a patterned surface and casts shrunken versions of that pattern onto the wafer, creating the ultrafine features that are needed to build the minute transistors and wiring inside cutting-edge processors. There is little to distinguish these lithography machines from the myriad other tools in this vast ocean of automation. There is no big red sign that flashes “Critically important step here!” But lithography, explains Fab 8 general manager Tom Caulfield, “is the heartbeat of the fab.” Think of these scanners as the front line of Moore’s Law, the repeated doubling of the density of integrated circuit components that has defined more than 50 years of astounding technological progress. For decades, a steady series of remarkable breakthroughs, many of them in photolithography, have enabled chipmakers to repeatedly shrink chip features, keep the length of R&D cycles under control, and economically pack more and more transistors on a chip. Those advances have taken us from chips with thousands of transistors in the early 1970s to billions today. But to keep the good times rolling, GlobalFoundries and other leading-edge chipmakers won’t be able to rely on the brilliant lithographic advances of the past. And so they’re contemplating another radical shift, one that could prove to be the most challenging yet. For the entirety of its existence, semiconductor lithography has been done with electromagnetic radiation that was more or less recognizable as light. But for the change chipmakers are now weighing, the radiation is something else altogether. It’s called extreme ultraviolet (EUV) radiation, but don’t let that name fool you. Unlike the ultraviolet light used in today’s scanners, EUV can’t travel in air, and it can’t be focused by lenses or conventional mirrors. And it’s also difficult to produce; the process begins by firing laser light at a rapid-fire stream of tiny molten tin droplets. The hope is that scanners built to use the resulting 13.5-nanometer light—a wavelength that is less than a tenth of what is used in today’s most state-of-the-art machines—will save chipmakers money by allowing them to print in a single step layers that would otherwise require multiple exposures.   Photo: ASML Inside the Scanner: To make patterns with EUV, engineers had to leave lenses behind. A series of mirrors brings EUV radiation from the scanner’s light source [bottom right] to a mask, which carries the patterns to be printed, and then on to the wafer. An attached “track” [left side, not shown] brings wafers in and out of the scanner. The masks have a separate entrance. But creating EUV systems that are bright and reliable enough to operate in the fab—nearly 24 hours a day, 365 days a year—has proved to be a monumental engineering challenge. For many years, EUV faced significant skepticism and repeatedly failed to live up to predictions that it was almost ready for prime time. Now, though, the technology really does seem to be turning a corner. The brightness of the EUV light source made by Dutch lithography-tool manufacturer ASML Holding seems to be closing in on a figure long targeted for commercial production. ASML, which has emerged as the technology’s standard-bearer, is now shipping EUV scanners that it says should be ready to mass manufacture leading-edge microprocessors and memory starting in 2018. The world’s most advanced chipmakers are working hard to determine when and how these machines will be incorporated into their production lines. The stakes are high. Moore’s Law is facing significant challenges, and no one is sure how the semiconductor industry—which grossed more than $330 billion last year—will navigate the next five or 10 years or what a post-Moore’s-Law semiconductor industry will look like. A decline in revenues might be inevitable. But if keeping the “law” in effect avoids, say, a 15 percent drop in the industry’s income, that would keep an amount of money flowing that is twice as great as the total revenues of the U.S. video game industry. The fineness of the details that can be made with a photolithographic system depends on several factors. But a powerful way to make dramatic improvements is to shorten the wavelength of the light it uses. For decades, lithographers have done just that, shifting their wafer-exposing tools from operation at the blue edge of what’s visible to the human eye down to successively shorter wavelengths in the ultraviolet part of the spectrum. Images: ASML Curves and Corners: EUV promises to create sharper shapes [right] than those that can be created through multiple patterning with today’s 193-nanometer light [left]. The lines in these micrographs have a minimum width of 24 nm. In the late 1980s, the semiconductor industry was beginning the process [PDF] of shifting from mercury lamps to lasers as the light source of choice, reducing the wavelength from 365 nm to 248 nm in the process. But some researchers were already contemplating a far bigger jump, into the X-ray range. Hiroo Kinoshita, then at the Japanese telecommunications firm NTT, reported the results of early work on this idea way back in 1986, using 11-nm radiation. Others, at AT&T Bell Laboratories and at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, also explored the technology independently. In 1989, some of these researchers met and traded notes at a lithography conference. In ensuing years, research into the notion got infusions of investment from government and industry. ASML and several partners began work on what was by then known as EUV lithography in the late 1990s. That was when Anton van Dijsseldonk, who grew up in Veldhoven, the Dutch town where ASML is headquartered, became the company’s first full-time employee on the project. “The end of Moore’s Law was predicted,” he recalls, and the semiconductor industry was hunting for ways to keep resolution improvements going. Chipmakers were also struggling to improve overlay—the ability to put a wafer back in the scanner again after its peregrinations through the fab and have the next set of patterns print in exactly the right place. “People were looking in those days at the alternatives,” van Dijsseldonk says, “and EUV was the exotic one.” But from the beginning, ASML’s EUV researchers were convinced they could make the technology work—and that it would be the most economical option for chipmakers. Before the decade was out, the company had decided to build demonstration scanners that could be used by other researchers to test the approach. Nothing about it was easy. Physics offers few favors for engineers hoping to cast patterns with what are essentially X-rays. At 13.5 nm, the wavelength the company ultimately chose, light is readily absorbed by many materials. Even the air we breathe “is absolutely black,” absorbing every last bit of the radiation, van Dijsseldonk notes. So he and his colleagues realized early on that the only way an EUV scanner could work was in vacuum, with each wafer entering and leaving the scanner through an air lock. And then there’s the problem of bending the radiation. EUV is also absorbed by glass, so directing it through the machine would require a shift from lenses to mirrors. And not just any mirrors. A simple polished surface would not be nearly reflective enough, so they’d have to use Bragg reflectors—multilayer mirrors that can constructively reinforce many small reflections into a single, reasonably strong one. Photos: ASML Headed East: A portion of an ASML NXE:3350B EUV scanner is loaded onto a 747-400 extended-range freighter at the Amsterdam Airport Schiphol in the Netherlands, for shipment to a customer. The scanner is split into nine parts (some larger than others) for shipping. Today, the mirrors inside ASML’s EUV machines consist of 40 pairs of alternating silicon and molybdenum layers—each just a few nanometers thick. Zeiss, the company that developed these mirrors, constructs their aspheric surfaces with great precision. But at the end of the day, van Dijsseldonk says, “if you do it fantastically [well], you get a mirror with a reflectivity of 70 percent.” That level of reflectivity means that, for every pair of mirrors used in the system, the light is cut by half. And a scanner could easily require a dozen mirrors to take light from the source to the mask—itself a mirror—and then on to the wafer. After an EUV beam has traversed this gauntlet, less than 2 percent of the light may be left. The less light that reaches a wafer, the longer a wafer must remain in the scanner to be exposed. And in a fab, time means money. For EUV to make it into commercial use, it needs to be able to compete with the cost of existing lithographic methods. So the losses among the mirrors have to be compensated by a radiation source that is extremely bright. And that proved to be really, really hard to engineer. In the early days, EUV researchers used just about everything they could think of to generate X-rays, including lasers and particle accelerators. But the method that won out, which seemed to offer a practical and economical way to get sufficient brightness, employs plasma. Zap the right material with a powerful enough laser or electric current and you can separate electrons from the atoms they’re attached to. The resulting plasma will radiate EUV as the superhot blob cools back to its prezapped state. The oft-repeated target for such plasma-based light sources has been 250 watts at the intermediate focus, the location where the EUV light exits the source and enters the scanner. That level of light would enable the machine to produce in the neighborhood of 125 wafers per hour, a mass production target that is about half the rate of today’s advanced 193-nm machines. But for a number of years, progress was slow, and brightness improvements consistently lagged behind predictions. By 2011, some five years after ASML delivered its first test scanners to two customers, one of the leading light-source developers, San Diego–based Cymer, had succeeded in developing a source that could consistently deliver 11 W. “We probably underestimated how difficult it would be,” concedes ASML’s Hans Meiling, who is responsible for EUV product marketing. In the end, in an effort to accelerate development, ASML put in a bid for Cymer, formally completing the reported €3.1 billion acquisition in 2013. To create EUV light, Cymer uses an approach called laser-produced plasma, which fires 50,000 microscopic droplets a second of ultrapure molten tin across a vacuum chamber, hitting each with powerful CO2-laser light generated by a series of amplifiers derived from a design originally used for metal cutting. When a laser pulse hits a molten tin droplet, it heats it up into an EUV-emitting plasma. A collector mirror reflects light created in this process and casts it into the scanner. Because the approach generates EUV light as well as tin debris, hydrogen gas constantly flows across the collector mirror to keep it from being rapidly covered with a layer of tin. “The first time I heard about it, I thought it was insane,” admits ASML’s Alberto Pirati, who joined the company’s EUV light-source program in early 2013. But little by little, the team achieved the seemingly impossible. One of the biggest breakthroughs came with the introduction of a technique the Cymer team began exploring before being acquired by ASML. They found that if they fired a “prepulse” before the main laser, they could flatten each tin droplet into a pancake, creating more surface area for the main laser to hit and increasing how much of the tin droplet was converted to plasma. The change has boosted the laser-to-EUV conversion efficiency from a meager 1 percent to some 5 percent. Earlier this year, thanks to the prepulse and other optimizations, ASML reported that it had reached 200 W in the lab. Another light-source developer, Gigaphoton, has also reported great progress. The long-awaited production target of 250 W no longer seems far off. But the true test of whether EUV is ready to go into production will happen in the labs and fabs—and spreadsheets—of ASML’s chipmaking customers. Nobody doubts that EUV machines can make fine features. Go to a semiconductor conference and you’ll probably come across a presentation with sharp-looking micrographs of EUV-made patterns, juxtaposed against blurrier ones made using today’s conventional methods. The question now is what role EUV will play in the mass production of major commercial chips—and when it will do it. Certainly, the cost of adopting EUV seems daunting. The list price of ASML’s newest EUV machine exceeds €100 million, more than twice that of an average 193-nm scanner, says spokesperson Niclas Mika. It is about the height and width of a New York City bus and is shipped in multiple 747s. Customer estimates suggest such a machine, run at mass-production levels, could consume some 1.5 megawatts or so of electricity, significantly more than a 193-nm machine. Images: ASML The Evolution of a Droplet: To create EUV light, molten tin droplets are flattened by one laser pulse and then converted to light-emitting plasma by a second pulse. But a simple comparison of specs won’t capture all the costs of manufacturing. Today’s state-of-the-art 193-nm lithographic systems can produce chip features with dimensions that are a small fraction of that wavelength. This feat was made possible by two major breakthroughs. The first was immersion lithography, which places water between a silicon wafer and the optics that project a pattern onto it. The second was multiple patterning, which splits the process of making the features in a layer into two or more steps. To create a set of closely spaced holes, for example, a wafer can be run once through the scanner to fashion half of them, and then again to fashion the other half, slightly offset. Because wafer position can be determined with great precision, multiple patterning lets engineers create features that are more closely spaced than would be possible in one step. In principle, the more steps used, the finer the features. But each addition makes the process of bringing a chip into the world costlier and more complex. Today, GlobalFoundries uses triple patterning when it makes its 14-nm chips, the most advanced ones currently created in Fab 8. This means that, for certain critical layers, a chip takes two extra passes through a scanner—and every other tool that is used to make those layers. And the company anticipates going to quadruple patterning at 7 nm, its next chip generation, says George Gomba, who is leading the company’s task of evaluating the technology at a SUNY Polytechnic Institute facility in Albany, along with colleagues from IBM. For now, GlobalFoundries plans to roll out its 7-nm chips in 2018 without EUV, but it is reserving the option of pulling the technology in when it is ready. A key question for Gomba and his colleagues is when the cost of EUV will break even with multiple patterning. And it’s a very tricky question to answer because it depends on a number of unknown factors, including how bright EUV light sources will become and the uptime of an entire EUV lithographic system—the percentage of time it’s actually available to be used.   Source: ASML; Illustration: Mark Montgomery Tin Power: To generate EUV, ASML’s light source hits a rapid-fire stream of molten tin droplets with laser pulses. The process begins beneath the fab floor, in a system that generates two sets of laser pulses. Each tin droplet is flattened by a “prepulse” and then hit with a “main pulse,” which heats the droplet to create a plasma. A collector mirror directs the resulting radiation into the scanner. GlobalFoundries and IBM are not the only ones that have poured money into EUV. In 2012, Intel, Samsung, and Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC) committed a total of €1.38 billion in R&D funding to ASML for next-generation lithography research (the same deal garnered ASML €3.85 billion for nonvoting shares in the company). ASML’s Meiling estimates about 4,000 people work on EUV for the company, a figure that does not include the researchers at leading chipmakers and research institutions with EUV programs of their own. The reason for all this investment is not only that EUV is hard but that chipmakers are coming around to the idea that, soon, they may not be able to move forward without it. If you ask Anthony Yen, who leads EUV lithography development at TSMC, how critical EUV is to Moore’s Law, he won’t beat around the bush: “Totally critical. 100 percent critical. Very, very critical.” TSMC expects to adopt EUV in 2020, when the company aims to begin producing chips on its 5-nm manufacturing line. For now, though, there are still some engineering challenges. At the top of Yen’s list is protecting the mask, the stencil-like surface that carries a pattern to be printed on the wafer. Just as the optical components of the EUV scanner are reflective, so too is the mask. And here, once again, the pesky matter of reflectance becomes an issue. In a 193-nm immersion machine, the mask is protected by a thin film called a pellicle, which is suspended a short distance away and stretched across it like a piece of plastic wrap. At current feature sizes, a piece of dust too small to see with the naked eye is still big enough to blot out hundreds of transistors. Thanks to the magic of optics, if a piece of dust falls on the pellicle, it will be too out of focus to create a pattern on the wafer. But these 193-nm pellicles aren’t designed to be transparent to 13.5-nm light; EUV would quickly obliterate them. ASML planned to build the scanners without pellicles, but chipmakers weren’t comfortable with the potential downside. “If one particle gets on a mask,” Yen explains, “every single die on your wafer is damaged. Basically, you can end up with zero yield.” Months of work and, depending on the number of wafers produced, tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars’ worth of chips would be lost. As a result, ASML has been researching ways to make a pellicle that can withstand the harsh onslaught of EUV radiation. The pellicle has to be as transparent as possible, so that little additional light is lost before it gets to the wafer. And it’s doubly difficult in this case: Because EUV masks are reflective rather than transmissive, light must go through a pellicle twice—once on the way in and once on the way out. There are still other challenges with EUV that its potential customers want to see resolved before they commit to the technology. One is the ability to make EUV masks free of defects—and develop efficient ways to confirm that they are in fact defect free. Another piece of the puzzle is the photoresist—the light-sensitive layer that is coated on a wafer to take a mask’s pattern. Today’s resists, known as chemically amplified resists, are made from polymeric chains of molecules that multiply the effect of incoming photons. But these materials are not especially efficient absorbers of EUV light, explains Andrew Grenville, CEO of the EUV-resist startup Inpria. What’s more, the recorded image tends to blur slightly as the light-triggered amplification reaction diffuses through the material. To make finer features than we have today, “you really need much smaller and more robust building blocks,” Grenville says. Inpria is working on a resist made of smaller tin-oxide components that are designed to absorb EUV five times as readily and create patterns without amplification. Will it all be ready in time to keep Moore’s Law from dissolving, either permanently or temporarily? Lithography expert Chris Mack doubts that all the pieces will come together for chipmakers by 2018. Planning for a new chip-manufacturing generation happens years in advance. Making a commitment to use EUV in just a few years’ time, he says, “is too risky.” Mack, a notorious EUV skeptic who once wagered his Lotus Elise sports car against the technology, does, however, admit to a “glimmer of hope” for it. Chipmakers are struggling to keep miniaturization on track and costs under control; the timing between successive chip generations seems to be getting longer, and chip features are not shrinking as aggressively as they used to. These struggles could give EUV an opening, he says: “There’s a real possibility that this slowdown in Moore’s Law could enable EUV to have enough time to catch up.” Enough time, that is, before costs cause Moore’s Law to grind to a halt. EUV may well reach a point where it is ready for adoption and will reduce manufacturing costs, Mack says. But by that point, he says, the overall cost of the next generation of advanced chips may prove too much—and the performance benefits not impressive enough—for chipmakers to pursue it. Already, Mack says, older chip-manufacturing generations are staying in the mix longer: “I think we’re going to see the marketplace splitting up and lots of companies doing lots of different things.” As it has in the past, the fate of Moore’s Law will hinge not only on how finely we can print features but on how well physicists and engineers can keep improving the resulting transistors and circuits. Even a rapid-fire sequence of tin plasma flashes won’t be able to shed any light on exactly when the world’s greatest technological winning streak will finally end. But it just might light the path ahead.  A version of this article appears in the November 2016 print issue as “The Molten Tin Solution.” Advertisement Recommended For You Breaking the Multicore Bottleneck For Racing Glory, Students Built a Mountain-Busting Electric Motorcycle Online Voting Isn’t as Flawed as You Think—Just Ask Estonia China’s 2,000-km Quantum Link Is Almost Complete Inside the Development of Light, the Tiny Digital Camera That Outperforms DSLRs Social Media’s Dial-Up Ancestor: The Bulletin Board System Learn More EUV lithography Moore's Law devices extreme ultraviolet lithography immersion lithography lithography optical lithography photolithography semiconductors Comments Comment Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="http://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a> Comments powered by Disqus Topics Aerospace At Work Biomedical Computing Energy Gadgets Geek Life Green Tech Robotics Semiconductors Telecom Transportation Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ RSS IEEE Spectrum Contact Us About Newsletters Mobile Site Reprints & Permissions IEEE Partners Advertising & Media Center IEEE Job Site Buyer’s Guide The Magazine Subscribe Now Digital Download © Copyright 2016 IEEE Spectrum Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Opting Out of Cookies | Accessibility | Nondiscrimination Policy Join IEEE About IEEE Conferences & Events Education & Careers Membership & Services Publications and Standards Societies & Communities © Copyright 2016 IEEE — All rights reserved. Use of this Web site signifies your agreement to the IEEE Terms and Conditions. A not-for-profit organization, IEEE is the world's largest technical professional organization dedicated to advancing technology for the benefit of humanity.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple The first benchmarks for Apple’s new MacBook Pro are out Chris Smith BGR NewsOctober 31, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Apple’s new MacBook Pro is already available for sale, but only the "dumb" version — that’s the 13-inch model that lacks a Touch Bar touchscreen and only has two USB-C ports. The laptop is meant to replace the MacBook Air, which isn’t receiving any more updates. It’s also not as exciting as the 13-inch and 15-inch versions that come with a Touch Bar. That said, the first benchmarks for the laptop have emerged, proving that the MacBook Air replacement is faster than last year’s base MacBook Pro option. DON’T MISS: Apple should kill the iPhone’s Lightning port next According to the first benchmark scores found on Geekbench, the entry level MacBook Pro sports an Intel i5-6360U Skylake processor that goes up to 6970 in tests. Comparatively, last year’s base 13-inch MacBook Pro has an average score of 6497. The high-end early 2015 MacBook Pro scores 6983, while the mid-range option reaches 6782 according to these tests. macbook-pro-late-2016-benchmark-1More What’s also important to note, aside from the marginal speed gains, is the energy efficiency of the new silicon. It might not be Intel’s latest chips powering the late 2016 MacBook Pro, but Skylake chips are more efficient than Broadwell-based 2015 Intel chips. According to MacRumors, the new chips consume 15-watt, which is almost half of the 28-watt power requirement of last year’s I5 chips. That’s why the 2016 MacBook Pro has comparable battery life to last year’s model even though Apple had to reduce battery size from 74.9-watt-hour to 54.5-watt-hour. The late 2016 MacBook Pros with Touch Bar and Touch ID will be available for testing in about a month, and they’re likely to score even higher than the dumb option, as they all ship with slightly faster chips. Trending right now: The iPhone 8 could have Apple’s most courageous feature yet This is the most stunning iPhone 8 mockup yet, and it might be accurate Pokemon Go Halloween strategy guide will help you make the most of the event See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Best Buy just released a brand new Black Friday ad: Here’s what changed BGR News WhatsApp video calling is finally here Yahoo Tech Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year The Verge iOS 10 Hidden Feature: The Magnifier Yahoo Tech Spotify has been quietly killing your SSD’s life for months BGR News New hybrid console takes Nintendo on the go Yahoo Tech The first ‘Ghost in the Shell’ trailer is finally here BGR News This smart crib will help your baby sleep safely through the night Yahoo Tech Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo News Network
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] Win a Gigabyte GTX 1070 G1 Gaming Bundle [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: CPU Industry News 8 Researchers break multi-core CPU bottleneck by Mark Tyson on 31 October 2016, 16:31 Tags: Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadalm Add to My Vault: Researchers from Intel and at North Carolina State University have been looking into the problem of sub-optimal communication between microprocessor cores. The last decade has seen chipmakers shift strategy from faster-and-faster to more-and-more cores in search of performance improvements. Dual-core and quad-core chips have shown great benefits in modern PCs and devices, however scaling beyond to 8, 10, 16, or more cores provides diminishing returns. Worse still, poorly optimised software can lead to further speed-impacting hotspots on multi-core processors. The problem is down to the need for the CPU cores to communicate with each other to work in concert - but this process brings significant overhead with the proliferation of cores, explains a recent report published by IEEE Spectrum. One possible solution, devised by Intel and at NC State scientists, is moving the software queue to hardware. As explained in the above linked report, "This effectively turned three multistep ­software-queue operations into three simple instructions: Add data to the queue, take data from the queue, and put data close to where it's going to be needed next." In practical use a hardware queue management device (QMD) noticeably sped up tasks using data processing simulations. With QMD more cores show stronger gains – a 16 core CPU with QMD performed 20 times faster, for example. Furthermore, as the QMD is capable of simple computational functions it can aggregate data from multiple cores, expediting some basic computational functions. Interestingly the researchers tested expanding the QMD logic to handle other core-communications-dependent functions and got good results. This shows that moving frequently used software elements to hardware to find a sweet spot seems worthwhile going forward. Whether QMD logic will be added to future Intel processors is uncertain but Intel is spending money researching this tech, so it looks positive for the future as processors gain more and more cores. Related Reading 4 Intel to release an unlocked Kaby Lake Core i3 desktop CPU The Core i3-7350K will be targeted at overclockers on a budget, say reports. 103 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? And is it still managing with your workload, or are you feeling the urge to upgrade? 11 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst Chip-scale optical connectivity may "mitigate Moore's Law" and could be ready in 3 years. Intel Core i5-7600K review published by Chinese tech site Intel reveals desktop Kaby Lake processor lineup EVGA SC17 1070 Gaming Laptop Next gen Intel chipsets to sport on-board Wi-Fi and USB 3.1 HEXUS Forums :: 8 Comments Login with Forum Account User Name Password Don't have an account? Register today! Posted by Tunnah - Mon 31 Oct 2016 17:02 I read about this not long ago, it sounds really promising. Of course if Intel pioneer it and implement it into the Xeon line it'll be another leap forward that AMD can't make itself, pushing the gap between em into a chasm, and that means Intel will continue to lead with no real competitor Posted by frozen-monkey - Mon 31 Oct 2016 17:19 Tunnah Of course if Intel pioneer it and implement it into the Xeon line it'll be another leap forward that AMD can't make itself, pushing the gap between em into a chasm, and that means Intel will continue to lead with no real competitor It's a vicious circle…if people don't buy your product then you can't afford to innovate so people don't buy your product so you can't afford to innovate…. AMD need to pull one out of the bag with both their GPU and CPU businesses to start taking back market share. Posted by lumireleon - Mon 31 Oct 2016 19:55 QMD is a good idea but dont be surprised AMD to come up with the quantum processor for domestic use Posted by Dashers - Tue 01 Nov 2016 10:46 frozen-monkey It's a vicious circle…if people don't buy your product then you can't afford to innovate so people don't buy your product so you can't afford to innovate… Back in the day there were a few companies that produced “clones”. Chips and chipsets that were compatible with Intel/IBM kit. They didn't need to cover the costs of R&D as they weren't producing anything innovative, so they could compete on price. Unfortunately Intel aggressively prices it's entry level chips too, top-loading the pricing on their high performance components that AMD can't touch. Posted by Xlucine - Tue 01 Nov 2016 16:32 Back in the day when nvidia competed with intel on motherboards… SEE NEWER » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 2 Intel's on-die silicon photonics tech is mind-blowing says analyst 11 3 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 4 Razer Blade Stealth 7 5 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 1 QOTW: Which CPU is inside your PC(s)? 104 2 Shipping manifest hints at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 10GB VRAM 22 3 Recent Nvidia drivers include telemetry logging functionality 14 4 AOC AGON 35-inch 'Extremely Curved' gaming monitor launched 13 5 MSI VR One VR backpack PC hits retail, costing around £2000 12 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 AfterShokz introduce the next generation wired bone conduction headphones 2 HP Unveils Industry’s First-ever Mini Workstation 3 Announcing the Swiftech Komodo GTX Titan X Waterblock 4 Lian Li Releases the PC-O10 Dual-Compartment Mid Tower: ATX Meets SFX 5 TYAN Displays HPC Platforms for Enterprises and Data Centers to Accelerate HPC Market Growth at SC16 6 AMD Releases the Most Versatile Open Source Platform for GPU Computing INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 408,180 Forum posts: 2,558,722 Forum threads: 246,623 Currently active users: 503 Copyright © 1998 - 2016, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
null
Blog Blog Archives Writing Gear Bags Writing Highlights Most Popular Fiction Archive Photography Prints and Licensing Portfolios Central Valley Refuges Impressions of Yellowstone Stock Photography Image Galleries Best of the Year Collections About Social Media Birding Life List ThreeDotLounge Mailing Lists Archives OtherRealms Archives Plaidworks Mailing List Archives « Thoughts on the new MacBook Pros and Apple’s announcements. Apple’s marketing on one slide. » How Apple could have avoided much of the controversy By chuq | Published Oct 31 2016 Here’s a basic reality: criticizing and second-guessing Apple is a hobby for many of us, and a profession for more than is probably healthy for the Apple ecosystem. That is a basic reality that isn’t going to change any time soon. I long ago got used the the idea that no matter what Apple said or released, the Internet would fall over itself proving how much smarter they were than Apple, only to see Apple make another truckload of money on the product everyone was criticizing. That said, this event’s criticism has been louder and more widespread and angrier than I remember seeing for a long time. I finally had to basically unplug for a while because I found myself getting into the “someone is wrong on the internet” mentality. Writing my piece over the weekend was about as difficult as anything I’ve ever written because there are a lot of legitimate gripe points with Apple right now, but so much of what’s being thrown around is trivial and petty and often outright wrong, or just plain silly. A lot of it boils down to this concept: We demand Apple innovate, but we insist they don’t change anything. No matter what, Apple loses. And as someone who watches this circus from my perch here in the Apple Ecosystem, I have to just recognize that, find the interesting and informed voices among the noise, learn from them and then move on. If I were Apple I’ve been thinking about how — if I were Apple — I’d try to minimize some of the pain and chaos going on with the users right now, while still being, well, Apple, who doesn’t roadmap the future and who really doesn’t like admitting there are problems or mistakes. Under the assumption that there are updated desktops coming after the first of the year, I think it would have made sense to mention that, just so users waiting for them can stop feeling abandoned. It doesn’t require a lot of disclosure, but I think it was time for at least some. So, later in the event, Phil brings up a single slide that says something like “More is coming soon”, and adds some color about what that means — updated iMac, a new Mac pro, and — dare we dream — an update to the Mini? Highlight some of the upcoming features, wide color, Skylake processors, USB C and thunderbolt 3, and perhaps even throw Intel under the bus a little bit over the reason they’re not shipping today. That would, I think, have muted a lot of the anger I’m seeing, without really giving away anything people couldn’t guess for themselves. What’s important here to me is that Apple acknowledges the cluster in the product line rather than proudly announce how great life is. Let’s Talk Mac Pro Speaking of clusters, let’s talk Mac Pro for a minute. I’ve come to the belief that the trash can Mac pro, the “Can’t Innovate my Ass” machine, is a product mistake of the “20th Century Anniversary Macintosh” caliber. It was a technological marvel, it was a stunning design, and it was a terrible piece of hardware for its primary audiences because of limited upgradability and component flexibility — and then Apple compounded that by not having good upgrade plans in place to refresh it since the design it created wouldn’t let its users do it for themselves. I’m convinced we’ll see not just an updated Mac Pro, but a new design, one that I hope backs away from some of the issues this design has. What I’m hoping for is in fact a new desktop product line which merges the Mini and the Mac Pro where, like the MacBooks, you have the options of 2-3 models each with 2-3 configuration upgrades which cover the pricing and processing needs from a basic Mac Mini to today’s Mac Pro supercomputer capabilities. I’m not convinced the Mini will survive this round of upgrades, but I do believe there’s a good niche for a basic desktop/server, and if it’s part of a consolidated product line (“meet the Apple Desktop!”) that’ll minimize investments in the product line because it can be shared across the configurations. Lets Talk Dongles People are having a field day talking about dongles and escape keys. Which is a bit like buying a new BMW and complaining about the color. The reality is, most might need a dongle or two but many people won’t need any. I bought three, mostly because I like keeping them in my travel bag for when I’m out and about, and in reality, 90% of their usage is by co-workers who forget to bring theirs to meetings, not by me. But hey, someone needs to think ahead. As has been pointed out by many, the escape key is still there, it’s just not a separate physical key any more. And in all honestly, almost nobody will care about that after having used the new device for a month and gotten used to it, and for the couple of percent of you who will insist on remaining upset about this change, I’m sorry. But you can always use the VT-100 you have in your office when it bothers you too much. I know when I buy a new car, I invariably have some accessories I need to buy because the ones I had with the old one aren’t correct for the new one — winter chains are always replaced, it seems. So if I’m spending $25-$30K on a car, spending another $100 on chains isn’t a big deal. But watch the nerds complain about a $19 thing to customize their $2500 computer. My short answer: time for a bit of perspective, people. In my case, my solution to all of the port changes is pretty simple: I bought a USB-C dock for the desktop, and a small one for the travel bag. When the new laptop arrives, I’ll unplug the Thunderbolt dock, replace it with the USB dock, plug it into the new Laptop, plug my Thunderbolt drive into the laptop with a dongle, and plug my existing USB hub into the new dock. Done. It really doesn’t seem that complicated or expensive. And in fact, USB-C docks are half the price of thunderbolt docks. Which makes them almost a no-brainer option for people using these new laptops at their workspace. So I’m going from two cables into the laptop (power and thunderbolt for the dock) to two cables into the laptop (USB-C/power and Thunderbolt). Lets Talk Niche When I wrote about this over the weekend, I was thinking and talking about niches a lot, and the more I think about it, the more I see this unhappiness as a battle to stay out of the niche — people want to be part of Apple’s mainstream, and where we see the biggest anger is groups of people who’s come to the realization that’s not true any more. The fact is, the Mac product line itself is becoming a niche product, because the days of the personal computer have started the shift back to where computers will be a hobby for the nerd and for the mainstream user, devices which use computers to enable tasks are starting to replace them: that includes tablets, but also gaming consoles and whatever it is that will ultimately take ownership of the living room. This is sad if you’re a computer nerd, but it means these technologies have gone mainstream and we have to remember most people aren’t interested for computers as computers, they are interested in solving problems, and use computers for doing that. And in many ways, a lot of the unhappiness I’m seeing about these new computers comes down to dealing with the realities of the Mac itself becoming a niche product to Apple, and of finding that your preferred use of the Mac is itself a niche within that niche, and one Apple may not see as central to the product itself any more. And that’s just reality; all the whining and moaning aren’t going to undo the market forces driving this. Apple is reacting to changes, not pushing them. But let’s talk about niches within niches for a minute. Lots of the complaints about dongles boil down to two things: they’re ugly (which is true) and they are features that should be built into the product. I can’t fix the first one, but to those arguing that Apple is just soaking users by forcing them to buy dongles, adding $40 to a $2500 product simply isn’t financially significant. And if you think about it, if Apple did see these are lucrative products instead of functional accessories, they’d make them a lot prettier. But the bigger issue around dongles is that niche thing again. These are accessories that allow specific customizations to the device that some people will want, but which most people won’t need. If you think about it, perhaps the biggest change from my older, 2013 laptop is that it’s gone from having seven (yes, that many) ports, each with a specific purpose to having four points, each customizable by a cable to dongle to solve the problem you have. My laptop has a power port, an SD card port, 3 Thunderbolt ports and two USB ports. I know that in the four years I’ve owned it, I’ve never used the SD card, I use the Power port, one Thunderbolt port, and occasionally plug a USB cable in. So half the ports in this thing are never used — and yet I paid for them because they were built into the computer. That’s the issue that defines dongles: Should 100% of buyers pay for a feature when only 5% of the owners will use it? Or 10%? How many users will need a feature before you think it ought to be required for everyone to buy it as part of the device? Where do you draw that line? One thing I’ve been pondering this weekend, but I couldn’t find any data on it: if Apple had to make a choice between including that SD card or including a VGA connector, which one should Apple do? Because I’d be willing to take a bet that more people use a VGA dongle twice a month than use that SD card twice a month on their existing machines. But the nice thing is that the ports on the new computer give you the options to have the capabilities you need, not the capabilities Apple thinks someone might need. And if you really think the dongles are ugly, I’m sorry — but there are also non-Apple options that are often cheaper, too. But dongles are very much a feature, not a bug. And four general purpose ports is, to me, a big upgrade over seven specialty ports. We need to remember that if they add all of those ports to the computer, you’re paying for them, whether or not you use them. And they all take power, they add complexity, and increase the chance of failure for the device as a whole. And it’ll end up looking like this. Lets Talk RAM There’s been a lot of criticism about the limit to 16Gb in these machines. As people have dug into it, it looks like this is another bundle of joy Intel has left on Apple’s porch for Apple to do the best it can with. One of the best looks at it is Rene at iMore: Why not throw power efficiency out the window and make a 15-inch MacBook Pro variant for video pros that can support the big, hot, and hungry workarounds needed to get 32 GB or more into a notebook, the way they made a 13-inch variant without a Touch Bar and with only two Thunderbolt 3 ports? Take a step back and think about this product: let’s say Apple releases a MacBook Pro, probably 15” with a special configuration for power users: you can build it out to 32Gb (probably comes in 16 and 32Gb only), has a beefier CPU/GPU — and gets 2-3 hours of battery life. So effectively, they’re reinventing the portable office machine, not a laptop. Stop and think about how the internet would react to this product. Now, start muting all the yelling, and ask yourself: If you had a choice between this product, or buying the existing MacBook Pro with good battery life but some struggles with 4K video processing (which seems to be the space where this memory is going to hurt a bit), I’d go with the smaller RAM on the existing laptop. I expect all but the most hard-core video nerds would, too. So, think about niches and market sizes: If only about 10% (SWAG(1) numbers) of MacBook Pro users are likely to have memory issues at 16Gb and then only for specific tasks like 4K video rendering, and if only 40% of those users would consider buying this memory enhanced special product (at a premium), is it worth Apple doing? I’m thinking not. At the same time, I’m not saying there’s no issue here: it bothers me that users have no viable options here at all right now, but Apple can’t solve a problem Intel’s left no solution for. I do think/hope that an updated kick-butt Mini after the first of the year could be one way through this for most of the users impacted by the memory, but we won’t know for a while, and the uncertainty is bad news for the user base. Missing the forest for the trees [Update: I grabbed the wrong CPU benchmark; my bad. Updated this to the corrected info — it’s not doubled, it’s roughly the same as my current Laptop, but since I’m going from the top end 15″ model to a 13″ model, that’s really what I was expecting in the first place — chuq] Among the noise being made about this upgrade by people complaining these new laptops bring nothing for them to the table are a bunch of basic enhancements being ignored: when I looked up raw benchmarks on my existing 2013 unit and the one I bought, I found the CPU benchmark doubled and the GPU benchmark was about the same. On top of that, a bigger, faster SSD and faster RAM mean this machine should be a lot faster and more capable. Also in the long run, USB C is a performance win, and so is Thunderbolt 3. For Photographers, the new wide color monitor looks to be a massive upgrade. This machine is a much better machine in many ways, which is being ignored in the discussions about all of the other features in the device. Lets Talk Bottom Line I think these computers are taking some valid criticism, but much of that criticism is ignoring a lot of the positives that these new computers have, including nice improvements in CPU and GPU speed and faster RAM, all indicating nice bumps in overall performance. But having said that, the fact that so much of the Mac product line is such a cluster and Apple didn’t acknowledge that makes the criticism understandable and deserved. What we got from Apple was good; what we needed from Apple was that and more — and it didn’t happen. This was all Apple being Apple, but this time, because of the issues in the product line, it wasn’t enough. I’m disappointed Apple said nothing about desktops this event, but not surprised. Personally, I was hoping to get a nice desktop and a MacBook, but since there’s no new desktop to buy, I’m picking up the MacBook pro and so I lose my chance to give Apple even more money during this round of upgrades. I’m really looking forward to getting my hands on this new laptop and seeing how it performs. I’m hopeful the new Touch Bar will be a tool and not a toy, but time will tell on that. And I’m really, really hoping that early in 2017 Apple unless the new iMac, the new MacPro line, and that all of this will finally be behind us; unfortunately, this product line cluster has run on about a year longer than I’m happy with — in many ways, we can blame Intel for the cause, but Apple takes it’s part of blame for poor communication on all of this. But if there’s one truth I can predict moving forward, no matter what Apple does, there will be people criticizing it. That’s just life in the Apple ecosystem. Notes: (1) SWAG: Silly Wild Ass Guess, although my percentages of users affected by the memory limitation is based around talks I’ve had this last few days trying to scope out the impact of this. It’s pretty… Niche. Share this: Tweet Email This entry was posted in Apple Inc. « Thoughts on the new MacBook Pros and Apple’s announcements. Apple’s marketing on one slide. » Subscribe (or else) I’m looking for my next job. I'm looking at the end of my sabbatical and starting to search for my next job. Could you use someone like me? Do you know someone who could? Take a look at Getting Back to Work for the details and help me find my next role. (THANKS!) Keep In Touch View chuqui’s profile on Facebook View chuq’s profile on Twitter View chuq_vr’s profile on Instagram View chuqui’s profile on LinkedIn More to explore Some Thoughts on Lightroom Keywords What's in my Camera Bag Good Enough Defeats Great First Impressions of the Fuji X-T2 Free Desktop Wallpapers Hate your battery charger? Switch to USB Organizing and Backing up your data for the Digital Photographer A Sample Community Manager Job Description 2015 in Review: My Favorite Images Topic Categories About Chuq App Development and Platforms Apple Inc Birding Bird Photography Blogging Business Community Management Health and Fitness Hockey Humor Merced Wildlife Refuge music Of Interest Photography Referees Reviews San Jose Sharks Science Fiction/Fantasy Silicon Valley - San Francisco Bay Area Social Media Wildlife Refuge Yosemite National Park Follow me on Twitter at @chuq Tweets by @chuq Recent Posts Resets New wallpapers — free to use on your desktop Radio Road Ponds, September 11 Some updates and appearances Apple’s marketing on one slide. Links Blog Photography Popular Writing Gear Bags About Chuq Social Media Privacy Policy Terms of Services All content is Copyright © 2016 by Chuq Von Rospach. These images are not public domain. Please contact us if you are interested in licensing an image for use. Commercial use is prohibited without explicit permission. Affiliate links: Some of our links will send you to Amazon or some other affiliate site. Using these links to buy something will cost you nothing and toss a few dollars to us to help support creating new content for this site, but it's completely up to you. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. How Doctors Could One Day Use Your DNA to Cure You subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER INNOVATION INSIGHTS Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours This stunning time-lapse captures a total solar eclipse in Norway: bit.ly/2eYcljC Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 2 . Caption: The Voorhes Slide: 2 / of 2 . Caption: Eric Dishman is finally cancer-free after more than 20 years—and, following a kidney transplant, he now heads the Precision Medicine Initiative Cohort Program at the National Institutes of Health.Joe Pugliese! Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Sarah Zhang. Sarah Zhang personal frontiers Science Date of Publication: 10.31.16. 10.31.16 Time of Publication: 4:00 pm. 4:00 pm How Doctors Could One Day Use Your DNA to Cure You The Voorhes “I don’t mean to be morbid,” Eric Dishman told a friend as he was winding down his job at Intel. “But this may be the last time you see me.” Dishman, a longtime leader of the company’s health research division, was preparing to die. The kidney cancer he’d been diagnosed with in college had caught up to him two decades later. His kidneys had failed, and the chemo drug that kept him alive was incompatible with dialysis. Eric Dishman is finally cancer-free after more than 20 years—and, following a kidney transplant, he now heads the Precision Medicine Initiative Cohort Program at the National Institutes of Health.Joe PuglieseBut that friend happened to work for a DNA sequencing company, and he offered to analyze the genome of Dishman’s cancer cells. What could it hurt? Weeks later, Dishman got two 1-terabyte hard drives by courier, loaded with his genomic data. Another copy went to his doctors. And just days before he was to start dialy­sis—he already had the surgical port in his arm—his doctors called. Dishman’s kidney cancer mutations looked like they actually belonged to a form of pancreatic cancer. He switched to a drug designed for tumors in a totally different organ. It worked. Dishman is finally cancer-free after more than 20 years—and, following a successful kidney transplant, he now heads the Precision Medicine Initiative Cohort Program at the National Institutes of Health. There, he’s in charge of recruiting 1 million Americans to share their DNA and medical histories for a massive study. As research like this pinpoints links between genetic variation and disease, doctors could someday look up a patient’s DNA and use it to prescribe custom treatments for cancer, diabetes, heart disease, and more. Dishman’s case is still an anomaly. “I was ­triple lucky,” he says: lucky to have his DNA sequenced, lucky his doctors waded into the data, and lucky—most of all—that the information led to a cure. But Dishman hopes his million volunteers will help him discover more markers that lead to successful tailored treatments. And that would make the survival equation a little less luck and a lot more science. This article appears in our special November issue, guest-edited by President Barack Obama. Subscribe now. Grooming by Jessica Ariane / The Artist Agency Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. magazine-24.11 personal frontiers Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency Election 2016 Here’s How Facebook Actually Won Trump the Presidency 13 hours Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos Apps Google Just Made It Way Easier to Scan Your Old Photos 13 hours John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode TV John Oliver Sums Up Election 2016 in One Devastating Last Week Tonight Episode 1 day DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 9 hours OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips Artificial Intelligence OpenAI Joins Microsoft on the Cloud’s Next Big Front: Chips 17 hours The Web-Shaking Mirai Botnet Is Splintering—But Also Evolving Lily Hay Newman The Web-Shaking Mirai Botnet Is Splintering—But Also Evolving 19 hours The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed TV The Best Reince Priebus Anagram Jokes Stephen Colbert and Samantha Bee Missed 11 hours Dishonored 2 Is One of the Most Fascinating Game Worlds Ever Gaming Dishonored 2 Is One of the Most Fascinating Game Worlds Ever 19 hours More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Science Science Funding Scientists Prepare to Fight for Their Funding Under Trump 11 hours Math Can’t Imagine Shapes in 4 Dimensions? Just Print Them Out 18 hours physics The Physics of Nutballs Somersaulting in an Indoor Skydiving Tube 10.10.16 physics What Sonic Black Holes Say About the Real Deal 11.13.16 Photo Gallery Space Photos of the Week: Galaxies Givin’ You the Stink Eye 11.11.16 consumer tech DJI Debuts the New, Drool-Worthy Phantom 4 Pro Drone 9 hours We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours This stunning time-lapse captures a total solar eclipse in Norway: bit.ly/2eYcljC Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 3 hours This stunning time-lapse captures a total solar eclipse in Norway: bit.ly/2eYcljC Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Squeezing more out of chips to cut artificial intelligence cost Ali Farhadi holds a puny $5 computer, called a Raspberry Pi, comfortably in his palm and exults that his team of researchers has managed to squeeze into it a powerful program that can recognise thousands of objects. Dr. Farhadi, a computer scientist at the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence here, calls his advance "artificial intelligence at your fingertips." The experimental program could drastically lower the cost of artificial intelligence (AI) and improve privacy because you wouldn't need to share information over the internet. But the AI system is emblematic of something even more significant for the microelectronics industry as it inches closer to the physical limits of semiconductors made with silicon: It uses 1/32 of the memory and operates 58 times as fast as rival programs. There is a growing sense of urgency feeding this sort of research into alternative computing methods. For decades, computer designers have been able to count on cheaper and faster chips every two years. As transistors have shrunk in size, at regular intervals, computing has become both more powerful and cheaper at an accelerating rate - a concept known as Moore's Law. Two years ago, with manufacturing costs exploding and severe technical challenges growing, the cost of individual transistors stopped falling. That has ended - at least temporarily - the ability of computer makers to easily make new chips that are faster and cheaper. But if silicon has its limits, ingenuity may not. Better algorithms and new kinds of hardware circuits could help scientists continue to make computers that can do more and at a lower cost. "It's been a fun ride," said Thomas M Conte, an electrical engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology. "Today you're entering this patchwork world where you are going to find a better solution for a particular problem, and that's how we're going to advance in the future." This summer, for example, Intel acquired Nervana Systems, a small maker of specialised hardware designed to run AI programs more efficiently. Earlier this month, researchers at Argonne National Laboratory, Rice University and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign published research demonstrating how a programming technique for an Intel microprocessor chip uses significantly less power to accomplish the same work. The new approach is significant, according to supercomputer designers, because the high energy requirements of the fastest computers have become the most daunting challenge as scientists try to move from today's petaflop - a quadrillion computations per second - machines to exaflop computers, which could perform a quintillion computations per second. Such computers are considered necessary to solve fundamental scientific problems like predicting the risk of climate change to the future of humanity. Because of the slowdown in Moore's Law, the arrival of exascale computing has repeatedly been pushed back. Though it was originally expected in 2018, projections now set the next generation off as far as 2023. The Argonne paper notes that a future supercomputer capable of an exaflop will multiply energy costs by a factor of a thousand. To reduce those energy demands, the researchers demonstrated how they used a conventional Intel chip and turned off half of its circuitry devoted to what engineers call mathematical precision. Then they "reinvested" the savings to improve the quality of the computed result. "Mathematical precision is like a knob you can turn," said Krishna V Palem, a Rice University computer scientist. "The question is what you do with the saved energy." The researchers experimented with using the various modes of the microprocessor in a manner similar to a gearshift in a car, automatically shifting from higher to lower precision and back as needed to solve a problem. "There is a lot to be done by thinking more carefully on how you can save energy," said Marc Snir, a veteran supercomputer designer and University of Chicago computer scientist. The Argonne researchers are exploring ideas put forward by Dr. Palem, who in 2003 first proposed an idea he described as "inexact computing." He suggested trading off precision to make dramatic gains in computing efficiency. Originally, he explored the idea of inexactness as a way to make use of imperfect chips where portions of the transistors were not working because of manufacturing flaws. More recently, he has turned to using his ideas to gain significant energy savings from today's common processors. Dr. Palem said that the group was planning to extend the Argonne research to more efficiently run mathematical models that relate to climate change. ©2016 The New York Times News Service John Markoff Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 DBS to buy ANZ Bank's business Business Standard Squeezing more out of chips to cut artificial intelligence cost John Markoff  |  Seattle  November 1, 2016 Last Updated at 00:05 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIYLSP Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Artificial intelligence will reshape the business model: Vikram Shroff Sauvik Banerjjee: Artificial intelligence & human intervention Ajit Balakrishnan: Tech's next frontier - Artificial Intelligence Intel acquires artificial intelligence start-up run by Indian-origin entrepreneur Artificial intelligence to disrupt wealth management business: PwC Ali Farhadi holds a puny $5 computer, called a Raspberry Pi, comfortably in his palm and exults that his team of researchers has managed to squeeze into it a powerful program that can recognise thousands of objects. Dr. Farhadi, a computer scientist at the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence here, calls his advance "artificial intelligence at your fingertips." The experimental program could drastically lower the cost of artificial intelligence (AI) and improve privacy because you wouldn't need to share information over the internet. But the AI system is emblematic of something even more significant for the microelectronics industry as it inches closer to the physical limits of semiconductors made with silicon: It uses 1/32 of the memory and operates 58 times as fast as rival programs. There is a growing sense of urgency feeding this sort of research into alternative computing methods. For decades, computer designers have been able to count on cheaper and faster chips every two years. As transistors have shrunk in size, at regular intervals, computing has become both more powerful and cheaper at an accelerating rate - a concept known as Moore's Law. Two years ago, with manufacturing costs exploding and severe technical challenges growing, the cost of individual transistors stopped falling. That has ended - at least temporarily - the ability of computer makers to easily make new chips that are faster and cheaper. But if silicon has its limits, ingenuity may not. Better algorithms and new kinds of hardware circuits could help scientists continue to make computers that can do more and at a lower cost. "It's been a fun ride," said Thomas M Conte, an electrical engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology. "Today you're entering this patchwork world where you are going to find a better solution for a particular problem, and that's how we're going to advance in the future." This summer, for example, Intel acquired Nervana Systems, a small maker of specialised hardware designed to run AI programs more efficiently. Earlier this month, researchers at Argonne National Laboratory, Rice University and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign published research demonstrating how a programming technique for an Intel microprocessor chip uses significantly less power to accomplish the same work. The new approach is significant, according to supercomputer designers, because the high energy requirements of the fastest computers have become the most daunting challenge as scientists try to move from today's petaflop - a quadrillion computations per second - machines to exaflop computers, which could perform a quintillion computations per second. Such computers are considered necessary to solve fundamental scientific problems like predicting the risk of climate change to the future of humanity. Because of the slowdown in Moore's Law, the arrival of exascale computing has repeatedly been pushed back. Though it was originally expected in 2018, projections now set the next generation off as far as 2023. The Argonne paper notes that a future supercomputer capable of an exaflop will multiply energy costs by a factor of a thousand. To reduce those energy demands, the researchers demonstrated how they used a conventional Intel chip and turned off half of its circuitry devoted to what engineers call mathematical precision. Then they "reinvested" the savings to improve the quality of the computed result. "Mathematical precision is like a knob you can turn," said Krishna V Palem, a Rice University computer scientist. "The question is what you do with the saved energy." The researchers experimented with using the various modes of the microprocessor in a manner similar to a gearshift in a car, automatically shifting from higher to lower precision and back as needed to solve a problem. "There is a lot to be done by thinking more carefully on how you can save energy," said Marc Snir, a veteran supercomputer designer and University of Chicago computer scientist. The Argonne researchers are exploring ideas put forward by Dr. Palem, who in 2003 first proposed an idea he described as "inexact computing." He suggested trading off precision to make dramatic gains in computing efficiency. Originally, he explored the idea of inexactness as a way to make use of imperfect chips where portions of the transistors were not working because of manufacturing flaws. More recently, he has turned to using his ideas to gain significant energy savings from today's common processors. Dr. Palem said that the group was planning to extend the Argonne research to more efficiently run mathematical models that relate to climate change. ©2016 The New York Times News Service Read More On Ali Farhadi | Artificial Intelligence | Raspberry Pi | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 5 Investors, 50 Entrepreneurs, Instant funding Squeezing more out of chips to cut artificial intelligence cost Ali Farhadi holds a puny $5 computer, called a Raspberry Pi, comfortably in his palm and exults that his team of researchers has managed to squeeze into it a powerful program that can recognise thousands of objects.Dr. Farhadi, a computer scientist at the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence here, calls his advance "artificial intelligence at your fingertips." The experimental program could drastically lower the cost of artificial intelligence (AI) and improve privacy because you wouldn't need to share information over the internet. But the AI system is emblematic of something even more significant for the microelectronics industry as it inches closer to the physical limits of semiconductors made with silicon: It uses 1/32 of the memory and operates 58 times as fast as rival programs.There is a growing sense of urgency feeding this sort of research into alternative computing methods. For decades, computer designers have been able to count on cheaper and faster chips every two ye Ali Farhadi holds a puny $5 computer, called a Raspberry Pi, comfortably in his palm and exults that his team of researchers has managed to squeeze into it a powerful program that can recognise thousands of objects. Dr. Farhadi, a computer scientist at the Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence here, calls his advance "artificial intelligence at your fingertips." The experimental program could drastically lower the cost of artificial intelligence (AI) and improve privacy because you wouldn't need to share information over the internet. But the AI system is emblematic of something even more significant for the microelectronics industry as it inches closer to the physical limits of semiconductors made with silicon: It uses 1/32 of the memory and operates 58 times as fast as rival programs. There is a growing sense of urgency feeding this sort of research into alternative computing methods. For decades, computer designers have been able to count on cheaper and faster chips every two years. As transistors have shrunk in size, at regular intervals, computing has become both more powerful and cheaper at an accelerating rate - a concept known as Moore's Law. Two years ago, with manufacturing costs exploding and severe technical challenges growing, the cost of individual transistors stopped falling. That has ended - at least temporarily - the ability of computer makers to easily make new chips that are faster and cheaper. But if silicon has its limits, ingenuity may not. Better algorithms and new kinds of hardware circuits could help scientists continue to make computers that can do more and at a lower cost. "It's been a fun ride," said Thomas M Conte, an electrical engineer at the Georgia Institute of Technology. "Today you're entering this patchwork world where you are going to find a better solution for a particular problem, and that's how we're going to advance in the future." This summer, for example, Intel acquired Nervana Systems, a small maker of specialised hardware designed to run AI programs more efficiently. Earlier this month, researchers at Argonne National Laboratory, Rice University and the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign published research demonstrating how a programming technique for an Intel microprocessor chip uses significantly less power to accomplish the same work. The new approach is significant, according to supercomputer designers, because the high energy requirements of the fastest computers have become the most daunting challenge as scientists try to move from today's petaflop - a quadrillion computations per second - machines to exaflop computers, which could perform a quintillion computations per second. Such computers are considered necessary to solve fundamental scientific problems like predicting the risk of climate change to the future of humanity. Because of the slowdown in Moore's Law, the arrival of exascale computing has repeatedly been pushed back. Though it was originally expected in 2018, projections now set the next generation off as far as 2023. The Argonne paper notes that a future supercomputer capable of an exaflop will multiply energy costs by a factor of a thousand. To reduce those energy demands, the researchers demonstrated how they used a conventional Intel chip and turned off half of its circuitry devoted to what engineers call mathematical precision. Then they "reinvested" the savings to improve the quality of the computed result. "Mathematical precision is like a knob you can turn," said Krishna V Palem, a Rice University computer scientist. "The question is what you do with the saved energy." The researchers experimented with using the various modes of the microprocessor in a manner similar to a gearshift in a car, automatically shifting from higher to lower precision and back as needed to solve a problem. "There is a lot to be done by thinking more carefully on how you can save energy," said Marc Snir, a veteran supercomputer designer and University of Chicago computer scientist. The Argonne researchers are exploring ideas put forward by Dr. Palem, who in 2003 first proposed an idea he described as "inexact computing." He suggested trading off precision to make dramatic gains in computing efficiency. Originally, he explored the idea of inexactness as a way to make use of imperfect chips where portions of the transistors were not working because of manufacturing flaws. More recently, he has turned to using his ideas to gain significant energy savings from today's common processors. Dr. Palem said that the group was planning to extend the Argonne research to more efficiently run mathematical models that relate to climate change. ©2016 The New York Times News Service John Markoff Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
News Feature articles Blog posts Podcasts Shortbread Forums Intel reveals Kaby Lake desktop CPU and chipset lineups by Wayne Manion  12:06 PM on October 31, 2016 The specs for the desktop versions of Intel's "Kaby Lake" CPUs have leaked onto the internet, thanks to an Intel-provided PDF intended for manufacturing partners. In addition to that, a separate informational release confirms existing speculation that Intel has new chipsets on the way. Kaby Lake will work on many existing 100-series motherboards, but Intel will have 200-series chipsets ready for those who can't bear to mix a new CPU with an old motherboard. The leaked info provides limited data about desktop Kaby Lake Core i5, Core i7, and Xeon E3 chips. Core i3 SKUs are conspicuously absent, though. The leaked document contains base clock speeds, but Turbo Boost clocks, core counts, TDPs, and thread counts are not specified. The top-of-the-line Core i7-7700K will have a base clock of 4.2GHz, presumably with an unlocked multiplier and an arrangement of four cores and eight threads. The top Core i5, the i5-7600K, also likely unlocked, will probably have the same concert of four cores and four threads as previous high-end desktop i5 chips. A second leaked document names five new 200-series chipset SKUs, but provides no information about them save for revised handling procedures for a new type of packaging. The five desktop-oriented chipsets appear to be the B250, Q250, Q270, H270, and Z270. Intel also mentions two mysterious chipset names, C422 and X299. The C422 appears to be a workstation or server chipset for use with the Xeon E3-1205 v6. Meanwhile, the X299 moniker suggests an upcoming high-end chipset for desktop systems, likely to replace the X99. Tags: CPUs Register | Remember me View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... View full site Copyright ©1999-2016 The Tech Report. All rights reserved.
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter ATP Introduces Industry's First DDR3L-1866 ECC SODIMM ATP Electronics Inc. - Leave a Comment ATP announces its industry's first DDR3L ECC SODIMM technology capable of operating at 1866MHz and Well-Suited for Intel Apollo Lake based IoT and embedded platforms. ]ATP Introduces Industry\'s First DDR3L-1866 ECC SODIMM Taipei, Taiwan (October, 2016) –ATP, the leading manufacturer of high performance DRAM and flash memory solutions, has announced the industry’s first DDR3L ECC SODIMM technology capable of operating at 1866MHz. The ATP DDR3L-1866 modules are available with capacities of 4GB and 8GB and address the need for low voltage (1.35V) DDR3 memory running at 1866MHz (instead of 1600 MHz). As a result they can maximize system performance when used in conjunction with Intel Apollo Lake processors. The new ECC SODIMM is available in both commercial temperature (CT 0°C to 85°C) and industrial temperature grade (IT -40°C to 95°C) options, providing the flexibility to meet the operating conditions of a wide variety of IoT (internet of things) systems. The industrial temperature range durability feature is especially beneficial in harsh environments and embedded applications such as industrial IoT and automation devices, telecommunication systems, healthcare technology and outdoor data collection systems. Intel Apollo Lake-based IoT and embedded systems are architected for operation with DDR3L memory running at 1866MHz and using ECC and non-ECC SODIMMs at full speed to achieve the best system performance. Until now, however, the general market has only provided DDR3L ECC SODIMMs capable of operating at 1600MHz. ATP is able to tune its ECC SODIMM technology to support operation at 1866MHz. The modules are designed, tuned, fully tested and validated without any system degradation or side effects. “The successful implementation and validation of the DDR3L ECC-SODIMM at 1866MHz demonstrates ATP’s leading technical know-how, and its creativity to bring a solution to maximize the throughput of the Intel IoT platforms,” said Jerry Wang, ATP DRAM Product Manager. “ATP looks forward to any opportunity to work with our current and future OEM/ODM and IPC partners on their IoT and industrial/embedded projects.” Further information on ATP products is available from local ATP sales representatives or by email to Info@atpinc.com or visit www.atpinc.com . About ATP Founded in 1991, ATP is a leading manufacturer of high performance and durable flash memory solutions as well as DRAM memory module products. With strictly regulated ISO 9001 certified facilities and advanced technologies in memory packaging, testing and qualification, ATP offers a broad range of the highest quality DRAM memory products for mission critical applications such as server blade, workstation, network communication, and embedded systems. ATP flash media products offer protection from water/moisture, dust, static discharge, and extreme temperatures. For more information on ATP memory products, visit www.atpinc.com or email Info@atpinc.com. ATP and the ATP logo are registered trademarks of ATP Electronics, Inc. All other brand or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. ### Topics covered in this article ATP Electronics industrial Memory Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit an Article Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 11 Nov 2016 18:49:55 +0000
Free Subscription See the Current Issue Archived Issues Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search Submit News and Products Automotive Industrial Industrial Hardware Industrial Software Industrial Networking Sensors and Control Human Interface Test & Measurement Smart Energy IoT Development Kit Selector Hardware Boards Sensors Systems Development Kit Selector Dev Tools and OS RTOS Virtualization Processing DSP IP Microcontroller Programmable Logic SoC …More Networking Cloud Storage Security DIY Development Kit Selector Medical Military PLUS: Embedded TechCon Ray Zinn: Lessons from a Leader List of Authors RSS Reference Designs Dev Kit Selector Newsletters Embedded Daily IoT Design Weekly Embedded Europe E-newsletter Automotive Embedded Systems Monthly E-Letter Webcasts E-Letter Portwell Releases COM Express Compact Module that Boosts Existing System Performance with Intel Atom Processor E3900 Series American Portwell Technology, Inc. - Leave a Comment Portwell's PCOM-B641VG, a Type 6 COM Express Compact (95mm x 95mm) module based on the 14nm Intel Atom processor E3900 product family (6W~12W), offers many valuable features, including a wide range of optional I/O flexibility like Gen2 PCI Express, and accelerated DRM (Digital Rights Management) for encoding and decoding, and is rated to function at less than 50 DPM (defects per million). The Portwell PCOM-B641VG is also designed to support a wide -40ºC to 85ºC industrial temperature range. Portwell’s PCOM-B641VG: A Type 6 COM Express Compact module featuring Intel Atom processor E3900 product family (codenamed Apollo Lake) FREMONT, CA. – October 25, 2016 -- American Portwell Technology, Inc., (www.portwell.com), a wholly owned subsidiary of Portwell, Inc., a world-leading innovator in the Industrial PC (IPC) market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things (IoT) Solutions Alliance, today announces Portwell’s release of the PCOM-B641VG, a Type 6 COM Express Compact (95mm x 95mm) module based on the 14nm Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 product family (6W~12W). The PCOM-B641VG COM Express module offers many valuable features, including a wide range of optional I/O flexibility like Gen2 PCI Express with mature eco-system, enabler for greater media competence like accelerated DRM (Digital Rights Management) for encoding and decoding. The module is also rated to function at less than 50 DPM (defects per million). Portwell’s PCOM-B641VG is designed to help customers who are currently using COM Express module products upgrade their systems without having to change existing carrier boards and operating systems. This helps boost system performance with prolonged service life for another 7 years, maximizing our customers’ return on investment. The compact PCOM-B641VG COM Express module supports up to 32GB DDR3L 1600/1866 MT/s SDRAM on two 204-pin SODIMM sockets, making it faster than its predecessor. Its expansion interface supports four (max.) PCI Express x1 Gen2 (5.0GT/s) for enhanced video performance and offers the flexibility to be configured to two x2 lanes or one x4 lane. In addition, it supports one high-resolution display, DP (DisplayPort) or HDMI selectable to double 3D performance compared to its previous generation. Efficient and Effective Energy Management Enabled by COM Technology When designing the PCOM-B641VG, we applied the successful modular computing concept of our COM Express form factor and came up with an even more compact, efficient and economical combination. The ultra-low power Intel® Atom™ processor E3900 family is housed on the PCOM-B641VG module board. And in this way, we are able to maximize Computer-On-Module (COM) technology to produce a unit that not only outputs under 6W~12W for fan-less applications, but also supports a wide -40°C to 85°C industrial temperature range. With two SODIMM sockets support, the PCOM-B641VG provides a more powerful solution for our customers aiming at IoT and Industry 4.0. On the other hand, it conserves scarce energy resources, minimizes carbon impact and keeps its energy budgets under control. We believe our customers should have the choice of using products that help them achieve smarter energy management. By making energy management more individualized, we believe it will lead to positive changes in user behavior and save staggering amount of energy and associated costs. Design and Customization Services for Broad Applications The PCOM-B641VG COM Express module has been enhanced by Portwell in response to market demand for an even lower power platform to take advantage of the Intel® Atom™ processor’s compact design. In fact, since its initial inception, Portwell’s expanding Intel Atom processor-based COM Express product portfolio has now grown to include industrial temperature range support. Portwell’s versatile COM Express modules adapt to these changes by enabling designers to partition commodity host-processors from proprietary baseboards, thereby minimizing current and future design risks during the initial phase of development. This design of separating the CPU-upgradable module from system specific I/O carrier boards further safeguards development investments and lowers total cost of ownership. In addition, Portwell can also provide services to clients on the carrier board design and development, review schematics and BIOS customization. At Portwell, we strive to create superior products for our customers. # # # Product details: www.portwell.com/products/detail.php?CUSTCHAR1=[...] Product availability: In addition to American Portwell Technology, Inc., the Portwell PCOM-B641VG Type 6 COM Express Compact module is also available through Arrow Electronics, Inc. and Avnet, Inc. # # # About American Portwell Technology American Portwell Technology, Inc., is a world-leading innovator in the embedded computing market and an Associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance. American Portwell Technology designs, manufactures and markets a complete range of PICMG computer boards, embedded computer boards and systems, rackmount systems and network communication appliances for both OEMs and ODMs. American Portwell is an ISO 9001, ISO 13485, ISO 14001 and TL 9000 certified company. The company is located in Fremont, California. For more information about American Portwell’s extensive turnkey solutions and private-label branding service, call 1-877-APT-8899, email info@portwell.com or visit us at www.portwell.com. Intel and Atom are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other products and company names referred to herein may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or mark holders. # # # Media Contact: Susan Wei American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3354 susanw@portwell.com Product Contact: Richard Chang American Portwell Technology, Inc. 510-403-3332 richardc@portwell.com Topics covered in this article American Portwell Technology Internet of Things com express picmg IoT Advertisement Embedded Computing Design Articles White Papers Products News Blogs 5-Minute Interviews Part Search © MMXVI Embedded Computing Design An OpenSystems Media publication. Home Archived Issues About Advertise Submit News and Products Privacy Policy Contact Last updated: Fri, 28 Oct 2016 17:27:01 +0000
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Enterprise Apps   /   AI Chip Startup Graphcore Gets $30 Million From Samsung, Others       AI Chip Startup Graphcore Gets $30 Million From Samsung, Others     By Jeffrey Burt  |  Posted 2016-10-31 Print               The UK company wants to take on leaders Intel and Nvidia in developing processors for machine learning and artificial intelligence applications. A startup that is designing a processor aimed specifically at machine learning and artificial intelligence applications is getting a $30 million boost from a range of investors, including Samsung. Graphcore, which has been working for the past two years in Bristol, England, laying the groundwork for its upcoming intelligent processing unit (IPU), came out of stealth mode Oct. 31 and announced the $30 million in Series A funding, which included not only investments from the Samsung Catalyst Fund but other venture capital firms like Robert Bosch Venture Capital, Amadeus Capital Partners and C4 Ventures. Company officials said the goal is to create processors that will speed up machine learning by 10 to 100 times over systems running on current processors from the likes of Intel and graphics engines from Nvidia and others. At the same time, Graphcore officials want to make artificial intelligence (AI) more accessible to a wide range of businesses, developers and devices. "Graphcore's mission is to make machine learning faster, easier and more intelligent," Graphcore co-founder and CEO Nigel Toon wrote in a post on the company blog. "Our technology will reduce the cost of accelerating AI applications in the cloud; the same technology will bring AI to low power consumer devices. It will enable recent deep learning applications to evolve more rapidly towards useful, general artificial intelligence. While innovation at the algorithmic level in machine learning has been unprecedented, the same cannot be said about processors." GPUs are getting a lot of attention in the deep learning space because they are the only parallel-processing chips on the market, Toon wrote. Microsoft is investigating field-programmable gate arrays (FPGAs)—chips that can be reprogrammed—but they are expensive and difficult to program, the CEO said. "These are stopgaps not long term solutions," Toon wrote. "Machine intelligence has a very different compute workload from anything that has come before and needs a new approach." Graphcore engineers are looking to build highly parallel processors that come with software tools and libraries that are faster, more flexible and easier to use than current offerings, he wrote. Graphcore officials expect to bring the first IPUs to market in 2017, powering what they are calling the IPU-Appliance that is designed to speed up AI applications in the cloud and in enterprise data centers while driving down the overall cost. The system will accelerate the training and inference tasks in machine learning operations by as much as 100 times, they said. The company is targeting such jobs as natural language capabilities, self-driving vehicles, personalized health care, intelligent mobile devices and robotics. AI refers to systems that can collect input (such as voice commands or images from the environments around them), process the data instantly and then react accordingly. It can be seen in such technologies as Siri on Apple iPhones and movie recommendation programs on Netflix, and will play an increasingly important role in other spaces, such as autonomous cars. Marc Hamilton, vice president of solutions architecture and engineering at Nvidia, told eWEEK in September that "AI is everywhere. We believe it's the most important computing technology in the industry right now." Page 1 of 2 1 2 Next »           LATEST ENTERPRISE APPS ARTICLES   Ex-Autonomy CFO Is Indicted For Fraud GE Unveils a Ton of new Predix Products for Industrial IoT Windows 10 Sticky Notes Grow More Insightful in More Languages Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters IBM Launches Project Intu for Embodied Cognition                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows IBM Aims Watson at Embodied Cognition Microsoft Advances 'Any Developer, Any App, Any Platform' Strategy Google Will Tag Frequent Violators of Its Site Safety Standards Intel Lights Up the Sky With New Shooting Star Drone Old School Polling Methods Hid Trump's Popularity With Voters 10 Reasons Not to Buy the Apple MacBo... Apple is scheduled to release the MacBook Pro with Touch Bar mid-No... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: SpyShelter Firewall      30% OFF! Sager Rolls Out All Drivers for Its NP8173 Notebook Model - Download Now The available files are suitable for Windows 10 64-bit Oct 31, 2016 14:33 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  Sager has made available all drivers required by its NP8173 notebook model to provide maximum performance and usability; considering this, we have gathered them all in a single list so that owners can easily set up their devices. When it comes to compatible operating systems, the device mentioned above, as well as its drivers, is targeted at Microsoft’s Windows 10 operating system. However, take into account that the files provided by Sager are only supported under the 64-bit architecture. As for the downloadable packages, the NP8173 unit benefits from Chipset, RST and RST Preinstall (Rapid Storage), and ME (Management Engine) drivers developed by Intel, while Realtek makes sure the card reader component and Ethernet port deliver a great user experience. Moreover, Realtek, along with Creative, also ensures the well-functioning of the Audio sound card, Touchpad functionalities are enabled by Synaptics’ drivers, and the Wireless Display technology is taken care of by Intel’s appropriate files. Last but not least, NP8173 owners can download and install Wireless and Bluetooth combo packages (provided by Intel and Atheros), as well as two Graphics drivers developed for the embedded and dedicated video chipset (from Intel and NVIDIA, respectively). With this in mind, if you own (or intend to buy) this device, download Sager NP8173 Drivers, apply them one by one, and don’t forget to perform a system reboot upon completion to allow all changes to take effect properly.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (9 Images) #NP8173#Sager#Notebook#Drivers reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Sager NP8173 Notebook (9 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 06 07 08 09 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download Drivers for MSI’s GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Notebook ASUS Routers Get New Firmware - Download AsusWrt-Merlin 380.63 Beta 2 [UPDATED] Download All Drivers for Sager’s NP8151 Notebook Model Download Drivers for Sager’s Powerful NP9872 Notebook Model Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 9 photos    Sager NP8173 Notebook New Apps Battery Life Maximizer: Extend your laptop's battery life by identifying problems, such as power hungry processes and badly configured components, with this useful tool Exact Duplicate Finder: Find and delete duplicate files to free up space on the disk, filter files by type, send clones to the trash can or move them somewhere else Fotosizer Standard Edition: User-friendly and handy piece of software designed to help you resize photos to a custom size, apply several effects and convert them to a different file format using batch processing tasks Intel Remote Keyboard Host App: Seamless manage your Intel NUC or Intel Compute Stick from your mobile device over WiFi using this straightforward and intuitive tool AVS Document Converter: Perform conversion operations between DOC, PDF, DOCX, TXT, RTF, HTML, GIF, PNG, EPUB, or other file format in a batch mode using this handy app Power-user: Take advantage of an extensive collection of templates, maps, diagrams, charts and illustrations, as well as a number of useful tools, by installing this handy PowerPoint add-in AIO Boot: Create a bootable USB drive or HDD with Grub2 or Clover, and integrate multiple support packages, with this minimalistic utility Reader comments AsusWrt-Merlin Provides New Firmware for ASUS Routers - Version 380.63.2 more on: AsusWrt-Merlin i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
Mittwoch, 16. November | 08:41 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: UNTERNEHMENSNEWS 13:10 | 31.10.2016 Business Wire News: BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Big Funding to Help Scale Medical Marijuana Delivery and a Wearable Designed for New Parents 31.10.2016 / 13:10 MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. @BizWireTV Featuring Eaze, Intel Capital and Project Nursery NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)--31.10.2016-- On the latest BizWireTV Accelerator Report, Eaze sees $13M in funding, bringing their total to $25M, to scale their medical marijuana delivery technology. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http:/ /www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005106/en/ Now you can watch BizWireTV on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Also featured in the episode is this week's startup standout, Project Nursery, unveiling the Parent + Baby SmartBand, the first-ever wearable device designed exclusively for new parents. Now available on BizWireTV's new home on Tempo, the show serves as a preview of upcoming IPOs, scheduled earnings announcements, recent funding announcements and trends to watch in the upcoming week. This week's episode features: With $25M in total funding, Eaze looks to scale medical marijuana delivery tech On the VC Watch: Intel Capital announces $38M of new investments in 12 tech startups (NASDAQ:INTC) This week's startup standout: Project Nursery unveils the Parent + Baby SmartBand, wearable designed for parents (NASDAQ:VOXX) BizWireTV and BizWireTV Accelerator Report are hosted by Erin Ade. Tune in to watch Erin's reports for BizWireTV each Sunday and Friday on BizWireTV's new home on Tempo. The weekly schedule for BizWireTV episodes: BizWireTV: Friday at 6:00 am ET BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Sunday at 3:00 pm ET Click here to share this week's BizWireTV's Accelerator Report on Twitter: http://ctt.ec/8iY_6 About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. [CT] View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/ 20161031005106/en/ Kontakt: Business Wire Scott Fedonchik, +1-212-752-9600 Ende der Pressemitteilung Emittent/Herausgeber: Business Wire Pressemitteilung via mecom Mediensatellit Schlagwort(e): Sonderthemen 31.10.2016 Veröffentlichung einer Pressemitteilung, übermittelt durch DGAP - ein Service der EQS Group AG. Für den Inhalt der Mitteilung ist der Emittent / Herausgeber verantwortlich. Die DGAP Distributionsservices umfassen gesetzliche Meldepflichten, Corporate News/Finanznachrichten und Pressemitteilungen. Medienarchiv unter http://www.dgap.de 515987  31.10.2016  Empfehlen Drucken Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 08:28 Uhr | 16.11.2016 NRW will Darknet-Händler ... 08:22 Uhr | 16.11.2016 Aktien Frankfurt Ausblick: Leichte ... 08:03 Uhr | 16.11.2016 Devisen: Euro steigt leicht - ... 07:38 Uhr | 16.11.2016 Bayer muss bei ... 07:37 Uhr | 16.11.2016 dpa-AFX Börsentag auf einen ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2016 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
  Foreign Affairs Defense Affairs Provincial News N. Korea Embassy Foreign Community Education Issue Today Airlines Video Obituary Country Report Multicultural Youth Award Korean Medical Pioneers Unsung Heroes Business Finance Stock Industry Meet The CEO Automotive Economic Essay Contest Rediscovering Korean History Briefs Mobile Science Game Life Arts & Museums Hallyu Fashion Book Entertainment Korean Masters Traditional Movie Music Performance Religion Weekender Around Town Translation Award Graphic News Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2016 Rio Olympics Briefs Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Country Report Today's Topic PodCast Wed, November 16, 2016 | 16:41    Forgot password?|Register| Subscription 구독신청 | PDF |Site map        ENGLISH   l   KOREAN   /            Technology> Briefs> Posted : 2016-10-31 17:01 Updated : 2016-10-31 19:24   SKT, Intel join hands over self-driving tech SK Telecom CTO Choi Jin-sung, left, holds an agreement with Intel Korea President Kwon Myung-sook at the former's headquarters in central Seoul, Monday, for co-developing core technologies for autonomous vehicles. Both firms agreed to share their expertise in fifth-generation (5G) network systems and deep learning. / Courtesy of SK Telecom By Lee Min-hyung SK Telecom signed a deal with Intel, Monday, to develop fifth-generation (5G) network-based technologies for self-driving vehicles. Under the partnership the companies will co-develop vehicle-to-everything (V2X) technologies by combining their expertise in networks and deep learning. They agreed to showcase the 5G-connected technologies by placing them in vehicles next year. The nation's top mobile carrier plans to offer its big data-based image recognition technologies and vehicle network systems to Intel. The U.S.-based technology titan will also share its expertise in deep learning platforms and supply modules used for 5G networks. "The collaboration will become a technological building block in developing more services ahead of the introduction of autonomous vehicles," Choi Jin-sung, chief technology officer at SK Telecom, said in a statement. "Our long-term goal is to lead the industry by establishing an ecosystem to offer more value to our customers," he added. Intel Vice President Aicha Evans also said the company expects the partnership to set an example to create more innovative services in the autonomous vehicles industry. The company executive also pledged to spare no efforts in offering the firm's technological expertise from creating mobile devices to IT infrastructure systems with its wide range of 5G-related products. mhlee@ktimes.com 1. 160,000 Koreans in US illegally to face deportation under Trump presidency 2. Koreans also target of racist incidents after Trump victory 3. N. Koreans want Kim Jong-un's uncle to take over 4. Peace is a new norm at protest 5. Park has no way out but to give up power 6. Overseas Koreans join protests against Park Geun-hye 7. 3.5-magnitude earthquake jolts southern city of Boryeong 8. President faces questioning this week 9. President faces questioning this week 10. Train operator's pep talk to protesters | A police officer photographs protesters near the No.1 national treas... The Korea Duck Association and the Hankook Ilbo, a sister paper of T... John McEnroe Jr., the former world’s No. 1 tennis player, answ... Merck Korea Managing Director Michael Grund, right, and Incheon Free... First place finisher Shim Suk-hee of Korea races during the wom... Amway Korea CEO Park Se-joon, left, poses with Oh Chang-hee, chairma... An employee of Samsung C&T Corp. right, builds a brick wall alon... Cincinnati Bengals Dre Kirkpatrick, left, tackles New York Giants Ra... An LG Electronics employee promotes the company’s organic ligh... Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEPCO) employees pose after partic... About Times | Times History | Privacy Statement (개인정보 취급방침) | Contents Distribution | Media Kit | Contact Us | Location | Ombudsman | NIETimes      
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Drivers Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > Drivers > Blog FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Download Drivers for MSI’s GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Notebook The files are compatible with the Windows 10 64-bit platform Oct 31, 2016 11:34 GMT  ·  By Iulian Pascal  ·  Share:  MSI has rolled out all the drivers for its GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI notebook model compatible with the 64-bit version of Microsoft’s Windows 10 operating system, which should provide improved performance and usability. When it comes to the producers that have developed these files, Intel takes care of the chipset packages for the Management Engine (ME), Chipset, RST and RST Preinstall (Rapid Storage Technology), and Thunderbolt. In addition to that, Realtek ensures the well-functioning of the Card Reader and HD audio components, while Synaptics enables the notebook’s touchpad and implements several touch-related features. Last but not least, Rivet Networks ensures the Ethernet, Wireless LAN, and Bluetooth connections through the related drivers, while NVIDIA, along with Intel, fully enables the notebook's graphics chipsets (dedicated and embedded, respectively). As far as installation goes, to properly apply these drivers, just save and extract the files, run the available setups one at a time, and follow all instructions displayed on-screen for a complete upgrade. However, bear in mind that installing the drivers on other operating systems might result in malfunctions. Also, once finished, make sure to manually perform a system reboot (if not requested automatically) to ensure that all changes take effect. That said, if you own this device, download MSI GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Drivers, apply them to the unit, don’t forget to perform a reboot, and constantly check our website to stay up to speed with the latest releases.   CHECK OUT THE GALLERY  (5 Images) #GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI#MSI#Notebook#Drivers reddit it! flip it share it tweet it MSI GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Notebook (5 Images) 01 02 03 04 05 Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Download Drivers for MSI’s X99A Gaming Pro Carbon Motherboard MSI’s GT72S 6QD Dominator G Tobii Notebook Receives Drivers for Windows 10 Download Drivers for MSI GT72VR 6RD Dominator Tobii Notebook Download Drivers for GT73VR TITAN and TITAN SLI Notebooks Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall NVIDIA Makes Available GeForce Graphics Driver 375.86 - Get It Now Panasonic Rolls Out Firmware 2.6 for its DMC-GH4 Camera - Download Now ASRock Rolls Out New BIOS Update for Some of Its Motherboards Nikon Updates Firmware for Its COOLPIX A300 Camera - Get Version 1.2 5 photos    MSI GT73VR 6RE Titan SLI Notebook New Apps Battery Life Maximizer: Extend your laptop's battery life by identifying problems, such as power hungry processes and badly configured components, with this useful tool Exact Duplicate Finder: Find and delete duplicate files to free up space on the disk, filter files by type, send clones to the trash can or move them somewhere else Fotosizer Standard Edition: User-friendly and handy piece of software designed to help you resize photos to a custom size, apply several effects and convert them to a different file format using batch processing tasks Intel Remote Keyboard Host App: Seamless manage your Intel NUC or Intel Compute Stick from your mobile device over WiFi using this straightforward and intuitive tool AVS Document Converter: Perform conversion operations between DOC, PDF, DOCX, TXT, RTF, HTML, GIF, PNG, EPUB, or other file format in a batch mode using this handy app Power-user: Take advantage of an extensive collection of templates, maps, diagrams, charts and illustrations, as well as a number of useful tools, by installing this handy PowerPoint add-in AIO Boot: Create a bootable USB drive or HDD with Grub2 or Clover, and integrate multiple support packages, with this minimalistic utility Reader comments AsusWrt-Merlin Provides New Firmware for ASUS Routers - Version 380.63.2 more on: AsusWrt-Merlin i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy feedback      
DAX ®10.735,14+0,39%TecDAX ®1.698,99+0,63%Dow Jones18.923,06+0,29%NASDAQ 1004.764,47+1,33% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich NEU finanztreff.de Blog Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe NEU Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt BUSINESS WIRE: BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Big Funding to Help Scale Medical Marijuana Delivery and a Wearable Designed for New Parents 31.10.2016 - 13:08 | Quelle: Business_Wire MITTEILUNG UEBERMITTELT VON BUSINESS WIRE. FUER DEN INHALT IST ALLEIN DAS BERICHTENDE UNTERNEHMEN VERANTWORTLICH. @BizWireTV Featuring Eaze, Intel Capital and Project Nursery NEW YORK --(BUSINESS WIRE)-- 31.10.2016 -- On the latest BizWireTV Accelerator Report, Eaze sees $13M in funding, bringing their total to $25M, to scale their medical marijuana delivery technology. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005106/en/ Now you can watch BizWireTV on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Also featured in the episode is this week’s startup standout, Project Nursery, unveiling the Parent + Baby SmartBand, the first-ever wearable device designed exclusively for new parents. Now available on BizWireTV’s new home on Tempo, the show serves as a preview of upcoming IPOs, scheduled earnings announcements, recent funding announcements and trends to watch in the upcoming week. This week’s episode features: With $25M in total funding, Eaze looks to scale medical marijuana delivery tech On the VC Watch: Intel Capital announces $38M of new investments in 12 tech startups (NASDAQ:INTC) This week’s startup standout: Project Nursery unveils the Parent + Baby SmartBand, wearable designed for parents (NASDAQ:VOXX) BizWireTV and BizWireTV Accelerator Report are hosted by Erin Ade. Tune in to watch Erin's reports for BizWireTV each Sunday and Friday on BizWireTV’s new home on Tempo. The weekly schedule for BizWireTV episodes: BizWireTV: Friday at 6:00 am ET BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Sunday at 3:00 pm ET Click here to share this week’s BizWireTV’s Accelerator Report on Twitter: http://ctt.ec/8iY_6 About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005106/en/ Business Wire Scott Fedonchik, +1-212-752-9600 Meistgelesen Datum Meldung 15.11. Dax baut Vortagesplus etwas aus 15.11. Konjunkturlok drosselt Tempo: Deutsches Wachstum halbiert 15.11. Commerzbank Aktie bricht wie erwartet aus – Jetzt noch kaufen? 15.11. PRESSESPIEGEL/Zinsen, Konjunktur, Kapitalmärkte, Branchen 15.11. Dax: Bullen wagen neuen Anlauf weitere oft gelesene Nachrichten Werbung Weitere News von Business_Wire Datum Meldung 04:10 BUSINESS WIRE: Viacom übernimmt Televisión Federal S.A. (Telefe) in Argentinien von Telefónica S.A. zum Preis von 345 Mio. USD 00:48 BUSINESS WIRE: Globales Register von Gore für endovaskuläre Aortenbehandlungen schließt Patientenregistrierung ab 15.11. BUSINESS WIRE: Viacom acquisisce Televisión Federal S.A. (Telefe) in Argentina da Telefónica S.A. per 345 milioni di dollari USA 15.11. BUSINESS WIRE: Das Expertenpanel Global ROSacea COnsensus (ROSCO) fordert neuen Ansatz für Diagnose und Behandlung der Rosazea, um Ergebnisse für Patienten zu verbessern 15.11. BUSINESS WIRE: Il gruppo di esperti Global ROSacea COnsensus (ROSCO) propone un nuovo approccio alla diagnosi e al trattamento della rosacea per migliorare i risultati per i pazienti Topthemen Datum Meldung 07:19 Snapchat angeblich schon auf dem Weg an die Börse 15.11. Dax baut Vortagesplus etwas aus 15.11. Rewe und Edeka einigen sich über Filialaufteilung in Berlin 15.11. Pläne für Schnellladenetz an Autobahnen werden konkreter 15.11. Konjunkturlok drosselt Tempo: Deutsches Wachstum halbiert weitere Topthemen Werbung Presseschau Datum Meldung 08:04 boerse.ARD.de Neuer Zahltag für Wirecard 07:46 Rohstoffe: Ölpreise fallen wegen hoher Lagerbestände 07:20 boerse.ARD.de Dax: Es liegt etwas in der Luft 15.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax bleibt auf Richtungssuche 15.11. boerse.ARD.de Dax: Gefangen im Seitwärtskanal zur Presseschau Länderüberblick zu Länder & Regionen Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld |Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2016 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Warren Buffet bricht eigene Regel und steigt groß ins Luftfahrtgeschäft ein, mit 1,3 Mrd. USD in 4 US-Fluggesellschaften. Folgen Sie Investmentlegenden wie Warren Buffett mit Ihren eigenen Investments? Ja, die hatten schon immer einen guten Riecher Nein, ich bilde mir selber die Meinung über ein Investment Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Ihr kostenfreies Plus an Börsenwissen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart bietet seinen Mitgliedern sechs Mal im Jahr ein informatives Anlegermagazin, welches über aussichtsreiche Anlage- und Tradingmöglichkeiten berichtet. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Big Funding to Help Scale Medical Marijuana Delivery and a Wearable Designed for New Parents 31.10.2016 | 13:09 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Big Funding to Help Scale Medical Marijuana Delivery and a Wearable Designed for New Parents @BizWireTV Featuring Eaze, Intel Capital and Project Nursery On the latest BizWireTV Accelerator Report, Eaze sees $13M in funding, bringing their total to $25M, to scale their medical marijuana delivery technology. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005106/en/ Now you can watch BizWireTV on any screen you want by downloading the new app through the Apple TV and iPhone App Store and Google Play for Android devices. Also featured in the episode is this week's startup standout, Project Nursery, unveiling the Parent Baby SmartBand, the first-ever wearable device designed exclusively for new parents. Now available on BizWireTV's new home on Tempo, the show serves as a preview of upcoming IPOs, scheduled earnings announcements, recent funding announcements and trends to watch in the upcoming week. This week's episode features: With $25M in total funding, Eaze looks to scale medical marijuana delivery tech On the VC Watch: Intel Capital announces $38M of new investments in 12 tech startups (NASDAQ:INTC) This week's startup standout: Project Nursery unveils the Parent Baby SmartBand, wearable designed for parents (NASDAQ:VOXX) BizWireTV and BizWireTV Accelerator Report are hosted by Erin Ade. Tune in to watch Erin's reports for BizWireTV each Sunday and Friday on BizWireTV's new home on Tempo. The weekly schedule for BizWireTV episodes: BizWireTV: Friday at 6:00 am ET BizWireTV Accelerator Report: Sunday at 3:00 pm ET Click here to share this week's BizWireTV's Accelerator Report on Twitter: http://ctt.ec/8iY_6 About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.comand Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005106/en/ Contacts: Business Wire Scott Fedonchik, +1-212-752-9600 © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

null
12,590,689 members (67,536 online) Sign in Email Password   Forgot your password? Sign in using Search within: Articles Quick Answers Messages home articles Chapters and Sections> Search Latest Articles Latest Tips/Tricks Top Articles Beginner Articles Technical Blogs Posting/Update Guidelines Article Help Forum Article Competition Submit an article or tip Post your Blog quick answersQ&A Ask a Question about this article Ask a Question View Unanswered Questions View All Questions... Linux questions C# questions ASP.NET questions fabric questions SQL questions discussionsforums All Message Boards... Application Lifecycle> Running a Business Sales / Marketing Collaboration / Beta Testing Work Issues Design and Architecture ASP.NET JavaScript C / C++ / MFC> ATL / WTL / STL Managed C++/CLI C# Free Tools Objective-C and Swift Database Hardware & Devices> System Admin Hosting and Servers Java .NET Framework Android iOS Mobile SharePoint Silverlight / WPF Visual Basic Web Development Site Bugs / Suggestions Spam and Abuse Watch features Competitions News The Insider Newsletter The Daily Build Newsletter Newsletter archive Surveys Product Showcase Research Library CodeProject Stuff communitylounge Who's Who Most Valuable Professionals The Lounge   The Insider News The Weird & The Wonderful The Soapbox Press Releases Non-English Language > General Indian Topics General Chinese Topics help What is 'CodeProject'? General FAQ Ask a Question Bugs and Suggestions Article Help Forum Site Map Advertise with us About our Advertising Employment Opportunities About Us Articles » Languages » C / C++ Language » General   Article Alternatives Comments (12) Add your own alternative version Tagged as C++/CLIC#VC10.0C++.NET.NET2.0MFCGDI+VS2008Dev Stats 40K views 1.1K downloads 91 bookmarked Posted 30 Oct 2016 Fast SIMD Prototyping Shao Voon Wong, 30 Oct 2016 Ms-PL    4.97 (47 votes) 1 2 3 4 5 4.97/5 - 47 votes 1 removed μ 4.86, σa 1.19 [?] Rate this: Please Sign up or sign in to vote. Prototype SIMD vectorized code effortlessly. Download source code - 692 KB Introduction Introduction Simple Example Drawing a Circle Circle Cover Effect Hexagon Cover Effect History Reference Introduction Many a times, when we convert the computation code to SIMD using intrinsic, the SIMD code take more time and effort to write and it is unreadable and harder to maintain, compared to the scalar code. We do have to maintain a version of scalar code so that the application can fallback on when executed on a system without the SIMD support. More often than not, we discovered, to our dismay, the vectorized code is lower in performance. It is one thing to use well-optimized SIMD library and another to hand-code our own library using SIMD. In this article, we will introduce some SIMD vector class and their overloaded operators (+,-,*,/) that shipped with Visual C++ (the class are actually from Intel C++ Libraries) to ease our SIMD writing and lessen the effort to write readable SIMD code. Would you rather read/write z = x + y; or z = _mm_add_ps(x, y);? The answer is obvious. In this way, we can throw away our hand-written vectorized code without much heart pain in the event that they are found to be slower in execution. Simple Example Let me illustrate with an simple example of using SSE (not SSE2) float vector class, F32vec4, for integer to do addition of four numbers. F32vec4 is defined in the fvec.h header. F32vec4 vec1(1.0f, 2.0f, 3.0f, 4.0f);
F32vec4 vec2(5.0f, 6.0f, 7.0f, 8.0f);

F32vec4 result = vec1 + vec2; Without using the F32vec4 class and using pure SSE intrinsic, the code would be as follows. As you can see, using intrinsic, we have to either remember them or look them up in the documentation whenever we need to use them. For those who are looking into delaying the onset of dementia or Alzheimer, can try memorizing those hard-to-remember intrinsic names. __m128 vec1 = _mm_set_ps(1.0f, 2.0f, 3.0f, 4.0f);
__m128 vec2 = _mm_set_ps(5.0f, 6.0f, 7.0f, 8.0f);

__m128 result = _mm_add_ps(vec1, vec2); Below is the table which lists the vector classes and their associated header files from Optimizing software in C++ ebook. Vector class Size of each element, bits Number of elements Type of elements Total size of vector, bits Header file Is8vec8 8 8 char 64 ivec.h Iu8vec8 8 8 unsigned char 64 ivec.h Is16vec4 16 4 short int 64 ivec.h Iu16vec4 16 4 unsigned short int 64 ivec.h Is32vec2 32 2 int 64 ivec.h Iu32vec2 32 2 unsigned int 64 ivec.h I64vec1 64 1 __int64 64 ivec.h Is8vec16 8 16 char 128 dvec.h Iu8vec16 8 16 unsigned char 128 dvec.h Is16vec8 16 8 short int 128 dvec.h Iu16vec8 16 8 unsigned short int 128 dvec.h Is32vec4 32 4 int 128 dvec.h Iu32vec4 32 4 unsigned int 128 dvec.h I64vec2 64 2 __int64 128 dvec.h F32vec4 32 4 float 128 fvec.h F64vec2 64 2 double 128 dvec.h F32vec8 32 8 float 256 dvec.h F64vec4 64 4 double 256 dvec.h Optimizing software in C++: It is not recommended to use the 64-bit vectors in ivec.h because these are incompatible with floating point code. If you do use the 64-bit vectors then you have to execute _mm_empty() after the 64-bit vector operations and before any floating point code. The 128-bit vectors do not have this problem. The 256-bit vectors require that the AVX instruction set is supported by the microprocessor and the operating system. Most of the integer vector class do not support vector multiplication operations and all integer vector class do not support vector division operations, while float and double vector class do support vector addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. Here is an example to implement your own integer (32bit) division operator using the scalar division. And of course, using scalar operation will be slower. static inline Is32vec4 operator / (Is32vec4 const & a, Is32vec4 const & b) 
{
    Is32vec4 ans;
    ans[0] = a[0] / b[0];
    ans[1] = a[1] / b[1];
    ans[2] = a[2] / b[2];
    ans[3] = a[3] / b[3];
    return ans;
} Drawing a Circle We will use the F32vec4 class (128 bit float vector) to draw a circle. I'll show a plain scalar C++ code to do it first. The code uses Pythagorean theorem to determine if the pixel falls within the circle. Using X and Y coordinates from the center of the circle, we calculate the hypotenuse, using sqrt(X2+Y2). The hypotenuse is the pixel distance from the center point. If it is smaller than the radius, then it is within the circle and the pixel should be set to green color. // Draw Circle without optimization
void CScratchPadDlg::OnPaint()
{
    // ... non-relevant GDI+ code is not shown here

    if( !pixelsCanvas )
        return;

    UINT col = 0;
    int stride = bitmapDataCanvas.Stride >> 2;

    float fPointX = 100.0f; // x coordinates of the circle center
    float fPointY = 100.0f; // y coordinates of the circle center
    float fRadius = 40.0f; // radius of the circle center

    float fy=0.0f;
    float fx=0.0f;

    UINT color = 0xff00ff00;
    for(UINT row = 0, fy=0.0f; row < bitmapDataCanvas.Height; row+=1, fy+=1.0f)
    {
        for(col = 0, fx=0.0f; col < bitmapDataCanvas.Width; col+=1, fx+=1.0f)
        {
            // calculate the index of destination pixel array
            int index = row * stride + col;

            // Subtract center X from the pixel X coordinates
            float X = fx - fPointX;
            // Subtract center Y from the pixel Y coordinates
            float Y = fy - fPointY;

            // compute the square of X, that is X * X = X to power of 2
            X = X * X;
            // compute the square of Y, that is Y * Y = Y to power of 2
            Y = Y * Y;

            // Add up the X square and Y square
            float hypSq = X + Y;

            // Find the hypotenuse by computing square root
            float hyp = std::sqrt(hypSq);

            UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index];
            if(hyp<=fRadius)
            {
                pixelsCanvas[index] = color;
            }
            else
            {
                pixelsCanvas[index] = origPixel;
            }
        }
    }

    graphics.DrawImage(m_pSrcBitmap,0,0,
      m_pSrcBitmap->GetWidth(),m_pSrcBitmap->GetHeight());
} I have to admit this is an inefficient way to draw circle. A better and faster way is to draw a circle with a stroke and then use floodfill to fill the circle with a solid color. And there is also no antialiasing at the circle boundary. Our demo at the end requires circles to be drawn in such a way. Below is the version written with intrinsic (not using F32vec4 yet). I will not try to explain this intrinsic version but I'll explain the F32vec4 version. Both version are similar. // Draw Circle with SIMD intrinsic
void CScratchPadDlg::OnPaint()
{
    // ... non-relevant GDI+ code is not shown here

    UINT col = 0;
    int stride = bitmapDataCanvas.Stride >> 2;

    float fPointX = 100.0f; // x coordinates of the circle center
    float fPointY = 100.0f; // y coordinates of the circle center
    float fRadius = 40.0f; // radius of the circle center

    // vector of 4 x coordinates of the circle center
    __m128 vecPointX = _mm_set_ps1(fPointX);
    // vector of 4 y coordinates of the circle center
    __m128 vecPointY = _mm_set_ps1(fPointY);
    // vector of 4 radius of the circle center
    __m128 vecRadius = _mm_set_ps1(fRadius);

    float fy=0.0f;
    float fx=0.0f;

    UINT color = 0xff00ff00;
    for(UINT row = 0, fy=0.0f; row < bitmapDataCanvas.Height; row+=1, fy+=1.0f)
    {
        for(col = 0, fx=0.0f; col < bitmapDataCanvas.Width; col+=4, fx+=4.0f)
        {
            // calculate the index of destination pixel array
            int index = row * stride + col;

            // vector of X coordinates of the 4 pixels, it is inverse of of little endian
            __m128 vecX= _mm_set_ps(fx+3.0f, fx+2.0f, fx+1.0f, fx+0.0f);
            // vector of Y coordinates of the 4 pixels
            __m128 vecY = _mm_set_ps1(fy);

            // Subtract center X from the pixel X coordinates
            vecX = _mm_sub_ps(vecX, vecPointX);

            // Subtract center Y from the pixel Y coordinates
            vecY = _mm_sub_ps(vecY, vecPointY);

            // compute the square of X, that is X * X = X to power of 2
            vecX = _mm_mul_ps(vecX, vecX);
            // compute the square of Y, that is Y * Y = Y to power of 2
            vecY = _mm_mul_ps(vecY, vecY);

            // Add up the X square and Y square
            __m128 vecHypSq = _mm_add_ps(vecX, vecY);

            // Find the hypotenuse by computing square root
            __m128 vecHyp = _mm_sqrt_ps(vecHypSq);

            // Generate the mask for condition of hypotenuse < radius
            __m128 mask = _mm_cmple_ps(vecHyp, vecRadius);

            // all 4 pixel in mask vector, falls within the width
            if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
            {
                UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];
                pixelsCanvas[index+1] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
                pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];
                pixelsCanvas[index+2] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
                pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];
                pixelsCanvas[index+3] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
                pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
            }
            else // all 4 pixel in mask vector do not falls within the width: have to test 1 by 1.
            {
                UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

                if(col+1<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+1] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);
                }

                if(col+2<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+2] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);
                }

                if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+3] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
                }
            }
        }
    }

    graphics.DrawImage(m_pSrcBitmap,0,0, 
             m_pSrcBitmap->GetWidth(),m_pSrcBitmap->GetHeight());
} Below is the code written with F32vec4 class provided by Microsoft Visual Studio. In fact, I wrote the vector class version first, then wrote the scalar and SIMD intrinsic version. It's easier to convert the vector class version to the intrinsic version: I only have to look up the intrinsic name inside the vector class overloaded operators and replace them accordingly. // Draw Circle with SIMD class
void CScratchPadDlg::OnPaint()
{
    // ... non-relevant GDI+ code is not shown here

    UINT col = 0;
    int stride = bitmapDataCanvas.Stride >> 2;

    float fPointX = 100.0f; // x coordinates of the circle center
    float fPointY = 100.0f; // y coordinates of the circle center
    float fRadius = 40.0f; // radius of the circle center

    // vector of 4 x coordinates of the circle center
    F32vec4 vecPointX(fPointX);
    // vector of 4 y coordinates of the circle center
    F32vec4 vecPointY(fPointY);
    // vector of 4 radius of the circle center
    F32vec4 vecRadius(fRadius);

    float fy=0.0f;
    float fx=0.0f;

    UINT color = 0xff00ff00;
    for(UINT row = 0, fy=0.0f; row < bitmapDataCanvas.Height; row+=1, fy+=1.0f)
    {
        for(col = 0, fx=0.0f; col < bitmapDataCanvas.Width; col+=4, fx+=4.0f)
        {
            // calculate the index of destination pixel array
            int index = row * stride + col;

            // vector of X coordinates of the 4 pixels, it is inverse of of little endian
            F32vec4 vecX(fx+3.0f, fx+2.0f, fx+1.0f, fx+0.0f);
            // vector of Y coordinates of the 4 pixels
            F32vec4 vecY((float)(fy));

            // Subtract center X from the pixel X coordinates
            vecX -= vecPointX;
            // Subtract center Y from the pixel Y coordinates
            vecY -= vecPointY;

            // compute the square of X, that is X * X = X to power of 2
            vecX = vecX * vecX;
            // compute the square of Y, that is Y * Y = Y to power of 2
            vecY = vecY * vecY;

            // Add up the X square and Y square
            F32vec4 vecHypSq = vecX + vecY;

            // Find the hypotenuse by computing square root
            F32vec4 vecHyp = sqrt(vecHypSq);

            // Generate the mask for condition of hypotenuse < radius
            F32vec4 mask = cmple(vecHyp, vecRadius);

            // all 4 pixel in mask vector, falls within the width
            if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
            {
                UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];
                pixelsCanvas[index+1] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
                pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];
                pixelsCanvas[index+2] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
                pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];
                pixelsCanvas[index+3] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
                pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
            }
            else // all 4 pixel in mask vector do not falls within the width: have to test 1 by 1.
            {
                UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

                if(col+1<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+1] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);
                }

                if(col+2<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+2] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);
                }

                if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+3] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
                }
            }
        }
    }

    graphics.DrawImage(m_pSrcBitmap,0,0,m_pSrcBitmap->GetWidth(),m_pSrcBitmap->GetHeight());
} The benchmark result is as below. Intel i7 CPU (Quad Core) Debug Mode

Scalar : 12ms
SSE Intrinsic : 5ms
SSE vector class : 38ms.

Release Mode

Scalar : 2ms
SSE Intrinsic : 1ms
SSE vector class : 1ms. Core 2 Duo CPU (Dual Core) Debug Mode

Scalar : 18ms
SSE Intrinsic : 5ms
SSE vector class : 57ms.

Release Mode

Scalar : 4ms
SSE Intrinsic : 1ms
SSE vector class : 1ms. As the reader can see, the benchmark result for the SSE vector in debug build is very bad and is not acceptable for our demo application which animates the expanding circle on a interval of 30 milliseconds. The reason is probably because in debug build, the inline constructor and methods are not inline'd by the compiler. I work around it by always running the program in release mode. After all, it is a simple graphics program which does not need debugging, I figure out what is wrong by observing. Now I begin to explain the previous code snippet. float fPointX = 100.0f; // x coordinates of the circle center
float fPointY = 100.0f; // y coordinates of the circle center
float fRadius = 40.0f; // radius of the circle center

// vector of 4 x coordinates of the circle center
F32vec4 vecPointX(fPointX);
// vector of 4 y coordinates of the circle center
F32vec4 vecPointY(fPointY);
// vector of 4 radius of the circle center
F32vec4 vecRadius(fRadius); This code merely initialize the two vector of X coordinates and Y coordinates of the circle center. The third vector is circle radius. float fy=0.0f;
float fx=0.0f;

UINT color = 0xff00ff00;
for(UINT row = 0, fy=0.0f; row < bitmapDataCanvas.Height; row+=1, fy+=1.0f)
{
    for(col = 0, fx=0.0f; col < bitmapDataCanvas.Width; col+=4, fx+=4.0f)
    {
        // calculate the index of destination pixel array
        int index = row * stride + col;

        // vector of X coordinates of the 4 pixels, it is inverse of of little endian
        F32vec4 vecX(fx+3.0f, fx+2.0f, fx+1.0f, fx+0.0f);
        // vector of Y coordinates of the 4 pixels
        F32vec4 vecY((float)(fy)); This is a nested for loop. The outer loop iterates the rows while the inner loop iterates every 4 columns. vecX and vecY are the columns and rows of the pixels. You may have noticed that the float arguments to vecX constructor is reversed. This is due to little endianness of Intel processor. Below is what it looks like if they are not reversed. // Subtract center X from the pixel X coordinates
vecX -= vecPointX;
// Subtract center Y from the pixel Y coordinates
vecY -= vecPointY;

// compute the square of X, that is X * X = X to power of 2
vecX = vecX * vecX;
// compute the square of Y, that is Y * Y = Y to power of 2
vecY = vecY * vecY;

// Add up the X square and Y square
F32vec4 vecHypSq = vecX + vecY;

// Find the hypotenuse by computing square root
F32vec4 vecHyp = sqrt(vecHypSq); Now we subtract the circle center from the XY coordinates of the pixels to get where the pixels are in relative to te circle center. We may get a negative X or Y result but we do not have to convert them to the absolute value because the next multiplication operation to compute for the squared value (e.g., X2, Y2), will convert negative values to positive values because the product of two negative numbers gives a positive result. The rest of the code computes the hypotenuse. // Generate the mask for condition of hypotenuse < radius
F32vec4 mask = cmple(vecHyp, vecRadius); The first statement generates a mask if the hypotenuse of the triangle is less than the circle radius. The mask is all ones (0xffffffff) when the condition is true, else is all zeroes // all 4 pixel in mask vector, falls within the width
if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
{
    UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];
    pixelsCanvas[index+0] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
    pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];
    pixelsCanvas[index+1] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
    pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);

    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];
    pixelsCanvas[index+2] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
    pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);

    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];
    pixelsCanvas[index+3] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
    pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
}
else // all 4 pixel in mask vector do not falls within the width: have to test 1 by 1.
{
    UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];
    pixelsCanvas[index+0] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
    pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

    if(col+1<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
    {
        origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];

        pixelsCanvas[index+1] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
        pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);
    }

    if(col+2<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
    {
        origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];

        pixelsCanvas[index+2] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
        pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);
    }

    if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
    {
        origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];

        pixelsCanvas[index+3] = color & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
        pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
    }
} The first if condition test whether column + 3 is less than the image width. If it is, it will assign the color to the pixelCanvas[i] according if the mask is 0xffffffff. If mask is all zeros, the original color will be applied to pixelCanvas[i] instead. The else block executes when column + 3 is more than the image width and we have to test every pixel whether it is within the boundary before assigning the color to pixelCanvas[i]. Out of curiosity, I modified the earlier code snippet to draw a circle with a gradient. You noticed the gradients color 'spiked' into the center. This is okay because our final demo does not involve gradients. // Draw Circle with gradient
void CScratchPadDlg::OnPaint()
{
    // ... non-relevant GDI+ code is not shown here

    UINT col = 0;
    int stride = bitmapDataCanvas.Stride >> 2;

    float fPointX = 50.0f; // x coordinates of the circle center
    float fPointY = 50.0f; // Y coordinates of the circle center
    float fRadius = 40.0f; // radius of the circle center

    // vector of 4 x coordinates of the circle center
    F32vec4 vecPointX(fPointX, fPointX, fPointX, fPointX);
    // vector of 4 x coordinates of the circle center
    F32vec4 vecPointY(fPointY, fPointY, fPointY, fPointY);
    // vector of 4 radius of the circle center
    F32vec4 vecRadius(fRadius, fRadius, fRadius, fRadius);

    float fy=0.0f;
    float fx=0.0f;

    UINT color = 0xff0000ff;
    UINT color2 = 0xff00ffff;

    UINT* arrGrad = GenGrad(color, color2, 40);

    for(UINT row = 0, fy=0.0f; row < bitmapDataCanvas.Height; row+=1, fy+=1.0f)
    {
        for(col = 0, fx=0.0f; col < bitmapDataCanvas.Width; col+=4, fx+=4.0f)
        {
            // calculate the index of destination pixel array
            int index = row * stride + col;

            // vector of X coordinates of the 4 pixels, it is inverse of of little endian
            F32vec4 vecX(fx+3.0f, fx+2.0f, fx+1.0f, fx+0.0f);
            // vector of Y coordinates of the 4 pixels
            F32vec4 vecY(fy, fy, fy, fy);

            // Subtract center X from the pixel X coordinates
            vecX -= vecPointX;
            // Subtract center Y from the pixel Y coordinates
            vecY -= vecPointY;

            // compute the square of X, that is X * X = X to power of 2
            vecX = vecX * vecX;
            // compute the square of Y, that is Y * Y = Y to power of 2
            vecY = vecY * vecY;

            // Add up the X square and Y square
            F32vec4 vecHypSq = vecX + vecY;

            // Find the hypotenuse by computing square root
            F32vec4 vecHyp = sqrt(vecHypSq);

            // Generate the mask for condition of hypotenuse < radius
            F32vec4 mask = cmple(vecHyp, vecRadius);

            // all 4 pixel in mask vector, falls within the width
            if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
            {
                UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];

                pixelsCanvas[index+0] = 
                  arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[0]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];
                pixelsCanvas[index+1] = 
                  arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[1]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
                pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];
                pixelsCanvas[index+2] = 
                  arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[2]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
                pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);

                origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];
                pixelsCanvas[index+3] = 
                  arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[3]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
                pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
            }
            else // all 4 pixel in mask vector do not falls within the width: have to test 1 by 1.
            {
                UINT origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+0];

                pixelsCanvas[index+0] = 
                  arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[0]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0];
                pixelsCanvas[index+0] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[0]);

                if(col+1<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+1];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+1] = 
                       arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[1]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+1] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[1]);
                }

                if(col+2<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+2];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+2] = 
                       arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[2]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+2] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[2]);
                }

                if(col+3<bitmapDataCanvas.Width)
                {
                    origPixel = pixelsCanvas[index+3];

                    pixelsCanvas[index+3] = 
                       arrGrad[ (int)((__m128(vecHyp)).m128_f32[3]) ] & (__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3];
                    pixelsCanvas[index+3] |= origPixel & ~((__m128(mask)).m128_u32[3]);
                }
            }
        }
    }

    delete [] arrGrad;

    graphics.DrawImage(m_pSrcBitmap,0,0,m_pSrcBitmap->GetWidth(),m_pSrcBitmap->GetHeight());
}

UINT* CDrawCircleDlg::GenGrad(UINT a, UINT b, UINT len)
{
    int r1=(a&0xff0000)>>16,g1=(a&0xff00)>>8,b1=(a&0xff); //Any start color
    int r2=(b&0xff0000)>>16,g2=(b&0xff00)>>8,b2=(b&0xff); //Any start color

    UINT* arr = new UINT[len+1];

    for(UINT i=0;i<len+1;i++)
    { 
        int r,g,b;
        r = r1 + (i * (r2-r1) / len);
        g = g1 + (i * (g2-g1) / len);
        b = b1 + (i * (b2-b1) / len);
        
        arr[i] = 0xff000000 | r << 16 | g << 8 | b;
    }

    return arr;
} Circle Cover Effect In this section, we are going to use the code which we developed previously for drawing circle to implement a circle cover effect where a circle keep expanding and exposing the image underneath. So how does the code know when to stop expanding (that is when the entire image is already covered/replaced)? Look at the image below. When you mouse-click on the client area, the distance from the 4 corner are calculated and the longest distance (red line) is selected as the maximum radius to expand. Tip: you can replace the flickr1.jpg and flickr2.jpg in the res folder with your own images (just rename them to be flickr1.jpg and flickr2.jpg but their dimension have to be equal), the CircleCover application will automatically resize its client dimension to be the same as the 1st embedded image on startup. Hexagon Cover Effect The hexagon cover effect is similar to the circle cover application. The only difference is the expanding edge is replaced by little hexagons. As with the CircleCover application, you can replace the images before compilation. This is how it works. The difference between each hexagon center and the mouse point is calculated. If the difference is greater than the hexagon, then the hexagon should be displayed. If the difference is smaller, then a pre-computed mask (which store the distance of each pixel from the hexagon center) is used to determine whether the pixel underneath should be displayed. I did not convert this application to use SSE, simply because the speed gain will not be much as the number of distance to compute between each hexagon center and the mouse point, are not many. And the distance of each pixel from the hexagon center is pre-computed as a mask. I leave it as a exercise for the reader to convert this code to use SSE. The source code is heavily commented. Conclusion We has seen how to use the SIMD vector class provided by Visual Studio for code clarity and code speedup. However, we have also seen the speed penalty in debug build is quite bad (40x). Only simple operations like addition, subtraction, multiplication, division and square root are provided by SIMD vector class. There is no trigonometry functions (like sine and cosine). This is why I restricted my effect to use Pythagorean theorem. The source code is hosted at CodePlex. History 5 March 2012: Added how to write integer division operation using scalar division. 28 February 2012: Updated the article with table of the vector classes and their header files. 19 February 2012: First release Reference Optimizing software in C++ by Agner Fog License This article, along with any associated source code and files, is licensed under The Microsoft Public License (Ms-PL) Share email twitter facebook linkedin reddit google+ About the Author Shao Voon Wong Software Developer (Senior) United States IT Certifications IT Infrastructure Library Foundational (ITIL v3) Scrum Alliance Certified Scrum Master (CSM) EC-Council Certified Secure Programmer (ECSP) .NET EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) EC-Council Certified Security Analyst (ECSA) Certified Secure Software Lifecycle Professional (CSSLP) You may also be interested in... Pro Mobile App Playbook Pro How 5 Companies Maintain Optimal .NET Performance Create Screen Prototypes For Clear Software Requirements Bringing Up Arduino 101 (branded Genuino 101 outside the U.S.) on Ubuntu under VMware Extending JavaScript Intrinsic Objects with Prototypes Mobile Messaging with Twilio Comments and Discussions   First Prev Next My vote of 5 Dmitriy Gakh31-Oct-16 6:53 Dmitriy Gakh 31-Oct-16 6:53  Excellent explanation. Slowness in debug Chris Losinger31-Oct-16 4:34 Chris Losinger 31-Oct-16 4:34  Quote:The reason is probably because in debug build, the inline constructor and methods are not inline'd by the compiler. It's probably because of the way the compiler handles register usage in debug mode, with certain optimizations set (I forget which). I've found that, in debug mode, the compiler keeps almost nothing in SSE/XMM registers between calls - it actually writes all of the 'return' values from the intrinsics out to memory and then reads the value back to a register for the next call. For example, in debug mode, this: __m128i Z = _mm_setzero_si128(); becomes: pxor	xmm0, xmm0
movdqa	XMMWORD PTR $T209723[ebp], xmm0
movdqa	xmm0, XMMWORD PTR $T209723[ebp]
movdqa	XMMWORD PTR _Zeros$[ebp], xmm0 Which is ridiculous. But, that's what the compiler does. image processing toolkits | batch image processing My vote of 5 KarstenK16-Dec-14 4:37 KarstenK 16-Dec-14 4:37  great insight of the glorious SIMD stuff My vote of 5 Christian Amado29-Aug-12 11:53 Christian Amado 29-Aug-12 11:53  Well explained! =) My vote of 5 member6027-Feb-12 22:48 member60 27-Feb-12 22:48  nice My vote of 5 GPUToaster™27-Feb-12 22:31 GPUToaster™ 27-Feb-12 22:31  Very nicely written, voting 5! Good code; algorithm could be better Phil Atkin21-Feb-12 0:12 Phil Atkin 21-Feb-12 0:12  I've written SIMD code in assembler; anything that makes it easier to apply this technology has to be good news! I commend your efforts in this regard. But you haven't chosen a good example to optimize. It's usually much more important to use an efficient algorithm than to code it efficiently - particularly in the case of imaging operations. In this case you state that the algorithm isn't efficient, but the alternative you mention (flood fill) would be even worse! With image operations you should always think most about the inner loop: try to make it as simple as possible, and with as few branches as possible. The clue in the case of the circle drawing should be that, apart from the endpoints, each pixel is identical. All the conditional code, including the square root, is redundant. A far better algorithm is to calculate the positions of the endpoints of each chord (horizontal line) of the circle. You need just one square root per line. You then have the endpoints of a horizontal line, which can be conveniently drawn with the graphics processor. Alternatively, to do the sort of "cover effect" you describe, you can use a simple copy loop between the endpoints. By the way, if you really need to test every pixel for inclusion in the circle (you don't if you adopt my suggestion above), much better to proceed as follows: * Calculate r2 = r * r, the square of the radius, outside the loops. * Calculate y2 = Y*Y in the outer (y) loop, since it doesn't change in the inner loop. * Your test is then X*X + y2 < r2 - this avoids the square root. I realize that the point of your article is to describe the helper classes, not to expound on circle-drawing algorithms. But in my view it's always better to use an example that shows a useful gain from the application of the technique. Phil Atkin Cambridge, UK Totally right, but... KarstenK16-Dec-14 4:36 KarstenK 16-Dec-14 4:36  for demonstration purposes is it a good example. The algorithm is the MOST significant optimization. The second: use a short algorithm. The last but not least: only optimize if you really need Press F1 for help or google it. Greetings from Germany My vote of 5 pvandijk2820-Feb-12 21:20 pvandijk28 20-Feb-12 21:20  Very nice to read My vote of 5 YvesDaoust20-Feb-12 5:38 YvesDaoust 20-Feb-12 5:38  Any contribution to making SIMD programming more affordable deserves respect Good Article Patrick Harris19-Feb-12 17:07 Patrick Harris 19-Feb-12 17:07  I was enjoying everything you had written up to the point that I saw the woman in the purple bikini, and suddenly I magically forgot everything you talked about. I'll have to give this another re-read... Re: Good Article Wong Shao Voon19-Feb-12 17:40 Wong Shao Voon 19-Feb-12 17:40  The original pictures used, are images of LEGO figurines. In order to give myself some motivation to debug the applications, I changed them to pictures of women. If the pictures are such a bad distraction from the article, please let me know and I'll have them changed to something else. Last Visit: 31-Dec-99 19:00     Last Update: 15-Nov-16 16:41 Refresh 1 General    News    Suggestion    Question    Bug    Answer    Joke    Praise    Rant    Admin    Use Ctrl+Left/Right to switch messages, Ctrl+Up/Down to switch threads, Ctrl+Shift+Left/Right to switch pages. Best C++ article of February 2012 Go to top Permalink | Advertise | Privacy | Terms of Use | Mobile Web01 | 2.8.161110.1 | Last Updated 30 Oct 2016 Article Copyright 2016 by Shao Voon Wong Everything else Copyright © CodeProject, 1999-2016 Layout: fixed | fluid
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice Printers All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BestPS4Games SnapchatSpectacles NESClassic TwitterAbuse GooglePhotoScan Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Rumor: iPhone, MacBook to Get Wireless Charging, More RAM Rumor: iPhone, MacBook to Get Wireless Charging, More RAM By Tom Brant November 1, 2016 07:40pm EST 10 Comments A new research note also suggests lower prices for a refreshed 2017 MacBook lineup. Apple could announce a new MacBook and price cuts for the current model early next year, according to analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities. Kuo's latest research note predicts that Apple is planning to introduce new hardware features for a revamped 2017 MacBook lineup, including MacBook Pros, and that prices for those notebooks will drop in the first half of next year, MacRumors reported this week. While a price drop would be consistent with Apple's historical strategy, which has been to discount prices of older models after a year or so, component upgrades may be more of a stretch. Kuo predicts that the refreshed MacBook Pro will have support for up to 32GB of RAM, an amount that Intel processors in current Apple notebooks don't support. Such an upgrade, then, would depend on whether or not Intel releases its Cannonlake processors in time. They're currently scheduled for the second half of 2017. In addition to supporting more RAM, the Cannonlake family is expected to take advantage of recent advances in 10 nanometer chip fabrication, recently pioneered by Samsung. //Related Articles Apple Ditches Iconic Mac Startup Sound Meanwhile, the iPhone 8 rumor mills have also been churning this week, with Nikkei citing sources that say the next iPhone will include wireless charging. Foxconn, the Chinese manufacturing giant that supplies components found in many mobile devices, is reportedly making wireless charging modules compatible with a next-gen iPhone. Nikkei notes that whether or not such a feature ends up in a future Apple handset depends on whether or not Foxconn is able to iron out supply chain issues, which recently plagued the launch of the iPhone 7. Apple, which just last week unvieled a refreshed MacBook Pro, did not immediatley respond to a request for comment. Back to top Previous : MacBook Pro 2016: Should You Upgrade? Staples Tips Black Friday 2016 Deals Next : By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Google Expands Neural Networks for Language Translation The new system can translate whole sentences at a time, rather than just phrases. More » Google Launches AI Web Demos, Try Them for Yourself Google is trying to interest consumers in the same machine learning that powers its cloud enterprise... More » Get Free Samsung Gear With New Rewards Program Samsung loyalists will now earn points based on how many Samsung Pay transactions they make. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Related Reviews Dell XPS 13 Touch (2016) Acer Chromebook 14 New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) Acer Aspire R 14 (R5-471T-52EE) The Best Laptops of 2016 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Follow Us:   Today's Edition | Wednesday , November 2 , 2016 |   In Today's Paper Front Page Nation Calcutta Bengal Foreign Business Sports Horse Racing t2 T2 Online Opinion SPONSORED Property NEW Cities & Regions Metro North Bengal Northeast Jharkhand Bihar Odisha Weekly Features Knowhow Mon You Mon Salt Lake Fri 7days Sun Graphiti Sun Leisure Sudoku Sudoku New Crossword Jumble Gallery Archives Since 1 March, 1999 Press Releases Businesswire India NewsVoir PR Newswire Extras Travel The Telegraph About Us Advertise Feedback Contact Us Front Page > Nation > Story Drain pain? Tech solution OUR SPECIAL CORRESPONDENT Bangalore, Nov. 1: Harried home-owners in Bangalore's Whitefield can now breathe a bit easy: a free Web application can help them check whether their properties are encroaching on storm water drains in violation of land rules. Developed by a city-based techie after corporation bulldozers recently razed parts of homes standing on such drains, Mapshalli covers only 33 areas in and around the tech neighbourhood of Whitefield at the moment. But it could soon cover the whole city. One of the families that had to pull down a concrete pillar on their residential premises was of Lt Col E.K. Niranjan, the NSG commando who was killed during mop-up operations after the terrorist attack on Pathankot air base in January. Bothered by the spate of demolitions carried out to reclaim storm water drains, software engineer Shiv Shankar - he is from IIT Madras - decided it was time he checked if all was clear with his property in Whitefield. "I basically used available technology to check if my property stood clear of any rajakaluve (principal storm water drain), but in the process ended up developing this application," said the former director of enterprise software technology at Intel. The demolitions began after it was discovered that outflow of water during the monsoon was being blocked by encroached drains, leading to flooding in some areas of north Bangalore. Water flows through a network of smaller secondary storm water drains into principal drains that open into lakes across the city. There are survey maps that the city corporation, Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike (BBMP), has uploaded on its website but ordinary people find it tough to decipher them. Not only are they in Kannada, they are very technical too. That was where Shankar's skills came into play. "It's a very cumbersome process to even find the relevant survey map on BBMP's webpage and then decode them to figure out if your property is on a rajakaluve. What I basically did was to overlay their map over Google Earth to give the lay user an easy solution with a few clicks," said Shankar. His application provides a clear picture of where principal and secondary storm water drains are. "Around 120 people from other parts of the city have already contacted me to help them check if their properties stand on storm water drains," he said. Going by the interest his application has generated, Shankar sounded confident that MapsHalli could one day become a user-generated one - something like Wikipedia where users generate content. A corporation official said violations would happen with or without such solutions: "There are nearly 2,000 properties under scrutiny for encroaching on storm water drains." E.K. Shashank, the brother of Lt Col Niranjan, said: "It's good that something is available for commoners to easily check if they have erred unwittingly." Thippe Gowda, a real estate agent, said the corporation's anti-encroachment drive had hit buyer confidence. "Earlier, buyers mostly wanted to know if the property had proper documents and got them checked by lawyers. But now they are worried about encroachment on government land and storm water drains," he said. "I think using technology is the only way to find out details like if there was a drain in the place where one is going to build a house. It's very difficult to get such information from the corporation."  More stories in Nation Scapegoat, cries axed jail top cop Mayawati demands judicial probe What SC says: No automatic right to shoot BJP sees poll gain from encounter Quizzes and films at embassies to celebrate Patel Chandigarh misses party Raw and daring mill letter Scientists on hunt for Chyavanprash 8 Arnab Goswami to resign Woman on house hunt gang-raped Cow boot on Bajrang foot Mulayam and Kishor meet Hint of extension and long wait Gautami reveals split with Kamal    Copyright © 2016 The Telegraph. All rights reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy | Contact Us  
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-15: Apple's Coffee Table Book, HP's Campaign to Win Mac Users TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote View All Editorials → Function Key MacBook Pro Teardown Shows Smaller Battery, Removable SSD Jeff Gamet @jgamet · +Jeff Gamet Nov 1st, 2016 6:35 PM EST | News It doesn’t take long after a new Apple product launch for iFixit to strip it down to its frame, and that’s exactly what happened with the late 2016 Retina MacBook Pro with function keys. Inside they found a smaller battery, removable custom SSD, and more. Apple’s latest engineering marvel: the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro Apple introduced new 13-inch and 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro models at a media event on October 27th. The new models include brighter displays with a wider color gamut, USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports, a larger trackpad, and Intel Skylake Core i5 and Core i7 processors. Apple’s new Touch Bar replaces the function keys on the 15-inch model and one 13-inch model—both of which will be available in a week or so, although ship times are slipping. The 13-inch model with function keys, however, is available now, and that’s what iFixit ripped apart. Inside they found a battery that’s 27% smaller than the previous 13-inch MacBook Pro, but it still offers the same 10 hours of use. The battery also easier to remove, which is good news should it need to be replaced. The SSD storage module is removable, although replacements aren’t currently available. Apple is using SanDisk memory chips along with a custom designed controller, which may limit future upgrade options. Still, the fact that the SSD can be popped out is promising. Like previous MacBook Pro models, the RAM is soldered in, so the 8GB or 16GB is comes with is all you’ll get without any upgrade option. The new keyboard Apple bragged about that’s supposed to be an improvement over the MacBook uses different butterfly switch mechanism, and does feel different. Since the feel of a keyboard is subjective, you’ll have to decide for yourself if different is better. Apple left the 3.5mm headphone jack, which was something of a surprise considering it’s gone from the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. That doesn’t mean it isn’t welcome; the headphone jack is still an important port for many MacBook Pro users. iFixit gave the function key 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro a repairability score of 2 out of 10, which means you shouldn’t expect to have much luck with DIY repairs and upgrades. That’s a little disappointing but not surprising considering Apple hasn’t been keen on users going under the hood with Macs for some time. That said, it’s pretty impressive Apple was able to keep the overall battery life at 10 hours while reducing the battery size by 27%. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Tags: iFixit, MacBook Pro, Teardown Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials HP Exploits Apple’s Mac Pro Void with New Z2 Mini John Martellaro | November 15, 2016 Thinking Differently about Apple's $299 Coffee Table Book Bryan Chaffin | November 15, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $107.11 +1.40 (1.32%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store Recent News See All » AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 iPhone 7 Plus Ship Times Hold at 3-4 Weeks or Higher Tim Cook's Message to Employees after Election: 'Move Forward Together' Recent Tips See All » macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route How to Turn Off Music Auto-Shuffle in iOS 10 iOS 10.2: How to Disable Always On Live Photo iOS 10.2 Beta Brings Star Ratings Back to Music App Recent Editorials See All » Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote 5918 Jeff Gamet news 0 1478025341 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! OpenIndiana 2016.10 Unix OS Migrates to FreeBSD Loader, Adds MATE 1.14 Desktop GO Various software components received new versions too Nov 1, 2016 22:20 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  OpenIndiana is a free and open-source Unix operating system, based on Illumos and derived from OpenSolaris. The latest version, 2016.10, was announced by Alexander Pyhalov on October 31, 2016. The OpenIndiana 2016.10 "Hipster" release comes with a large number of updated components, new features and under-the-hood improvements, but the most exciting ones are the migration to FreeBSD Loader, porting of Intel KMS (Kernel Mode Setting), the implementation of Python 2.7 by default, the removal of Sun SSH, and the MATE 1.14 desktop, which is now integrated and installed by default. "The most notable change for users is migration to FreeBSD Loader. After installing new bits, upon the next beadm activate the new loader will be installed instead of GRUB," reads the release announcement. "This improvement allowed us to modify the text installer so that it can newly install the operating system on RAIDZ/mirror ZFS pools." New and updated software applications Among the updated software applications that ship with the OpenIndiana 2016.10 release, we can mention the Mozilla Firefox 49.0.2 web browser, Mozilla Thunderbird 45.4.0 email and news client, Mesa 12.0.3 3D Graphics Library, CUPS 1.7.5 printing system, Inkscape 0.91 vector graphics editor, and Mutt 1.7.1 email client. The list of updated components continues with Irssi 0.8.20, ImageMagick 6.9.4.5, Midnight Commander 4.8.18, Graphviz 2.38.0, Yelp 3.20.1, Nmap 7.31, GD2 2.1, libpng 1.6, libtasn1 4.8, tmux 2.3, Dash 0.5.9, and Nvidia proprietary driver 340.96. The graphics stack has been updated as well, and LightDM 1.19.3 display manager is now integrated. Last but not least, various FUSE modules were added for NTFS-3G, the top command now displays ZFS ARC usage stats, and the Areca package was removed. OpenIndiana 2016.10 is available for download right now from our website, and it's distributed as server and minimal install images, as well as a GUI image with the MATE desktop. #OpenIndiana 2016.10#FreeBSD Loader#Intel KMS#MATE 1.14#OpenSolaris subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news KDE Plasma 5.8.3 LTS Desktop Released with Lots of KWin & Discover Improvements CAINE 8.0 "Blazar" GNU/Linux OS Provides a Complete Digital Forensic Environment Calibre eBook Management App Celebrates Its 10th Anniversary with New Icon Set Linux Kernel 4.8.6 Updates Wireless and AMDGPU Drivers, Fixes ARM Issues Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers    OpenIndiana 2016.10 now with MATE 1.14 desktop New Linux Apps openSUSE Linux: The new and improved SUSE Linux operating system, a community-driven distribution Linux Kernel: What you are about to download is the core of all the Linux operating systems in the world Linux Kernel: The core of the Linux operating systems, created and maintained by Linus Torvalds Tor Browser: Browse the web anonymously with the custom and private web browser from the Tor project KDE Frameworks: This project contains all the KDE libraries and code base for KDE applications and platform darktable: Your personal virtual lighttable and darkroom, photography workflow & RAW management application LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Reader comments Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Released for Linux & SteamOS, AMD GPUs Aren't Supported more on: Deus Ex: Mankind Divided i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Trending: 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Video: Angry at Apple 6 big ideas in digital transformation Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Healthcare, retail industries give blockchain a try Best bookmark managers for Google Chrome Review: BIO-key’s plug-in fingerprint readers for Windows 10 computers More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing News A peek inside Microsoft Azure’s open-source server and rack designs Project Olympus has been donated to the Open Compute Project More like this Microsoft offers open source designs to Open Compute Project Inside a hyperscale data center (how different is it?) Take a look inside Microsoft’s Quincy, Wash. data center on IDG Answers What does "used com.android.phone" on myactivity.google.com mean? Microsoft has open sourced Project Olympus, which provide the basic design specifications for servers and racks that make up the Azure cloud. Credit: Microsoft Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Comments By Brandon Butler Follow Network World | Nov 1, 2016 12:04 PM PT RELATED TOPICS Cloud Computing Data Center Open Source Microsoft Comments Microsoft this week has open sourced the design specifications of servers and racks that make up its hyperscale Azure cloud data centers, contributing the information to the Open Compute Project (OCP). OCP was founded in 2011 and now includes member companies such as Facebook, Intel, Google, Apple, Dell, Rackspace, Cisco, Juniper Networks, Goldman Sachs, Fidelity and Bank of America, who share design specifications for hardware used in their data centers. OCP is meant to be an open-source community where member companies share how they buy and configure components used to make data center equipment. Microsoft joined OCP in 2014 and has contributed server and data center designs for its Azure cloud. This week the company announced that it will contribute Project Olympus, which are a series of hardware design specifications for “next-generation hyperscale hardware design,” the company said in a blog post. +MORE AT NETWORK WORLD: Hewlett Packard Enterprise and Mirantis cut OpenStack cloud staff | Interactive map of Amazon, Microsoft and Google’s IaaS cloud regions + “With this announcement you have one of the industry’s leading cloud providers sharing what they think the optimal cloud server design looks like,” says Ed Anderson, Research vice president, Cloud Services at Gartner. “Microsoft is deploying servers based on OCP in their cloud data centers, which provides a pretty good guide for hardware vendors to target that market.” Microsoft says about 90% of servers it buys for Azure data centers are based on OCP specifications. Project Olympus includes the following components: New universal motherboard; High-availability power supply with included batteries; 1U/2U server chassis; High-density storage expansion; A new universal rack power distribution unit (PDU) for global data center interoperability; And a standards compliant rack management card. Kushagra Vaid, general manager of Azure hardware infrastructure, wrote in a blog post that open source hardware sharing is not as agile and iterative as open source software. Microsoft is hoping to change that by submitting server and rack designs when they are about 50% complete. “By sharing designs that are actively in development, Project Olympus will allow the community to contribute to the ecosystem by downloading, modifying, and forking the hardware design just like open source software,” Vaid wrote. Anderson, the Gartner analyst, says the more mega-scale cloud vendors are willing to share about their hardware specifications, the better it will be for the broader industry. “This immediately benefits hardware providers through the sharing of technology advancements,” he notes. “It also sheds some additional light into the server capabilities Microsoft is using to power their cloud data centers. While there may be some downstream benefits for enterprise hardware buyers, the real beneficiaries are those building scale-out services.” This story, "A peek inside Microsoft Azure’s open-source server and rack designs " was originally published by Network World. RELATED TOPICS Cloud Computing Data Center Open Source Microsoft Brandon Butler — Senior Editor Senior Editor Brandon Butler covers the cloud computing industry for Network World by focusing on the advancements of major players in the industry, tracking end user deployments and keeping tabs on the hottest new startups. The latest in IT services? CIO hired guns View Comments You Might Like Join the discussion Be the first to comment on this article. Our Commenting Policies What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise How hybrid infrastructure fuels IT velocity Popular Resources White Paper API Use Case White Paper BARC Paper: The Benefits of an Integrated Approach to BI and Planning White Paper Cloud Business Analytics: A Step Closer to Pervasive Adoption of Decision Support Services Video/Webcast Sponsored Data Visualizations for Mobile Users White Paper EMA Research Analytics in the Cloud Go Top Stories 3D printer owners rate the best 14 machines Online user community 3D Hubs has published its third annual 3D Printer Guide for 2017, based on... No, Twitter -- a mute button for hate speech won’t work A mute button for notifications is not much of a step toward curbing online harassment. Twitter needs... The long decline of online freedom According to Freedom House’s 2016 report, freedom on the internet is in its sixth year of decline.... First look: The 13-in MacBook Pro's Touch Bar wows The innovative new Touch Bar in the MacBook Pro brings back something that's been missing from Macs in... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Answers IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »

Anil Dash A Blog About Making Culture About Best Of Most Popular More » Try ThinkUp Hey! You're spending all that time on Facebook and Twitter, shouldn't you be getting more out of it? ThinkUp makes your social networks fun again. August 19, 2016 There is no “technology industry” The label’s become too big to be useful, and tech could suffer for it. Quick: What do an auto leasing provider, a condiment company and the producers of a serious TV drama have in common? If your answer is “almost nothing”, then you’re right. If your answer is “they have such similar roles in society that they should be regulated and reported on the same way”, then congratulations—you still believe there’s “tech industry”. Uber is providing predatory sub-prime leases to its drivers through its subsidiary Xchange. Mayonnaise startup (yes, 🙄) Hampton Creek is under SEC investigation for buying back its own mayo. Amazon is going toe-to-toe with companies like HBO with a prestige series like Transparent. And absurdly, we’re expecting lawmakers, the media and average consumers to understand these wildly different offerings—and countless more ranging from mattresses to medical testing—as part of one single, endlessly complex, industry. That’s an impossible task, and a bad way to think about technology’s role in society. Perpetuating the myth of a monolithic “tech industry” overtaxes our ability to manage the changes that technology is making to society, and that overload threatens to have increasingly negative impacts. Once upon a time, it made perfect sense to talk about “the high tech industry” in America — pioneering companies like Intel or Fairchild Semiconductor or IBM or Hewlett Packard made computer processors and related hardware, and most of the companies in Silicon Valley dealt with actual silicon from time to time. These companies offered competing products that shared a market, a set of customers, and sometimes even had employees in common when talent would move from one company to another. But today, the major players in what’s called the “tech industry” are enormous conglomerates that regularly encompass everything from semiconductor factories to high-end retail stores to Hollywood-style production studios. The upstarts of the business can work on anything from cleaning your laundry to creating drones. There’s no way to put all these different kinds of products and services into any one coherent bucket now that they encompass the entire world of business. It’s no wonder that those who most closely follow the challenges of today’s media environment feel that “coverage of the tech sector presents one of the most profound accountability challenges in modern journalism” — what journalist could credibly switch from covering Apple’s water consumption at its newest data center to evaluating whether fashionistas will embrace the latest Hermès-branded Apple Watch accessory? The danger isn’t simply that some blogger won’t know how to review the latest gadgets. Put simply, every industry and every sector of society is powered by technology today, and being transformed by the choices made by technologists. Marc Andreessen famously said that “software is eating the world”, but it’s far more accurate to say that the neoliberal values of software tycoons are eating the world. Peter Thiel is all-in for Donald Trump, who publicly suggested replacing our military’s digital communications with human couriers carrying paper missives—clearly this techie’s top priority is not feeding the planet to the all-consuming software beast. Similarly, it’s easiest to understand Uber as a machine for converting publicly-planned metropolitan transportation networks into privately-controlled automated dispatch systems; the fact that an app is used to achieve that transition is almost incidental to the overarching goal of owning a market. And what does a company like Uber have in common with a social platform like Pinterest, except that both employ some coders who know how to make iPhone apps? Precious little. But why is a “tech industry” bad? “So what?” you ask. Sure, technology companies have become complex conglomerates, but why does it matter what we call the industry overall? The reason is simple: A reductive name for the industry masks an enormous set of social challenges that we need to tackle quickly. Mature industries develop their own regulatory frameworks, their own systems for self-regulation, and their own standards for monitoring transgressions within the industry. Today, tech as an industry is almost completely lacking in all of these areas. When the financial meltdown happened in 2008, we knew that banks and other financial institutions were part of an industry for which we had created a regulatory and administrative framework, even if that infrastructure was woefully unprepared to handle the task. We can criticize how the SEC responded to the financial crisis, but what would it have looked like if we hadn’t even had an SEC? That’s the situation we may find ourselves in soon as the financial arms of technology companies continue to present themselves as tech rather than finance, even as Uber sets up Xchange to be a new-era GMAC. When we see a company like Theranos unravel from being a widely-lauded medical technology pioneer to being investigated in a criminal probe for misrepresenting its products, one of the reasons the scam could be perpetuated for so long was because the company, its founder and its investors all shielded themselves under the cultural cover of being a glamorous member of the “tech industry” rather than a prosaic medical supplier. This also contributes to spreading tech’s well-known shortcomings around inclusion and diversity into new fields. Today, companies described as tech startups are doing everything from making mayonnaise to preparing grilled cheese sandwiches to delivering pizza. But given that companies ranging from AirBNB to Uber have relied on their status as “tech companies” to systematically shirk inconvenient laws in each new city they enter, we can expect that at least one of these food companies entering the market as part of the “tech industry” are going to similarly find the rules around sanitation and inspection too onerous and use their tech status to evade health regulations. So what’s the answer? The first place to start may be simply be in more precise language about the companies that are shaping our society. Rather than accepting that a company like Facebook, which knows more about our personal lives than any entity that’s ever existed, is simply “tech”, we should talk about it as an information broker, as an agent of government surveillance, as a media publisher, as a producer of unmanned drones, or in any other specific description that will assign appropriate accountability and context to their actions. Should Facebook be regulated like an airline if they eventually develop a fleet of flying aircraft? Maybe! Or maybe not! But we should allow experts in that domain make the determination—and that will only happen if we talk about the company as it is. Similarly, when we talk about a young company, simply describing it as “a tech startup” is not a meaningful signifier. Every single new company in existence relies on technology, so we must be diligent in calling a mayo company a condiment provider, lest we allow it to end up with “tech industry”-style economics that drive it to absurdities like secret bulk purchasing of aioli. All it takes is a little discipline in how we communicate. How we talk to each other, to our lawmakers, to the media—each of those little shifts will affect how we think about the impact that tech-enabled companies are having on the world. There’s no doubt that technology itself can have a hugely positive impact. But ensuring that it does may depend on us taking apart the idea that technology is created or sustained by a “tech industry” in the first place. Tweet Tags: Embed: <script type='text/javascript' src='http://anildash.com/2016/08/there-is-no-technology-industry.js'></script> New York-Style Tech Fifteen is the past Archives 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016   Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan Jan   Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb Feb   Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar Mar   Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr Apr   May May May May May May May May May May May May May May May May May   Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jun Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Jul Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Aug Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Sep Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct Oct   Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov Nov   Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec Dec  
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Surface Book with Performance Base, Keyboard, Ergonomic Keyboard and Mouse lands on Amazon 1 by Mehedi Hassan  @mehedih_ Nov 1, 2016 at 18:50 GMT2 weeks ago Last week at its Windows 10 event, Microsoft announced a sweet new upgrade to the Surface Book. The company is calling the improved Surface Book the “Surface Book with Performance Base” which offers 30% more battery life than the original Surface Book, a redesigned thermal system, Intel’s 6th gen Core i7 processors, but it’s also a bit thicker and heavier than the original Surface Book. Microsoft has been taking pre-orders for the new Surface Book on its official stores since last week — but, you can now get the device from Amazon as well. Amazon is only selling the 512GB and 1TB variant of the new Surface Book with Performance Base, so you will have to get the 256GB variant from the Microsoft Store if you aren’t willing to spend for than $2400. Along with the Surface Book with Performance Base, Amazon has also started selling the new Surface accessories that were introduced with the Surface Studio. Amazon is now selling the new Surface Keyboard, Surface Mouse, and the new Surface Ergonomic Keyboard in the United States — however, the Surface Studio itself and Surface Dial isn’t available for purchase at Amazon just yet. If you are interested in buying any of the new Surface products, you can get them from the link below: Microsoft Surface Book (Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, 1TB) with Performance Base ($3299) Microsoft Surface Book (Intel Core i7, 16GB RAM, 512GB) with Performance Base ($2799) Surface Keyboard ($99) Surface Mouse ($49.99) Surface Ergonomic Keyboard ($129.99) Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related microsoft Surface surface book Surface Book i7 Surface Book with Performance Base Surface Ergonomic Keyboard Surface Keyboard Surface Mouse Surface Studio windows 10 Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending WhatsApp for Windows Phone updated with many new features by Surur 0 Trending Microsoft announces Visual Studio for Mac by Pradeep 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 21: All About Alcatel’s superphone by Andrew Bennett on November 11, 2016 During this week’s episode of the MSPoweruser Podcast, Vernon E. L. Smith and Andrew Bennett cover some of the week’s Microsoft news. This week’s topics include the Alcatel Idol 4S... Subscribe Now Windows 10 ‘Battlefield 1’ November update released for Xbox One and PC by Greg Jordan on November 16, 2016 DICE has just released the fall update for the Xbox One, PC, and PS4. The update is 1.6 GB PC and 1.9 GB on Xbox One. The update includes a number of gameplay changes based on community feed... Tablo over-the-air DVR app now available on Xbox One by Pradeep Tablo over-the-air DVR app is now available for Xbox One in the US and Canada. Download the app from Xbox Store to begin watching live and recorded Over-the-Air TV. Tablo is a network-based ... HP announces the world’s first mini workstation by Pradeep HP today announced the world’s first mini workstation targeting users in CAD and other compute-intensive industries.The new HP Z2 Mini is only 2.3” high is 90% smaller than a traditional... ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ Survival DLC comes to Xbox One an... by Greg Jordan Xbox U.S. today announced that the long awaited “Survival” DLC update for ‘Tom Clancy’s: The Division’ will arrive to Xbox One and PC on November 22. This is f... Windows 10 will soon allow third-party alarm apps to break-through Quiet Hours by Sean Chan A very neat feature on Windows 10 is Quiet Hours, which allows users to stop notifications from apps during a certain period of the day/night. Quiet Hours can also be quite useful when you a... Deals Deals Microsoft Store to offer great deals on Surface, Windows 10 PCs and Xbox for this Black Friday Along with the great deals on Xbox One consoles and Xbox games, Microsoft today announced that they will be offering great deals from Microsoft Store for this Black Friday. Find the details ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3/128GB SSD and Alcantara Type Co... BestBuy retail stores are now offering a great deal on the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Xbox One clearance sale now available from Microsoft Store UK, save up to £200 Microsoft Store UK is going early with the Black Friday Deals. Today, Microsoft Store UK has started selling Xbox One bundles starting at just £199. For example, you can get the Xbox One ... HP’s Black Friday Sale deals revealed, includes several Windows laptops HP’s Black Friday Sale deals were revealed yesterday. It includes number of Windows laptops, desktops, PC accessories, monitors, etc,. For example, you can save up to $729 on HP Elit... Deal: Get $150 off Lenovo Yoga 910 2-in-1 PC from Microsoft At IFA 2016, Lenovo announced its Yoga 910, the successor to the popular Yoga 900 convertible laptop. Yoga 910 comes with a 13.9-inch 4K display, redesigned keyboard, a larger trackpad, a fi... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and 128GB storage for $899 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $100 for the Core i5/128GB Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4G... Deal: Microsoft offering Xbox One S Bundle and free game for $299 Despite Black Friday being right around the corner, Microsoft believes that you shouldn’t have to wait to enjoy the savings off of its newest console. That’s why from November 4 ... Deal: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core m3 and 128GB storage for $749 Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of $150 for the entry level Surface Pro 4 device in the United States. You can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core m3, 128GB SSD and 4GB ... Deal: Get huge discounts on the original Surface Book Amazon US is now offering huge discounts on the original Surface Book device. The entry-level Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for just $1199.... Deal: Entry-level Surface Book now available for just £1,049 John Lewis is now offering the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book for just £1,049. Entry-level Surface Book comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM, 128GB storage and detachable 13.5”... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2016 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
null
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery expand The New Razer Stealth Is a Great Laptop Disguised as a Gaming PC Alex Cranz | Gizmodo MediaNov 1, 2016, 09.51 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit RazerImage Credit All images: Alex Cranz/Gizmodo I'd customized the brightly lit keyboard of the Razer Stealth with all the meticulousness of a gamer, but I hadn't just customized it for games. When it opened up Photoshop, the most mundane of apps, and the entire keyboard was a rainbow of colored keys. The Heal key was green, the Move key was blue, and the Crop key was red. While not as fancy as the MacBook Pro's new Touch Bar or the customizable OLED keys on the old Razer Blade Pro, this was a little spec of useful customizability for productive people, and it comes in a $1250 gaming laptop. MSI, Origin, and even Asus all have laptops with customizable keyboards, so the tech isn't new, but typically, it's only been used in big beefy laptops that require two hands to carry and have screens that take up the entire width of your lap. The Razer Stealth, now in its second iteration, is thus a rare laptop. It's got all the design trappings of a gaming laptop, but in a body that weighs just 2.84 pounds. This year's model takes the successes of the original Stealth, and makes them even better with software tweaks and more powerful guts. At first glance the Razer Stealth is unmistakably for gamers. It's svelte casing is anodized black aluminum that absorbs the grease off your fingers like the paper wrapper off a cheeseburger. The trackpad's one of the absolute best you can find on a Windows laptop. It responds to your every whim and even makes gaming a joy. Usually gaming on a trackpad is anything but. The keyboard, before you customize it, slowly rotates between the colors of the rainbow, the light of the keys reflecting off the shiny touchscreen (available in a 1080p or 4k version). The Razer symbol on the top of the case is a dim green when the laptop is powered off, but glows bright as soon as it's on-A loud declaration that this thing is for GAMERS. But Razer has realized that while it makes a fantastic laptop with one of the sharpest designs out there, not everyone wants to shout their hobbies out to the world like a sixteen year old who shops at Hot Topic. So you can use Razer's Synapse software to customize the lights on the keyboard, setting them to a cool "mature" white or applying specific colors to specific keys when the system enters specific programs, and with this year's Stealth you can even dim the logo. They're little things, but they lend the Razer Stealth a frank elegance that gaming laptops usually lack. This is a laptop you can whip out at the airport or a coffee shop and not worry about the confused looks from regular folks that gaming laptops normally warrant. And to be fair to the Razer Stealth, it's really only a gaming laptop in so much that it is made by Razer, one of the grand poobahs of PC gaming. The Stealth doesn't actually have a discrete graphics card, so gaming works via the Intel Kaby Lake i7-7500u CPU with an integrated GPU. This is the first Razer laptop with Kaby Lake inside, and it proves that Intel's seventh generation processor lives up to the hype surrounding its gaming capabilities. It's more than enough to play the beta of Gwent or Civilization VI or Overwatch on medium settings, though it quickly choked when I turned on Battlefield 1 for the first time and stayed fairly unplayable even at the lowest graphics settings. The USB-C port handles charging duties, but can also be connected to the Razer Core for external GPU magic. There's a USB 3 and HDMI port on the opposite side. Razer sells an external GPU system, the Razer Core, that could make playing big games possible. It makes use of the Stealth's Thunderbolt port-and is theoretically usable with any laptop that has a Thunderbolt port. Yet between the Core itself ($500) and a solid video card (a minimum of $250) its an additional investment that jacks the price of the cheapest Razer Stealth to $1750...which is still cheaper than that new MacBook Pro. Sans the Core the Razer feels kind of like a deal. Besides being far more affordable than even the cheapest MacBook Pro, it's also $50 cheaper than the new Dell XPS 13 with the same Kaby Lake processor. The two laptops are of similar build quality and weight, but thanks to a tiny bezel the XPS 13 can squeeze a 13.3-inch display into a chassis a full inch smaller than the Razer Stealth and nearly one pound lighter. So what you save in cash on the Razer Stealth you pay for in bulk (and a 12.5 inch display). This thing feels crazy thin despite technically being larger than the XPS 13. You also lose out on battery life. The Razer Stealth lasted less than an hour and a half playing Civilization VI on battery. It faired better when tasks were limited to browsing the web and listening to music (an average 6 hours), but it's not an all day computer like the Dell XPS 13. You'll want to keep the small USB-C charger handy. Despite some additional bulk and paltry battery life, the Razer Stealth might just be my favorite laptop this year (though I've only spent an hour with the new MacBook Pro thus far). The Razer Stealth is a great blend of form and functionality, with a colorful keyboard and one of the best trackpads available on a laptop today. If you're looking for a small laptop that's big on power and attractive design than do yourself a favor and consider the Razer Stealth. It might scream gamer, but this one's good for the rest of us too. README A trackpad that doesn't make you instantly question your decision to use a Windows device. Keyboard has incredible customization, which is useful for anyone in gaming or productivity. Battery life leaves a lot to be desired. I managed about 6 hours with light use and just 1.5 with heavy duty use. It's bulkier than the comparable Dell XPS 13 and has a smaller display, but is also about $5o cheaper. While it doesn't have a discrete graphics card, it's actually perfectly fine for less graphics intensive games. This year's Stealth allows you to dim the bright green logo. It also comes with Kaby Lake, a welcome improvement for anyone in need of a speed boost. One of the best looking laptops available. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: Razerrazer stealth reviewrazer stealthGaming laptop Follow Gizmodo on facebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to Gizmodo Write for Us Next StoryApple Patent Reveals Its Latest Foldable iPhone Concept Comments () Characters Remaining: 3000 SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION X Sort By:NewestOldestDiscussedUp VotedDown Voted More from this author Your Unsecure Devices Contributed to a Huge Rise in Internet Outages This Year Google's VR Headset Is So Comfortable I Never Want to Take It Off The Next Big Thing In Filmmaking Has Come to YouTube Related stories Razer Blade Review: The Best Gaming Laptop Just Got Even Better HP Just Built a Gaming Laptop. Seriously. Razer Has a Gaming Problem Alienware 13 Review: The First Futureproof Gaming Laptop A Water-Cooled Gaming Laptop is Sublime Overclocked Overkill Personalized Recommendations Editor's Picks The XX Story: How this British Indie Pop Trio is bringing the electronic inside pop like nobody else How to transfer photos from an iPhone directly to a Flash Drive Xiaomi’s Mi Mix first impressions: Right out of Minority report Mi Sad: Xiaomi’s Mi Note 2 and Mi Mix not coming to India Addressing The Elephant In The Room: Is The Mi Note 2 Better Than The Galaxy Note 7? Mi Note 2 first impression: Xiaomi’s Galaxy Note 7, but better Hot Right Now Bald Eagle Metaphor Ends Perfectly Your Unsecure Devices Contributed to a Huge Rise in Internet Outages This Year Threat Detection CEO Suspended for Threatening to Kill Donald Trump Google Says It Plans to Pull Ads From Fake News Sites LeEco CEO Admits the Company Is Growing Too Fast Scientists: The Future Is Shit Canada Confirms a Stampede of Americans Crashed Immigration Website on Election Night Is Donald Trump the E-Savior Vapemericans Have Been Waiting For? The Critical Tech Issues Donald Trump Has to Face Swedish Prosecutors Are Going to London for a Friendly Chat With Julian Assange Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Related Content Trending on social Nokia Android phone to release in Q1 2017, specs leaked This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask This is what Delhi needs, Xiaomi's new Mi Air Mask Blackberry's last, most powerful Android phones launched in India Google Pixel XL may be the best phone in the world and you don't know it AdAge Unicorns #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 1) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 2) #AdAgeUnicorns: The Mahesh Murthy Interview (Part 3) #AdAgeUnicorns: Prasoon Joshi, The Ad Man Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » HUFFINGTON POST The Good, The Bad And The Ugly Smartphone 'Fans' After Google Phone, We Might See Google Watches Freedom 251 Maker Launches LED TV For ₹9900 Times of India Technology Apple iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus price details revealed, goes up to Rs 92,000 Apple slashes prices of iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus by up to Rs 22,000 WhatsApp privacy policy challenged in Delhi High Court: 5 things to know Apple iOS 10 surpasses iOS 9 in early adoption in just 24 hours Gadgets Now Shop Yu Yureka Plus - 16GB (Moondust Grey) ₹ 6499BUY13MP Cam, 2GB RAM Lava A97 4G VoLTE - 8GB (Black & Grey) ₹ 5199BUY5" Screen, 4G VoLTE LG K10 - 16GB (Blue) ₹ 12610BUY2GB RAM, 5.3" Screen About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS TIMES GLOBAL PARTNERS Times Global Partners is an initiative focused on partnering with Established and Emerging Global Digital Companies for growing their presence and business in India through growth in their Brand, audience, adoption, distribution and monetization. Copyright @ 2016. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
× Subscribe Home News Features Blogs Events Videos Media Kit Contacts About Industry Links Topics Cabling Clean Technology Communications Technology Data Centres Mobility Networks Standards Telecom The Cloud Digital Edition View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives Subscribe News Dell and Intel study portrays future of the Canadian workplace November 1, 2016   by Paul Barker Topics Mobility Networks Standards Telecom The Cloud More News Print this page Tweet When it comes to technology adoption in Canada, it seems that homes are smarter than traditional workplaces. Over a third of Canadian employees (35%) who took part in a global study conducted by research firm PSB, as commissioned by Dell and Intel, say their home tech is more cutting-edge than work tech. This point of view is even more prominent among employees in large enterprises (41%). Furthermore, findings from the 2016 Future Workforce Study unveiled that two in five (42%) Canadian employee respondents say their workplaces are not smart enough and only four in ten (39%) expect to be working in a smart office over the next five years, much lower than the 57% of global respondents. The study of nearly 4,000 full-time employees of small, medium and large businesses from 10 countries, including 300 Canadians, sheds light on other workplace- related areas and trends where Canada differs. Just over three in four Canadian respondents (77%) say they are satisfied with the technology at work, which may explain why nearly half (45%) of respondents favour low-tech office perks over high-tech perks (compared to 29% globally). The majority of Canadian respondents (9 in 10) also place higher value on face-to-face interaction in the workplace (compared to 57% globally) with over half (52%) who don’t believe that remote communication tech will replace face-to-face conversations. Surprisingly, this stance is also echoed among millennial employees. “While Canadians might not be early adopters of tech in the workplace at present, employers should not rest on their laurels as change is on the horizon,” said Carolyn Rollins, chief marketing officer, Dell EMC Canada. “Generational shifts and the increased participation of millennials and younger in the workforce bring growing expectations that their employers integrate the latest technologies seamlessly and securely into their working lives. While this may seem daunting for employers, it’s a business-critical opportunity for Canadian companies to be at the forefront of the future workplace and enable the future workforce.” Like other regions surveyed, Canadian millennials are pushing the envelope in driving the next workplace evolution. Forty-six per cent of millennial respondents believe they will work in a ‘smart’ office that uses the Internet of Things (IoT) within the next five years. Furthermore, 3 in 4 (75%) agree that the technology they use in the office make their work responsibilities easier and more than half (52%) agree their own jobs could be made easier with Artificial Intelligence.   Paul Barker Editor, Connections+ Magazine All posts by Paul Barker Print this page Tweet Related WCT takes ‘dead aim’ at lack of women in top jobs Ericsson targets ‘digital economy’ with pre-MWC launch IBM cloud service can turn tweets into ‘business insights’ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * E-mail * Website Current Issue View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives Video Industry Panel V3 – Question 3 Fluke Networks to hold LinkWare Live info sessions CenturyLink to acquire Level 3 Communications The Magazine for ICT Professionals Explore The Cloud Cabling Enterprise Network Architecture LEED Standards Mobile Internet Data Centres Clean Technology Network Security Communications Technology Mobility Telecom Networks Services Print Subscription E-newsletter Subscription Media Kit Contacts Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Soramitsu's Iroha Distributed Ledger Platform Accepted by the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Project as the Third Platform with Incubation Status News provided by Soramitsu Co., Ltd. Nov 01, 2016, 12:00 ET Share this article TOKYO, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Soramitsu Co., Ltd. (Co-CEOs: Makoto Takemiya, Ryu Okada; hereafter, Soramitsu) developed an open source distributed ledger (i.e., blockchain [1]) platform, Iroha, and submitted it to the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Project as an incubation sub-project. Iroha was accepted into incubation status and will join IBM's Fabric and Intel's Sawtooth Lake as the third distributed ledger project with incubation status. Iroha is a new distributed ledger platform that was developed from scratch and proposed to the Hyperledger Project by Soramitsu, NTT Data, and Israeli startup Colu, among others, on September 26th, 2016, in Geneva, Switzerland. On October 13, 2016, Iroha was officially accepted into incubation status. Continue Reading Soramitsu's Iroha Distributed Ledger Platform Accepted by the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Project as the Third Platform with Incubation Status Iroha aims to provide a secure and decentralized data management platform for financial institutions, as well as many other fields, such as healthcare and logistics. Using the custom "Sumeragi" consensus algorithm, Iroha aims to provide consistent transaction finality within 2 seconds, making the platform useful for many real-world scenarios. To provide high throughput scaling to thousands of transactions per second, Iroha uses UDP multicast and C++ for data processing. To explore use cases and work to increase the viability of the Iroha platform, Sompo Holdings Inc. is working with Soramitsu to create derivatives on top of the distributed ledger. The University of Tokyo, the University of Aizu, and the Center for Global Communications (GLOCOM) of the International University of Japan, are also working with Soramitsu to study the economics of local currencies and their effects on regional development. Joint research in the area around Aizu, in Fukushima Prefecture, Japan, will include experiments using local currencies running on Iroha. In addition, with Rakuten Securities, Inc., Soramitsu has announced that they are working together to develop a KYC [2] system using blockchain technology. Mizuho Information & Research Institute, Inc., is also exploring the use of Iroha. Soramitsu is committed to the development of blockchain systems that can contribute to society by providing safe and secure data management. Partners who want to contribute to Iroha and also work with Soramitsu on creating services, especially a digital identity KYC service for financial institutions, are invited to contact Soramitsu. Iroha is open source and anyone can contribute to it at http://github.com/hyperledger/iroha. What is Iroha? -- Simple architecture, easy to understand and to develop for -- Distributed ledger technology and smart contract platform -- New Byzantine Fault Tolerant consensus algorithm, called Sumeragi -- Java-based smart contracts -- Simple issuance and transfer of digital assets, such as currencies and points -- Mobile and web application development platforms Expected use-cases for Iroha (among others) -- Settlement -- Contract management -- Securities clearing -- Development of financial products such as insurance -- Supply chain management -- Smart grid -- Trade finance -- KYC [2] -- Notary and time stamp services -- Sharing economy -- Healthcare -- IoT About the use of trademarks All company, product names, and trademarks, are the property of their respective owners. About Soramitsu Soramitsu is a Japanese startup founded in February of 2016, focusing on blockchain and distributed ledger technology. Currently, Soramitsu is developing a platform for managing digital identities. Since identity management is required for many disparate services, building a digital identity platform on blockchain technology is an important way to manage identity for applications involving many different players. Soramitsu is a member of the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Project. The Hyperledger Project aims to create global standards for blockchain and distribution ledger technology, with the aim of providing practical solutions for businesses and meeting the needs of society. [1] Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technology (DLT) are software systems that provide a protocol for value transfer over the Internet. [2] Know Your Customer (KYC) is a regulatory requirement that financial institutions have for verifying the identity of their customers (usually with the goal of preventing illegal activity and money laundering). Press Contact Ryu Okada Tel: +81-3-5843-8914 email: info@soramitsu.co.jp Corporate URL: http://soramitsu.co.jp Iroha Project URL: http://iroha.tech Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161101/434688 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/soramitsus-iroha-distributed-ledger-platform-accepted-by-the-linux-foundations-hyperledger-project-as-the-third-platform-with-incubation-status-300355032.html SOURCE Soramitsu Co., Ltd. Sep 26, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: Soramitsu Announces "Iroha," a Proposal to the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Project My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Sep 26, 2016, 08:00 ETSoramitsu Announces "Iroha," a Proposal to the Linux Foundation's... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Banking & Financial Services Networks You just read: Soramitsu's Iroha Distributed Ledger Platform Accepted by the Linux Foundation's Hyperledger Project as the Third Platform with Incubation Status News provided by Soramitsu Co., Ltd. Nov 01, 2016, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

null
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Apple may be addressing biggest problem with new MacBook Pro A new report from KGI Securities said that Apple may be dropping prices on its new MacBook Pro line and adding a 32GB RAM option in late 2017. By Conner Forrest | November 1, 2016, 7:05 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: CNET When Apple unveiled its latest MacBook Pro line in late October, there was one glaring problem with the listed specifications—the RAM tops out at 16GB. For an average user, that should be more than enough, but for power users (the target market for the machine), it may fall short. However, according to a report from KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo that was obtained by AppleInsider, this may only be a temporary problem. In the report, Kuo predicted that the second half of 2017 will see a refreshed MacBook Pro line that will include price cuts and a 32GB RAM option. The memory option is dependent on the release of Intel's Cannonlake processors, Kuo said. If the Cannonlake processors don't ship in time, Apple would likely have to use the Intel Coffee Lake processors and would still be limited to a 16GB option, AppleInsider reported. SEE: Apple MacBook Pro 2016: The smart person's guide Kuo's report notes that the switch to USB-C and the limited memory options seem to be a disappointment to users, and he predicted that older MacBook demand would remain steady through mid-2017. However, in late 2017, when he predicted the prices will fall and the memory options will expand, he said he expects the demand to increase. This will also fit in with the growth of the market for accessories that leverage USB-C technology. More about Mobility CIO Jury: 10 out of 12 tech leaders trust Samsung despite Galaxy Note7 failure IBM Watson is coming to the iPhone, and that's big news for business users Tech Pro Research: Social media policy Subscribe to TechRepublic's Mobile Enterprise newsletter All of these factors have combined to influence what Kuo called "tepid" demand for the new machines. However, this seems to contrast with Apple's supply numbers, as the company sold out of its launch day inventory one day after the new machines were announced. The question on many users' minds is why Apple didn't include the 32GB option in the first place. Apple's Phil Schiller said that any additional memory above 16GB "wouldn't be efficient enough for a notebook." Additional reports seemed to corroborate that claim. Another point of contention raised by some users was Apple's decision to go with the Touch Bar instead of a full touch screen. The Touch Bar itself utilizes a separate ARM processor and a version of watchOS to perform its tasks. The new MacBook Pro marks a departure from the existing line, but Apple is known for making bets on features (or lack of them). Once the device begins shipping, the market will likely see a clearer response to Apple's direction in the space. The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Apple's new MacBook Pro may be getting price cuts and a 32GB RAM option in 2017, according to KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The device was criticized for its high price and lack of memory options, but the company has already sold out of its launch day inventory. The new MacBook Pro is a departure from past models in many ways, especially regarding the Touch Bar implementation and port choices. Click here to subscribe to our Apple Weekly newsletter. Subscribe Also see Apple's new MacBook Pro: 4 things professionals need to know (TechRepublic) Wish your MacBook Pro had touchscreen? Here's what Microsoft will pay you to switch to Surface (ZDNet) New MacBook Pro is an Intel/ARM hybrid, and here's why it's a big deal (TechRepublic) Hands-on: Apple's new MacBook Pro is a looker (ZDNet) Photos: A first look at Apple's brand new MacBook Pro and Apple TV features (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker TL;DR Forums ✕ Tech Wearable Tag Heuer's $9,900 smartwatch is made of solid rose gold New, 15 comments by Ashley Carman@ashleyrcarman Nov 1, 2016, 10:24am EDT share tweet Linkedin Tag Heuer Last year, Tag Heuer debuted the Connected Watch, its first Android Wear smartwatch. Now, the Swiss watchmaker is taking that old design and making it luxurious. The company’s new solid rose gold Connected Watch goes on sale this month for $9,900, as first noted by Hodinkee. Given the hefty price tag, it’ll only be available in retail stores. The new fancy watch isn’t any different from the original Connected Watch features-wise. There’s still the same Intel chip inside, a sapphire crystal coating over its display, and a microphone for voice control. I’m not sure whether adding a rose gold to an existing smartwatch will make it a desirable product. I was hoping rose gold was over. Apple stopped selling its 18-karat gold Apple Watch earlier this year, which started at $10,000 and could reach $17,000. Although Apple failed to win over the luxury watch market, maybe Tag can succeed with its design and branding. The Connected Watch doesn’t look as much like a computer on a wrist as it does a watch that happens to be smart. I’m trying to picture Drake with a $10,000 rose gold watch. It’s kind of working? Correction November 1st, 10:44 AM ET: Corrected to Swiss watchmaker, not Swedish. Next Up In Circuit Breaker You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week Seagate’s new 5TB drive is the largest portable hard drive ever This dock adds ports to your new MacBook by making it a much thicker MacBook Google’s new Wifi mesh routers are now available for preorder Apple is reportedly releasing two versions of its 5.5-inch iPhone next year Netgear's battery-powered security camera now has LTE Now Trending Google PhotoScan turns your prints into high-quality digital images DJI introduces Pro edition of its Phantom 4 drone This Article has a component height of 4. The sidebar size is short. Loading comments... The Latest Apple Tech Apple Music will stream 808 drum machine documentary first by Rich McCormick Apple has negotiated a deal with the creators of 808 — a documentary about the seminal Roland TR-808 drum machine — for exclusive streaming rights through Apple Music. The documentary will appear on Apple’s music service first, on December 9th,... Tech Facebook Now you can use Facebook Messenger in Android Auto by Rich McCormick Facebook Messenger can now integrate with Android Auto, the social network announced today, allowing users of the infotainment platform to hear and reply to messages from friends while driving their cars. In order to use the new feature, you’ll... New, 3 comments Circuit Breaker Gaming Entertainment You'll have only minutes each day to order the NES Classic from Walmart this week by Nick Statt@nickstatt It may be nigh impossible to purchase Nintendo’s NES Classic Edition console right this very second, with stock shortages and sell outs at Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop and many other retailers. But have hope. Once a day, for a few minutes before... New, 7 comments TL;DR Apple Web Apple’s peach emoji is back to looking like a butt by Megan Farokhmanesh@Megan_Nicolett The nerfed peach butt emoji included as part of Apple’s iOS 10.2 update is gone. As spotted today by The Next Web, the third 10.2 developer beta returns the fruit to its curvaceous glory. The peach emoji is, of course, a go-to for anyone who... Google Tech Google CEO says fake news is a problem and should not be distributed by Colin Lecher In an interview with the BBC, Google CEO Sundar Pichai made his first comments on the post-election fake news controversy, and admitted the company has made some mistakes. “We will definitely work to fix it.” "It is important to remember that we... Apps Mobile Business Snapchat just filed for its IPO by Nick Statt@nickstatt Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, has filed confidentially for its initial public offering, according to a report from Bloomberg. The company is seeking to raise as much as $4 billion, which would give it a valuation of between $25... New, 13 comments Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out CXO How women in tech are making progress in Australia, and what the rest of the world can learn Some of Australia's leading tech companies-and divisions of large multinationals-are now led by women. Here's why it may offer 'a glimmer of hope' to one of tech's enduring challenges. By Aimee Chanthadavong | November 1, 2016, 6:00 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Pip Marlow, Microsoft Australia managing director Image: Microsoft Society as a whole has been trying to address the issue of gender equality in the workplace for decades, and the technology sector has been no exception. Women in the tech industry have long been outnumbered by men and by a wider percentage than the rest of the economy, as TechRepublic detailed in our award-winning 2015 cover story that also looked specifically at the challenges in venture capital. But the traditional stereotype of the tech industry is changing in Australia. It is one country where the industry has ramped efforts to purposefully encourage more women to enter the industry, as well as stay and climb the corporate ladder. And, the numbers are starting to reflect it—if only modestly. Australia's IT industry is slightly better at appointing women to leadership roles, in comparison to the rest of the world. Eleven percent of Harvey Nash's respondents to its 2015 CIO Survey were female IT leaders, 2% higher than the global average of 9%. And, if we take a look at some of the major tech companies in Australia, females are starting to take top roles: Pip Marlow, managing director at Microsoft Australia Kate Burleigh, managing director at Intel Australia and New Zealand Karen Stocks, managing director at Twitter Australia Joanne Jacobs, who is a Code Club Australia board member, Telstra industry advisory board member, and NSW government Digital Government Advisory Panel member Within the startup community there are women such as University of New South Wales physics professor Michelle Simmons, who is expected to make real headwinds in quantum computing, after picking up AU$46 million in funding from the Australian government, as well as the Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Telstra. The funds are expected to support Simmons' development of silicon quantum computing technology. Canva founder Melanie Perks, Shoes of Prey co-founder Jodie Fox, ShowPro founder Jane Lu, and OneShift founder Gen George are also among a handful of successful Australian tech entrepreneurs, who all happen to be females. Microsoft's Marlow told TechRepublic that gender inequality as a topic in tech is more important than ever, given companies are out there designing solutions for the general population made up of 50% females. Not only that, it's a huge emerging market, Pip said, pointing to the US, for instance, where women account for $20 trillion in consumer spend every year. "More and more product designs, more and more solutions for customers has to not just be for men, but for women, and putting women at the centre of the technology that is being designed is so important," she said. What are businesses doing to push this further? Over the last few years, one of the first initiatives large organisations including Dell, Twitter, and Microsoft have introduced to combat gender inequality within their companies has been unconscious bias training. While unconscious bias is an ideology that cannot be completely reversed, Psynapse founder Jennifer Whelan said bringing awareness into the equation helps people make more conscious decisions. During the training process, companies are encouraged to openly discuss the contributing factors of unconscious bias to ensure that from the top down there is a cultural awareness, and businesses are putting in place appropriate processes for recruitment, promotion, and performance evaluation. This can vary from including at least one female in the recruitment process on both the applicant and employer side; and consciously giving women the opportunity to rise to leadership roles. "Frankly, everybody took something away from [the unconscious bias training]. It's more than just the gender bias; it's that knowledge you're presenting and the lens you're putting on the world, and how that may influence your decisions or the opportunity you give people," Dell Australia and New Zealand managing director Angela Fox said. Angela Fox, Dell Australia and New Zealand managing director Image: Dell But the unconscious bias training doesn't stop at gender for Microsoft. Marlow's own personal philosophy at the firm is to "lead with inclusion" across gender, as well as skin colour, race, religion, and sexual orientation. Drawing from her own needs as a female leader, Marlow has long been an avid believer in promoting "work-life balance" for both men and women. She said it helps address a common concern for many females who question if they can successfully be a mother, wife, employee, and leader. During her interview with TechRepublic, Marlow admitted despite having an arm injury that prevented her from physically going into the office, she was still able to work from home. With the rise of technology, the line between life and work has blurred, giving people the opportunity to work the hours they want while attending to family life. "We have the technology and the ability now to create creative workplaces, so that actually means that I can attend the swimming carnival or I can go to the school graduation or [a] play, and I can still do my job," Marlow said. "I don't believe work is a place you go; it's a thing you do, and if you take that into account, then you can tap into the minds of 100% of the population." Flexible working hours is also a priority at Dropbox, which recently partnered with Diversity City Careers in an effort to attract and retain women who may also be primary caregivers at home. The need for flexible working hours became apparent to Dropbox Australia managing director Charlie Wood during his days as the founder of SocialCRM. At the time, Wood hired a team of women, who he described as having "amazing talent" but needed flexible working hours because they could only work between 10am to 2pm, and couldn't drive from Sydney's Northern Beaches to the city. The benefits of flexible work practices were also experienced firsthand by Accenture Technology's Livesey, who was promoted while on maternity leave to her current role. She acknowledged it was only possible because of the support of her team. "We talk about 'flexing for life', and that's for all of our staff. It is about helping our teams get what they want out of their career, and, if anything, we're seeing a lot of people feeling—particularly as they've been on maternity leave—really empowered to come back to the business and contribute. But, on their own terms." Pinterest, Twitter, Intel, and Accenture are some companies holding themselves accountable to improving the gender imbalance by publishing diversity data and setting target goals around overall female representation, female representation in management roles, and female representation in engineering—the hardest one to crack. In 2016, Twitter is striving to boost representation for women in the global workforce to 35%, and female representation in tech roles to 16%. The priority for Pinterest this year is to lift female hiring rates for full-time engineers to at least 30%, which in 2015 was only 19%. "You have to be transparent and start looking at the numbers. I think you have to take the attitude of 'stop making excuses'. If there are not enough women there, I think the question is why aren't there enough women there, and start asking very fundamental questions right back to your recruitment process," said Twitter's Stocks, who said it is not uncommon to see no females during a recruitment process. Karen Stocks, Twitter Australia managing director Image: Twitter It's a pipeline issue Regrettably, the lack of women in technology is not only a business issue, but also an education problem. According to the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS), women tend to be underrepresented in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) education and training. In 2015, for example, there were only 3,900 females studying computer science, versus 14,600 males. A similar slew of statistics was also evident in information technology, engineering and related technologies, and electrical and electronic engineering and technology. Communications Minister cum Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull admitted last May the number of students taking up STEM learning has dropped significantly, saying that "the country has gone backwards". "Of our 600,000 workers in ICT, more than half work outside the traditional ICT sector. Seventy-five percent of the fastest-growing occupations require STEM skills, but only half of year 12 students are studying science; that's down from 94% 20 years ago. That is really a retrograde development, and we have to turn that around," Turnbull said. At the end of last year, under its National Innovation and Science Agenda, the Australian government pledged AU$51 million in a bid to help students in Australia embrace the digital age and prepare for the jobs of the future, along with AU$48 million to inspire STEM literacy and AU$13 million to encourage women to take up roles in STEM sectors. The AU$51 million will include the formation of IT summer schools for students in years 9 and 10, an annual Cracking the Code competition for those in years 4 through 12, and online computing challenges for years 5 and 7 students. Teachers will also receive assistance with access to online support for preparing digital technology-based curriculum activities. The Office of the Chief Scientist published the first national STEM Programme Index (SPI) at the beginning of 2016 to give schools access to a list of more than 250 STEM programs such as competitions, excursions, and online activities available to students. Some may argue kids these days are tech savvy enough they don't need to study STEM subjects given that they are born into the digital age. But Intel's Burleigh argued "it couldn't be further from the truth". "You actually get more removed from the technology ... so it's the right thing that we've dumbed it down, but ... you have to be prepared to literally get a screwdriver out, pull your phone or laptop apart, and understand how the technology works. It's that person who does that [that] I want to employ; not the person who knows how to use it," she said. But the onus isn't just on teachers but parents, too, ACS vice president Arnold Wong stressed. He believes parents are guilty of stereotyping tech as an industry for men only. Psynapse's Whelan said any unconscious bias formed at home carries over to how children interact with each other when they go to school, and ultimately impacts students' interests during the "crucial moments" of years 9 and 10 when they have to choose electives. The world of marketing Sera Prince McGill, former Girl Geek Sydney lead organiser, highlighted that since birth, we have all been exposed to the vicious cycle of gender stereotyping—everything from clothes to toys have always been marketed with a gender divide. Such marketing exacerbates the gender bias, she said, and therefore determines what activities are appropriate for each gender. "The result is that women have been systematically socialised away from technology. Marketing has created a societal bias, especially in the '80s and '90s, that computer science was for boys," she said. However, the gender bias hasn't always existed. Dating all the way back to the 1800s, Ada Lovelace was, of course, one of the earliest computer programmers. It wasn't until 1984—the same year Apple released its first Macintosh—that the uptake of computer science by women began to plunge, while studies in medicine, law, and physical sciences continued to surge, as reported by National Public Radio. McGill, drawing on research by Elizabeth Sweet, a sociologist and lecturer at the University of California, suggested from the early 20th century to the 1970s, there were far fewer gendered toys or clothing. Leading the charge of the social-gender divide in technology was the video game industry. "1983 had seen a huge crash in recession in what [the game industry] had been up to ... so one contributing factor was the lack of marketing; so enter the marketers. Their research found children who played games in the 1980s, 70% were boys and 30% were girls," she said. "Games companies wanted to ensure they could move product and create profit, so of course they went after the male demographic only. There is no denying it made them money; Atari and Nintendo became household names. The upshot of this approach was that it spilled into the toys market generally, because if the toy market is divided, there might be a greater chance of profit." Women in business turn to tech Interestingly, many of the women who have risen to the top of technology companies have come into the industry through other fields such as marketing, sales, and accounting. Australia has traditionally become a hub where companies come to establish local presence through a support centre, rather than a central location for product development. Harvey Nash managing director Bridget Gray believes this perception is a contributing factor to why the demand for engineering skills is relatively lower than other skills in Australia. "It's critical that Australia is viewed as a desirable and supportive location for startups and product development if we want to seriously play in the global digital economy," she said. "Australia would be in a better position to offer more opportunities to engineers of all levels, and retain top talent if we were able to attract a greater volume of companies, large and small, to headquarter their product development and innovation centres locally." Intel's Burleigh is one example of the women who have found themselves working for a tech company after spending years in sales and marketing. Given the nature of the sales and marketing industry, where there are typically more females, Burleigh said she never noticed the gender imbalance. It was only when she started putting her hand up for enterprise sales roles that she felt she had to justify her job a little more. Kate Burleigh, Intel Australia and New Zealand managing director Image: Intel "It wasn't that it was harder, but I had to have that second or third conversation that I really was serious and I seriously wanted it, because were a few question marks over could you really do it, and I could never say it was because I was female, or was it because my skills were [such that] I was identified more strongly as a consumer marketer," she said. Due to the lack of females coming through the education pipeline, businesses such as Microsoft have begun broadening their searches—and it's starting to pay off. Women now make up at least 50% of all of Microsoft's new university graduates being hired. Despite decades of roadblocks for women in technology, the answer to the problem is nothing but a social evolution, according to Whelan. She believes that with the attitudes of newer generations changing as they go against "social norms", such as seeing more women work outside of the home, it's only a matter of time before there is an evolutionary breakthrough. There are "glimmers of hope" with female CEOs already leading the likes of Twitter, Intel, Dell, and Spotify in Australia, Marlow said. "This is a time for us to push harder, and drive the change we want to see." Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Aimee Chanthadavong Since completing a degree in journalism, Aimee has had her fair share of covering various topics, including business, retail, manufacturing, and travel. She continues to expand her repertoire as a tech journalist with ZDNet. Full Bio Contact See all of Aimee's content × Full Bio Since completing a degree in journalism, Aimee has had her fair share of covering various topics, including business, retail, manufacturing, and travel. She continues to expand her repertoire as a tech journalist with ZDNet. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Project prioritization tool: An automated workbook IT leader’s guide to the future of artificial intelligence System monitoring policy Hiring kit: Microsoft Power BI developer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> HDD Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Smartphones Mobile Intel Google Snapdragon 821 Pixel Motherboards GPUs Asus Home> HDD LaCie Launches 6big and 12big: Up to 60/120 TB External Storage with Thunderbolt 3 by Anton Shilov on November 1, 2016 9:30 AM EST Posted in HDD Storage Seagate LaCie Thunderbolt 3 6big 12big 40 Comments | Add A Comment 40 Comments + Add A Comment LaCie this week has introduced two new workstation-grade external storage solutions using Thunderbolt 3 with the focus on big on-the-desk data storage. The 6big and 12big devices pack in six or twelve enterprise-grade hard drives respectively and can provide up to 60 TB or up to 120 TB of storage space. The HDDs can be implemented as a JBOD or work in various RAID modes. LaCie’s devices promise to be able to take advantage of Thunderbolt 3’s 40 Gb/s bandwidth by providing up to 1400 MB/s or 2600 MB/s read speeds, which can be important for those who work with UHD video content. The LaCie 6big and 12big DAS with six and 12 drive bays are made of aluminum and come with integrated PSUs and cooling. The storage devices are based on a proprietary platform from LaCie, which supports hardware RAID 0/1/5/6/10/50 modes. Seagate, the owner of the LaCie brand, does not disclose details about the platform behind the new DAS products, but it naturally has a hardware RAID controller (presumably from Seagate’s LSI division) as well as Intel’s Alpine Ridge controller for Thunderbolt 3. The LaCie 6big and the LaCie 12big external storage devices will be sold in various configurations that use different hard drives, all of which support hot swapping and feature 7200 RPM spindle speed. The top-of-the-range 60 TB and 120 TB models use Seagate’s helium-filled Enterprise Capacity 10 TB HDDs rated for 2 million MTBF and 550 TB/year writes unannounced 10 TB HDD. Meanwhile the lower-capacity DAS devices will use Seagate’s Enterprise NAS HDDs rated for 1.2 million hours MTBF and 300 TB/year writes. The LaCie 6big and 12big will initially be available fully populated, and from a performance point of view maximum read and write speeds will mostly depend on RAID modes. Update 11/3: As it appears, the LaCie 6big and 12big DAS do not use Seagate's Enterprise Capacity 10 TB HDDs, but rely on unannounced 10 TB drives from the company. The LaCie 6big and 12big DAS   6big 12big HDDs Unannounced 10 TB HDD Enterprise NAS 8 TB Enterprise NAS 6 TB Enterprise NAS 4 TB Maximum Number of HDDs 6 12 Capacity 60 TB (6 × 10 TB) 48 TB (6 × 8 TB) 36 TB (6 × 6 TB) 24 TB (6 × 4 TB) 120 TB (12 × 10 TB) 96 TB (12 × 8 TB) 72 TB (12 × 6 TB) 48 TB (12 × 4 TB) RAID 0/1/5/6/10/50 RAID 0 Read Speed 1400 MB/s 2600 MB/s Write Speed 1400 MB/s 1700 MB/s RAID 5 Read Speed 1200 MB/s 2400 MB/s Write Speed 1150 MB/s 1200 MB/s Ports 2 × Thunderbolt 3 1 × USB Type-C Fans 2 4 PSU 250 W 400 W Dimensions (W x H x L) 161 × 225 × 237 mm 6.3 × 8.9 × 9.3 inch 161 × 447 × 237 mm 6.3 × 17.6 × 9.3 inch Cables Included USB-C (Thunderbolt 40Gb/s or USB 3.1 10Gb/s) cable USB-C to USB-A cable Power cable Software LaCie RAID Manager LaCie Private-Public for AES 256-bit software encryption Intego Backup Manager Pro Genie Backup Manager Pro Prices 24 TB starts at $3199 48 TB starts at $6399 Both DAS solutions from LaCie feature two Thunderbolt 3 ports, making it possible to daisy-chain a display or another TB3 device to the storage arrays. In addition, the 6big and the 12big are equipped with one USB 3.1 Type-C connector which allows to use them with systems not equipped with TB3, but at considerably lower speeds (i.e., up to 350 – 400 MB/s depending on RAID mode). Gallery: LaCie 6big External Storage Solution with Thunderbolt 3 Like other LaCie’s DAS products with multiple drives, the 6big and the 12big come with the company’s proprietary RAID management software that allows setting them up and then monitoring the condition of the drives. For pricing the LaCie 6big 24 TB starts at $3199 whereas the LaCie 12big 48 TB starts at $6399. Gallery: LaCie 12big External Storage Solution with Thunderbolt 3 Source: LaCie Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 40 Comments View All Comments edward1987 - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Have they been actually tested on new Mac book with Thunderbolt3? There are Couple of Akitio Thunderbolt3 products which are incompatible. And soon coming out Pegasus3. Reply ddriver - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Such a thin, high tower, full of fragile hdd's just begging to be knocked over. Very poor choice. Reply bigboxes - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link In the picture, where is it getting knocked over to? Reply ddriver - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link In the picture it is next to a speaker that will ruin it anyway. Reply bigboxes - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Not true. Do you believe anything you post? Reply dsumanik - Thursday, November 03, 2016 - link And it only costs 3 mortgage payments... I mean come on, the controllers in these things are probably grand total 35 dollars. Chassis should be a 150 bucks max, and BYOD (bring you own disks) Reply Valantar - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Considering the weight of 12 3,5" HDDs, I'd say it would take a significant knock to the top part of the case to make it topple, even if its base is quite small. Gravity can be useful. Reply ddriver - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Unless the center of gravity is low weight does nothing about stability. You could easily knock over a 10 ton steel pole that balances on its base. A horizontal rackmount compatible enclosure would make more sense, plus most professionals out there already have gear racks. Reply Meteor2 - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link This isn't a 10 foot tall steel pole! It's designed to live on or under a desk, so of course it's a tower. If you don't like it, don't buy it. Reply ddriver - Tuesday, November 01, 2016 - link Well golly gee, thanks for the heads up Captain Obvious, I was just about to order! Also, I take it that you like it and will buy it, right? Reply 1 2 3 4 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News OnePlus Launches The OnePlus 3T ECS Preps LIVA Z: Apollo Lake-Based Nettop with 4K and USB-C Support Toshiba Finalizes Plans for New 3D NAND Fab: Coming Online in 2019 AKiTiO Introduces Node: Thunderbolt 3 eGFX Box for $299 AMD @ SC16: Radeon Open Compute Platform (ROCm) 1.3 Released, Boltzmann Comes to Fruition ASUS ROG GT51 Desktop: Overclocked i7-6700K, GTX 1080 SLI, 64 GB DDR4, $4999 HTC Announces the HTC Bolt - A Sprint-Exclusive Smartphone for LTE Plus NVIDIA Announces Record Q3 FY 2017 Results Best Android Phones: Holiday 2016 Alienware 13 R3: Quad-Core CPU, GeForce GTX 1060, QHD OLED, VR Ready AOC Launches the AG352QCX: 35-Inch 200 Hz 2560×1080 Curved Display with Adaptive-Sync BenQ Announces the ZOWIE XL2540: 24-Inch 240 Hz Full-HD Display 'for e-Sports' TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @FouzanWasTaken @IanCutress Sorry, I don't have the 460 version. I have the 455 version, the same as the other press RyanSmithAT: Random PS4 observation: most games don't have manuals. Like at all. IanCutress: @wccftechdotcom source? RyanSmithAT: RT @anandtech: Commercial NAS Operating Systems - A Comprehensive Overview of Core Features https://t.co/alP0HFcLqZ IanCutress: @cavemanjim Give us a shout if you've got time for lunch while you're here IanCutress: @tom_forsyth Hits peak efficiency at the dvfs point then duty cycles. OS still sees non dc freq… https://t.co/QCO9Nvvwgc RyanSmithAT: @XxVcVxX We're not able to reply to everyone. But if your app meets our approval, you should hear from us by mid-December RyanSmithAT: @Dafuqizwrong Many of our editors are part time IanCutress: I can't submit an @EE broadband bug report with dashes or parentheses in description. Wow, that's bad XSS/DB security at the expense of UX. IanCutress: If you're paying someone you describe as an expert to star in an advert for your product, how is said person impartial? ganeshts: @mikinho Definitely. For content consumption / tablet use-cases in mobile devices, USB-C ports are sufficient. Not sure about 'Pro' devices ganeshts: @DanMatte Yup,including TB3 ports is a great value-add for any computing system, but we need other ports also for practical purposes ganeshts: No doubt that USB-C is the future, and adoption should be driven up. The Q is - are notebooks having ONLY those por… https://t.co/kgVGy6Tpip ganeshts: .@Krewell Thunderbolt 3's versatility should be complementary to existing ports, not full-blown replacement. Apple's usage not convincing ganeshts: @guspaz @troywolv That is the problem with ISPs that also deliver TV. IPTV / OTT cut into that revenue segment, caps are a counter Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, November 16, 2016 3:37 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Samsung Electronics to invest more than US$1b in US chip production Tuesday November 1, 2016 09:08 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Klinsman’s most depressing defeat as Team USA coach The Edit: When Nintendo’s Super Mario iPhone game comes out Denver is first US city to allow cannabis in bars, art galleries The Edit: Boston bombing victims tell their stories in ‘Marathon’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said its investment would boost output of chips for mobile and other electronics devices from its existing facilities in the city. — Reuters picSEOUL, Nov 1 ― Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said today it planned to invest more than US$1 billion (RM4.17 billion) by the end of June 2017 to boost production of system chips at its Austin, Texas, facilities in the United States to meet growing demand. The South Korean firm, the world's second-largest chipmaker behind Intel Corp, said in a statement its investment would boost output of chips for mobile and other electronics devices from its existing facilities in the city. The investment comes after Samsung said last week its capital expenditure for 2016 would rise to a record 27 trillion won, with 13.2 trillion won earmarked for its semiconductor business. While most of Samsung's semiconductor profits come from memory chip sales, it has been trying to boost earnings from other products including its own Exynos mobile processors and contract manufacturing deals with clients such as Qualcomm Inc and Nvidia Corp. Samsung did not give further details for its investment plans in Austin, such as how much production capacity would be added. ― Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ananda mulls taking Astro private, report claims Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Ringgit opens lower against US dollar KL shares open higher US, Europe markets rise on rosy economic data Oil slumps as prospect of Trump victory roils global markets Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Malaysia growth push stymied by banks cautious on loans BNM: Ringgit fell against most world currencies in third quarter US stocks decline after rally as election takes centre stage Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: NYC builds sticky notes wall in defiance of Trump Reuters Video: Trudeau arrives in Cuba for state visit Bloomberg Video: Robot fight club Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Reuters Video: Philippines’ Duterte says ‘Long live Trump’ Did you know: The ocean is way deeper than you think Related Articles Samsung buys Harman to remain ally, not threat, to carmakers (VIDEO) Samsung seeks redemption with AI-infused Galaxy S8 phone Samsung Electronics’ third quarter profit guidance beats estimates despite Note 7 woes Samsung targeted by activist investors to restructure company Samsung in talks to buy assets of Fiat auto-parts unit, sources say Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Search the TechTarget Network Join CW+ Login Register Cookies News In Depth Blogs Opinion Videos Photo Stories Premium Content RSS IT Management IT leadership & CW500 IT architecture IT efficiency Governance Innovation Legislation & regulation Operations & support Project management Strategy Supplier management Business issues Sponsored Communities Industry Sectors Healthcare IT Charity IT Business services IT Financial services IT Government & public sector IT Leisure & hospitality IT Manufacturing IT Media & entertainment IT Retail IT SME IT Telecoms & internet Transport & travel IT Utilities IT IT suppliers Technology Topics Datacentre View All Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT Performance, monitoring and optimisation Systems management IaaS Server and Operating Systems PaaS Virtualisation SaaS Desktop virtualisation platforms Enterprise software View All Business applications Business intelligence Cloud applications Collaboration CRM Database ERP Financial applications HR software Middleware Windows Mobile Open source Operating systems SOA Software development Software licensing Virtualisation Web software IT in Europe and Middle East View All IT in Germany IT in Italy IT in Poland IT in Russia IT in Spain IT in the Middle East IT in The Netherlands IT in Turkey IT in France IT in the Nordics Information Management View All Big data Business intelligence and analytics BPM Content management Quality/governance Data warehousing Database management MDM/Integration IT in Asia-Pacific View All IT in ASEAN IT in Australia & New Zealand Internet View All Cloud E-commerce Internet infrastructure Social media Web development IT skills View All Training Jobs Management skills Technical skills Hardware View All Chips & processors Printers Storage Data centre Mobile Networking PC Servers IT security View All Antivirus Secure Coding and Application Programming Continuity Cloud security Data Breach Incident Management and Recovery Endpoint and NAC Protection Cybercrime IAM Risk management Network Security Management Data protection Compliance Regulation and Standard Requirements Security policy and user awareness Web Application Security IT services View All Cloud Consultancy Outsourcing Hosting Offshore Startups Mobile View All Laptop Mobile software Mobile networking Smartphone Tablet Networking View All Datacentre networking Internet of Things Mobile Network hardware Network monitoring and analysis Network routing and switching Network security strategy Network software Software-defined networking Telecoms networks and broadband communications Unified communications VoIP WAN performance and optimisation Wireless Storage View All Cloud storage Compliance and storage Backup Disaster recovery Flash and SSDs Hyper-convergence Disk systems Software-defined storage Storage switches Storage management Virtualisation and storage Please select a category Datacentre Enterprise software IT in Europe and Middle East Information Management IT in Asia-Pacific Internet IT skills Hardware IT security IT services Mobile Networking Storage carloscastilla - Fotolia Using cross-industry collaboration on open standards to address big data in the datacentre Daniel Robinson Efforts are under away across the industry to create open standards to ensure datacentre hardware is equipped to cope with the amounts of information datacentres are required to process in real time This Article Covers Systems management RELATED TOPICS Clustering for high availability and HPC Datacentre backup power and power distribution Datacentre capacity planning Datacentre cooling infrastructure Disaster recovery/security Green IT In this Article Share this item with your network: Related Content High server throughput leads to better utilization, ... – SearchDataCenter CAPI (Common Application Programming Interface) – WhatIs.com Intel E7 v3 designed for scale-up BI workloads – SearchDataCenter Latest News GSMA calls for global 5G agenda Government launches digital trade platform Google to deliver VR tech training to a million UK schoolchildren View All News Latest Blog Posts GUEST BLOG: From baby to boardroom - breaking barriers – WITsend In honour of the greatest reply-all email meltdown of all time – Downtime View All Blogs Download Computer Weekly In The Current Issue: Financial Conduct Authority concerned about cyber security of banks Coca-Cola cloud project bottles rewards for 25,000 staff Cloud backup saves data after fire destroys school Download Current Issue The Gen-Z Consortium was unveiled to the world in October 2016 with the aim of bringing to market a high-performance standard for connecting storage-class memory to processors in a server. Download this free guide Defining the datacentre needs of 21st century enterprises A collection of our most popular articles on datacentre management, including: Cloud vs. Colocation: Why both make sense for the enterprise right now; AWS at 10: How the cloud giant shook up enterprise IT and Life on the edge: The benefits of using micro datacenters Start Download Corporate E-mail Address: You forgot to provide an Email Address. This email address doesn’t appear to be valid. This email address is already registered. Please login. You have exceeded the maximum character limit. Please provide a Corporate E-mail Address. By submitting my Email address I confirm that I have read and accepted the Terms of Use and Declaration of Consent. By submitting your personal information, you agree that TechTarget and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content, products and special offers. You also agree that your personal information may be transferred and processed in the United States, and that you have read and agree to the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. But Gen-Z joins a couple of other nascent standards announced this year – OpenCAPI and CCIX. The former is focused on delivering a standard for connecting hardware (such as GPUs), while the latter is focused on ensuring cache coherency across multiple devices. Common to all three efforts is the realisation that existing server architectures may struggle to cope with the growing volumes of data that applications need to crunch through, and the need for it to be processed in real time (or as quickly as possible) to deliver maximum value. All three initiatives are also focused on the development of open standards, perhaps in an effort to avoid a replay of Intel’s dominant position in server technologies. Interestingly, each consortium counts a number of key industry players among its members, but Intel’s name is notably absent – at least for now. Gen-Z is perhaps the most interesting of the three, in that it is designed to let servers take full advantage of new “storage-class” memory technologies, such as Intel’s 3D XPoint or Magnetoresistive RAM (MRAM). These blur the boundaries between memory and storage, typically offering higher access speeds than flash drives (but not as fast as DRAM), while offering higher densities than the DRAM chips that make up main memory. Support memory semantic operations Another key feature is they support memory semantic operations, so they can be accessed like DRAM instead of being treated like storage, which reads and writes data wholesale in large blocks. Existing interfaces for hooking up storage are not designed for this mode of operation, lack the required bandwidth, and would introduce too much latency. Gen-Z aims to address this with a new interface that can scale to several hundred gigabytes per second, with latency below 100ns. The standard, due for completion by the end of this year, specifies serial links that can be bonded together for more bandwidth, in a similar fashion to lanes in the PCI Express system bus. Gen-Z is being designed to use Ethernet signalling and encoding, which doesn’t mean it is based on Ethernet, just that it allows the use of existing Ethernet line driver silicon for electrical or optical connections. Because Gen-Z supports memory semantic operations, it could also be used to connect DRAM to a processor, but it is not intended to replace the processor’s local memory bus, at least not at first. “There is still a need for highest speed memory to be connected directly to compute, and that’s going to come with DDR5 in the next generation [of servers],” says Kurtis Bowman, Gen-Z Consortium president and director of Server Solutions for Dell EMC. “This [Gen-Z] is a complement that allows for tiering to start to occur with memory like we’ve seen with storage.” Gen-Z permits memory to be connected directly to a host processor as normal, or to be connected via a switched fabric as part of a larger memory pool shared between many processors. The consortium talks about “rack scale resource pools”, which means storage-class memory could be deployed in a separate enclosure in a datacentre rack, in a similar way to storage arrays, allowing for a larger pool than could be fitted inside a single server. Under the hood of OpenCAPI Meanwhile, the OpenCAPI approach holds out the promise of enabling a flexible heterogeneous compute environment in which accelerator hardware such as GPUs and FPGAs can collaborate more effectively on workloads alongside traditional CPUs in a server. OpenCAPI has evolved from CAPI (Coherent Accelerator Processor Interface), a standard that IBM developed for its current Power8 processor chips, which enabled an accelerator connected via the PCI Express bus to share a memory space with CPU cores on the chip. In effect, the accelerator behaves as if it were an on-chip peer to the CPU cores. This eliminates much of the need to transfer data backwards and forwards between CPU and accelerator, boosting applications such as analytics that can involve very large datasets. While CAPI operated as a protocol over the existing PCI Express 3.0 bus, OpenCAPI will be implemented in IBM’s upcoming Power9 chips to operate over a new transport based on Nvidia’s NVLink 2.0 interconnect, which offers a higher speed of 25Gbps per lane. With the OpenCAPI Consortium counting AMD, Dell EMC, Google and HPE among its backers, the standard is likely to see adoption beyond IBM’s Power server systems. AMD’s involvement is of particular note, as the chipmaker is seeking to re-enter the x86 server market soon with its Zen processor-based Opteron offerings, and the firm already has a lot of experience in getting CPU and GPU cores to work closely together. In contrast, Intel is approaching the accelerator problem by working to integrate FPGA capability inside its Xeon server chips. The firm’s acquisition of FPGA specialist Altera last year was key to these plans. CCIX aims for cache coherence AMD and IBM are both members of the third consortium, CCIX, along with ARM, Broadcom and others. CCIX stands for Cache Coherent Interconnect for Accelerators, which aims to create a standard way to ensure cache coherency when multiple devices are accessing a shared area of memory. Cache coherency is an issue in multi-processor systems. If one processor changes some shared data in its cache, there needs to be a mechanism to ensure every other cached copy reflects the change. The key part of CCIX is that it aims to do this in a way that is independent of any single processor architecture or instruction set, so customers are not tied to any single supplier’s system. CCIX is aimed at letting accelerators such as GPUs and FPGAs share system memory access with CPUs, making it similar to OpenCAPI. The consortium has also settled on PCI Express as its chosen physical interface, but hints that the protocol may be used over additional physical interfaces in future. Read more about processor innovation Microsoft claims field programmable gate array chips are now live in Azure datacentres in 15 countries, as it future-proofs its infrastructure for the rise of big data applications. Intel and Micron have created a non-volatile memory that they say is 1,000 times faster than the NAND flash technology currently used in many mobile devices. “Using PCI Express to transport the CCIX coherency protocol eases the implementation of CCIX in processors and accelerators as well as the deployment of CCIX technology in existing servers by leveraging today’s existing hardware and software infrastructure,” the CCIX Consortium states in an FAQ about the technology. In fact, both CCIX and OpenCAPI protocols could be carried over a Gen-Z connection, according to Bowman. “Gen-Z is a very nice transport for existing and future coherency protocols, and you can see that in some of the collaboration work we are doing with other new bus standards,” he says. Naturally, it remains to be seen how successful or widely adopted these new standards will be without Intel’s backing, but Gen-Z appears to bring a genuinely useful and much- needed new capability to the datacentre stack, and could form a key part of the composable infrastructure approach that several industry players are working towards implementing. Add to this the fact that many of the same big industry names are involved with two or all three initiatives, and you have a concerted push to drive key new server technologies along a more open direction, rather than the industry continuing to be dominated by Intel’s intellectual property. This was last published in November 2016 CW+ Features Enjoy the benefits of CW+ membership, learn more and join. E-Handbook IT Project ANZ: Virtualisation E-Handbook IT Project ASEAN: Virtualisation E-Handbook Prefabricated and Micro Datacentres: The Essential Guide Read more on Datacentre systems management All News In Depth Blog Posts Opinion IT Project: Migration to Cloud Robot Wars: Team Storm uses modern IT to breathe new life into legacy machines Splicing data machinery -- what is scale-out data processing, really? A Computer Weekly buyer’s guide to converged infrastructure Load More View All Robot Wars: Team Storm uses modern IT to breathe new life into legacy machines Hyper-converged systems to hit mainstream datacentre adoption within five years 451 Research warns of software-defined infrastructure skills gaps Google calls for datacentre storage disk design overhaul Load More View All News The Bimodal IT backlash: Should IT departments subscribe to the notion of a two-tier workforce? Energy-efficient Europe: How the datacentre sector is keeping it clean Why 2015 won't be the year of software-defined everything Microservices: How to prepare next-generation cloud applications Load More View All In Depth Splicing data machinery -- what is scale-out data processing, really? Datacentre management: Taking a Rubik’s Cube approach to hypervisor fine-tuning View All Blog Post Graph databases: What are the benefits for CIOs? Cloud vs. Colocation: Why both make sense for the enterprise right now Customer relationship management vs business relationship management View All Opinion Start the conversation 0 comments Send me notifications when other members comment. Add My Comment Register Login Forgot your password? Forgot your password? No problem! Submit your e-mail address below. We'll send you an email containing your password. Submit Your password has been sent to: By submitting you agree to receive email from TechTarget and its partners. If you reside outside of the United States, you consent to having your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States. Privacy Please create a username to comment. Oldest  Newest  -ADS BY GOOGLE Latest TechTarget resources CIO Security Networking Data Center Data Management SearchCIO Hindered by legacy IT systems, Texas CIO forges a way ahead Over half of the roughly 4,000 business applications in use by the state of Texas are classified as legacy IT systems. CIO Todd ... Does 2016 mark the birth of the AR/VR enterprise? The AR/VR enterprise gets real: From carmakers to retailers, augmented reality and virtual reality tools are changing how workers... Presidential election predictions cast doubt on data analysis Donald Trump's surprise presidential election win has media, pollsters soul-searching on the predictive power of data. Also in ... SearchSecurity Are browsers using the HTTP/2 protocol vulnerable to HEIST attacks? HEIST, a new HTTP/2 protocol exploit, can steal encrypted content from HTTPS traffic. Expert Michael Cobb explains how this ... BlackNurse hits big routers with low-volume denial-of-service attack Researchers claim 'BlackNurse,' a low-volume ICMP denial-of-service attack, can allow a laptop to bring down routers and ... How a hybrid whitelisting-blacklisting approach can help enterprises Allowing known good applications and data isn't enough for enterprises. Beth Musumeci explains why a hybrid ... SearchNetworking Startups launch verification technology to help manage networks Forward Networks and Veriflow Systems have introduced verification technology to help engineers manage corporate networks. Learn network cabling through 10 quick, but comprehensive, lessons Network cabling may seem basic, but it's integral to your network infrastructure. This series of 10 lessons for networking pros ... Unstructured data analysis is critical, but difficult Sometimes, it's hard to know if your data is just garbage out, unless you have the right big data implementation analysis and ... SearchDataCenter How an IoT deployment reshapes network and storage management Data center admins need to know the unique network and storage requirements that come with an IoT deployment, and evolve their IT... Building a disaster recovery architecture with cloud and colocation Creating a robust disaster recovery plan is no small task for IT teams. Explore how cloud and colocation can bolster an ... Undock your data center management strategy with mobile apps As mobile technology improves, smartphone apps for IT administration help data center managers monitor and troubleshoot ... SearchDataManagement Data trust gap confronts analytics -- time to open the 'black box' C-suite honchos sign off on analytics tool purchases and then wonder what they've wrought. But data trust can build if ... Following a notion for SQL, architect creates NoSQL data modeling notation Ted Hills, an enterprise architect at LexisNexis and the author of a recent book on NoSQL data modeling, discusses the ins and ... Functionality gaps not stopping Spark usage from growing fast Organizations aren't letting ongoing Apache Spark development, functionality holes or issues deter them from ramping up usage of ... About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Our Use of Cookies Advertisers Business Partners Media Kit Corporate Site Contributors Reprints Archive Site Map Answers E-Products Events In Depth Guides Opinions Quizzes Photo Stories Tips Tutorials Videos All Rights Reserved, Copyright 2000 - 2016, TechTarget Close
GoSearch PHL17 TV Schedule Search Contact Us PHL17.com Menu PHL17 Morning News Eye Opener Traffic Weekend Philler Contests News Tips Weather 45° 45° Low 40° High 62° Wed 45° 63° Thu 39° 62° Fri 42° 65° See complete forecast Holiday Tech Gift Ideas with Mario Armstrong Posted 8:28 AM, November 1, 2016, by Chandler Lutz, Updated at 08:27am, November 1, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video Good morning, Mario. You always have the best stuff. I can't wait to hear what you have today. "Chandler, I am so excited about this as well. I got some great gift ideas and some great at home solutions. I am going to start first with the Galaxy TabPro S by Samsung. This is a two in one device, people, which means you get the best of both worlds in a unit. You can use this as a tablet where you can actually hit the touchscreen and move around on the device. It has a stylus you can use as well. It has a long lasting battery life, Windows 10 Intel Processor, super AMOLED display, also a full size keyboard so you can get all the big work done. Moving onto something great to those little life essentials that you need in the house. This is the amazon dash buttons, these little buttons connect to the wifi in your home, but they, with one little touch of the button, can order that product from amazon for you. So if you're running low on Tide, running low on that coffee, press the button, and it will order from Amazon for you right away. Next up is the BackBeat Fit by Plantronics. These are the best rugged, durable, sweat proof and water proof, Bluetooth wireless headphones on the market. Comes in five different colors. Eight hours of listening on one charge. And what is great about it is that they sound wonderful, they don't pop out of your ears, even for the biggest and roughest workout that you can do, you won't pop those out. Those are great. So in the home, this smart home solution, is taking the world by storm by Switchmate, it is very easy to use. You buy their product and you put it on the existing light switch, it is magnetic, and one second, you have installed a new system to control your lighting, you can now do that right through your mobile device. You can even set program alerts and times, so no more walking through a house that is dark or moving throughout the house that is dark. Another great smart home addition is by Schlage. Schlage has the sense-smart deadbolt. It has a touch screen deadbolt, which is great. you can give family and friends access codes, no keys required. Easy set up for this. It looks beautiful and it ties in with their open possibilities campaign. Last but not least, unique holiday gift cards, Chandler! I love these by Minted. You can upload your design, see what it looks like, tons of different designs made by a community of independent artists, looks great, super strong. You're going to have a customized gift card that your family and friends will absolutely love. Head over to our website at funknews.com/smart for more."   Filed in: Seen on TV Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email WATCH THE NJ LOTTERY DRAWINGS LIVE Winning numbers and daily results Popular Weekend Philler Episode 6 100 Things to Do in Philadelphia Before You Die Pennsylvania voters claim voting machines ‘changing’ ballots PHOTOS: Philly Naked Bike Ride 2016 How to redeem your FREE Dunkin Donuts coffee after an Eagles victory Latest News Weekend Philler Episode 6 Deluxe Italian Bakery on Weekend Philler East Coast Reptile Super Expos Rescue dog saves kitten stuck in a sewer Mystery woman delivering half-eaten pizzas to strangers’ homes Seen on TV Kickstart Your Holiday Shopping With Better Living Tech Gift Ideas Seen on TV Your Guide to Holiday Gadgets Seen on TV Tips for Navigating The Fall Farmers’ Market Seen on TV One Stop Shop for Your Halloween Needs Seen on TV Healthy Fall Must-Haves For Your Family PHL17 Morning News Money Mondays: Starting Your Own Business Seen on TV Keeping Your Skin Beautiful Throughout The Summer Web Exclusives Officer who saved baby’s life becomes her Godfather Seen on TV Bringing back Sunday dinners with Vic Rallo PHL17 Morning News Natural products to freshen up your beauty routine Seen on TV Fall Fashion and Beauty Tips with Kate De Ponte Seen on TV Must-Haves For New Moms Web Exclusives Little girl advises Obama to start wearing tie-dye, president responds Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5001 Wynnefield Avenue Philadelphia, PA 19131 • Copyright © 2016, WPHL • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Samsung Electronics to invest more than US$1 billion in US chip production News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Samsung Electronics to invest more than US$1 billion in US chip production Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Tuesday it planned to invest more than US$1 billion by the end of June 2017 to boost production of system chips at its Austin, Texas, facilities in the United States to meet growing demand. Posted 01 Nov 2016 20:50 The logo of Samsung Electronic is seen at its headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, July 4, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SEOUL: Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Tuesday it planned to invest more than US$1 billion by the end of June 2017 to boost production of system chips at its Austin, Texas, facilities in the United States to meet growing demand. The South Korean firm, the world's second-largest chipmaker behind Intel Corp , said in a statement its investment would boost output of chips for mobile and other electronics devices from its existing facilities in the city. The investment comes after Samsung said last week its capital expenditure for 2016 would rise to a record 27 trillion won (US$24 billion), with 13.2 trillion won earmarked for its semiconductor business. While most of Samsung's semiconductor profits come from memory chip sales, it has been trying to boost earnings from other products including its own Exynos mobile processors and contract manufacturing deals with clients such as Qualcomm Inc and Nvidia Corp .Samsung did not give further details for its investment plans in Austin, such as how much production capacity would be added. (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Samsung Electronics to invest more than $1 billion in U.S. chip production Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Tue Nov 1, 2016 | 8:45am EDT Samsung Electronics to invest more than $1 billion in U.S. chip production The logo of Samsung Electronic is seen at its headquarters in Seoul, South Korea, July 4, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Hong-Ji/File Photo SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) said on Tuesday it planned to invest more than $1 billion by the end of June 2017 to boost production of system chips at its Austin, Texas, facilities in the United States to meet growing demand. The South Korean firm, the world's second-largest chipmaker behind Intel Corp (INTC.O), said in a statement its investment would boost output of chips for mobile and other electronics devices from its existing facilities in the city. The investment comes after Samsung said last week its capital expenditure for 2016 would rise to a record 27 trillion won ($24 billion), with 13.2 trillion won earmarked for its semiconductor business. While most of Samsung's semiconductor profits come from memory chip sales, it has been trying to boost earnings from other products including its own Exynos mobile processors and contract manufacturing deals with clients such as Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O) and Nvidia Corp (NVDA.O).Samsung did not give further details for its investment plans in Austin, such as how much production capacity would be added. (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter) Next In Technology News Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying Twitter, facing pressure for not doing enough to curb abusive behavior on its platform, said on Tuesday it would upgrade some features to better combat cyber-bullying. Google announces artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud Alphabet's Google announced the formation of an artificial intelligence group for Google Cloud, the tech company's latest gambit to increase its market share in the lucrative cloud computing business. Exclusive: Wells Fargo to unveil robo-adviser partnership with SigFig Wells Fargo & Co is set to announce a partnership with SigFig for clients to use the robo-adviser's technology and wealth management investment tools. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Technology Apple to offer MacBook Pro 2017 with 32GB RAM at cheaper price: Report Kuo is of the opinion that the MacBook Pro to be released in the second half of 2017 will come with 32GB RAM. Raymond Ronamai   November 1, 2016 18:20 IST Apple MacBook Pro with Touch BarApple Newsroom Apple appears to be working seriously on taking its MacBook Pro laptops to a new level at a time when desktop and laptop sales have dropped drastically over the years. A new research report has claimed that the company's 2017 version of MacBook Pro could potentially come packed with a 32GB RAM, and that too at a cheaper price. The Cupertino giant is tight-lipped on its upcoming MacBook Pro, but KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has claimed in a research report that the MacBook Pro might see growth in 2017 with the company likely to opt for a price cut of both the existing and new laptops. Why advertise with us? [READ: MacBook Pro Touch Bar is the coolest thing ever: 8 things you can do with the multi-touch strip] Kuo is of the opinion that the MacBook Pro to be released in the second half of 2017 will come with 32GB RAM though it depends on the time Intel launches Cannonlake processors. "The new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25 percent less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3," MacRumors quoted Ming-Chi Kuo as saying. "If Cannonlake doesn't enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB," he added. Apple's current MacBook Pro comes packed with 16GB RAM, and the company's marketing chief Phil Schiller had earlier said that increasing the RAM without upgrading the processor would drain battery. [Source: MacRumors] Post Comment IBT TV Close Russia: Police detain robot for attending political rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Multiple value-for-money phones in US found to transmit confidential user data to Chinese servers: Report 8 minutes ago By Rahul R Mafia 3: Lincoln Clay DLC and more now live across Xbox One, PS4 and PC platforms 40 minutes ago By Rahul R Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular OnePlus 3T round-up: What we know so far The upcoming OnePlus 3T is expected to come with several upgrades in terms of processor, camera and more, over the original OnePlus 3 model. Battlefield 1 Fall Update now limiting multiplayer gameplay temporarily You will not be able to play Multiplayer mode for an hour when the Battlefield 1 Fall Update is deployed. AdultFriendFinder hacked: 412M users' account details dumped online Most of the passwords were stored in plain text. Update HTC One (M8) with Android Nougat via CyanogenMod [unofficial] CM 14.1 custom ROM Here's a tutorial on how to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod custom ROM on HTC One (M8). Steps to install Android Nougat-based CyanogenMod CM 14.1 ROM on LG G4 Here's a tutorial on how to install CyanogenMod CM 14.1 Android Nougat custom ROM on LG G4 Mafia 4 could feature multiplayer and more upon release If you think about multiplayer and more save slots in Mafia 4, you are on the right track. Black Friday 2016 date announced: Microsoft Surface Pro, Oculus Rift, Xbox One and more on sale Microsoft's Black Friday sale goes hand in hand with Best Buy, Office Depot and others. Xiaomi's affordable 3D printer will bring new tech to the masses Xiaomi's 3D printer might send waves of interest to other tech companies. Photo Gallery Kabir Khan launches Vivo V5 smartphone Photos of Kabir Khan launches Vivo V5 smartphone. Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja Photos of Pawan Kalyan, Trivikram Srinivas, Nithiin new movie pooja. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Samsung Elec to invest more than $1 bln in U.S. chip production By Reuters Published: 08:43 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 08:43 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail SEOUL, Nov 1 (Reuters) - Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Tuesday it planned to invest more than $1 billion by the end of June 2017 to boost production of system chips at its Austin, Texas, facilities in the United States to meet growing demand. The South Korean firm, the world's second-largest chipmaker behind Intel Corp, said in a statement its investment would boost output of chips for mobile and other electronics devices from its existing facilities in the city. The investment comes after Samsung said last week its capital expenditure for 2016 would rise to a record 27 trillion won ($24 billion), with 13.2 trillion won earmarked for its semiconductor business. While most of Samsung's semiconductor profits come from memory chip sales, it has been trying to boost earnings from other products including its own Exynos mobile processors and contract manufacturing deals with clients such as Qualcomm Inc and Nvidia Corp. Samsung did not give further details for its investment plans in Austin, such as how much production capacity would be added. ($1 = 1,141.6600 won) (Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: iOS 10 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / Apple will reduce new MacBook Pro prices in late 2017, apparently Apple will reduce new MacBook Pro prices in late 2017, apparently by Sean Keach 01 November 2016 0 shares Read Comments Last week, Apple stunned the world with its ludicrously priced new MacBook Pro models. Is the tech giant already having a change of heart? Prominent Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, of KGI Securities, reckons Apple is planning to drop the price of new MacBook Pro models as soon as 2017. He said as much in a note to investors, which was obtained by specialist Apple blog 9to5mac. According to Kuo, Apple tends to overprice its MacBook products when they’re first released, and then gradually lowers the R.R.P. Apple announced a new generation of MacBook Pro laptops last Thursday, revealing a revamped design that features a customisable OLED Touch Bar that replaces the top row of function keys on the keyboard. But reception to the new notebooks has been mixed, with most of the discord being directed at the pricing. There are three new models, with prices ranging from £1,449 right up to £2,699, which potentially prices out a huge swath of consumers. Related: MacBook Pro 2016 vs Surface Book i7 However, Kuo says we’ll likely see a drop in the price of the MacBook Pro (2016) variants in the second half of next year. He also believes we’ll see refreshed versions of the MacBook Pro that feature 32GB of RAM around the same time. However, he caveats this by saying that the timeline is dependent on the release of Intel’s upcoming Cannonlake processors. Intel’s Cannonlake CPU is expected to consume significantly less power than its predecessors, Skylake and Kaby Lake. This power saving could then be utilised to increase the amount of RAM. After all, Apple exec Phil Schiller recently revealed that Apple didn’t include 32GB of RAM on the new MacBook Pro models specifically because of power consumption issues. Unfortunately, we can’t say anything for certain about Apple’s pricing strategy for the future. It’s worth remembering that while Kuo has an impressive track record, he is only an analyst, and so his predictions aren’t official word on the matter. Take these claims with due caution; there may be no price reduction after all. We’ve asked Apple for comment on Kuo’s predictions and we’ll update this article with any response. Related: iPhone 8 news Watch: MacBook Pro 2016 What do you think of Apple's new MacBook Pro (2016) pricing? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay Apple 15.4" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display & Force Touch Trackpad MJLQ2LL/A $1,599.99 View Item Apple 13.3" MacBook Pro w/Retina Display 8GB Memory - 128GB Storage MF839LL/A $1,029.99 View Item Apple Macbook Pro Computer Intel Core i5 - 13.3'' Display - 4GB Memory MD101LL/A $929.99 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Steve Jalsevac November 7, 2016, 9:05 pm Way over-priced. If one mostly uses their laptop via a docking setup, the new ITouch keyboard and new ITouchpad are useless, except when I am on the road and away from my large Apple Thunderbolt monitor and Apple Bluetooth keyboard and touchpad. I and many other professionals absolutely must use a large Monitor and a docking setup. There are far too many applications and open windows for me to use just the too small laptop screen and on board keyboard, etc. The lack of 32 GB ram is astonishing. There is so much wrong with this new MacBook Pro that one has to wonder if Apple has become damagingly side-tracked too much in developing their new headquarters palace and their deep involvement in politics and social change efforts - instead of focusing on their core job - development of the world's very best computer and other hardware and software. It is unsettling to see them having allowed themselves to fall behind other producers who are well ahead of Apple in a number of key areas. Even Siri is now likely the least effective speech command utility among the big players. At least I have become very disappointed with the poor results I have even getting every time I give it a bit more of a challenge than the most basic commands or sentences. The fanatical obsession by Apple on thinness is hard to comprehend, especially given all that had to be eliminated to achieve what most of us don't at all care about. I have been perfectly fine with the thickness of my current Macbook Pro bought 4 years ago. A thinner laptop would have been very last on a Wishlist for an upgrade. Who the heck is making such a huge deal about that for these high end professional level laptops? Bonnie Bao November 7, 2016, 11:54 pm I'm really disappointed in apple yes they added many new features but they've removed there best ones. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2016, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals We Rely On Your Support: Have you heard of Phoronix Premium? It's what complements advertisements on this site for our premium ad-free service. For as little as $3 USD per month, you can help support our site while the funds generated allow us to keep doing Linux hardware reviews, performance benchmarking, maintain our community forums, and much more. You can also consider a tip via PayPal. OpenIndiana 2016.10 Released With MATE 1.14 Desktop, Drops Sun SSH Written by Michael Larabel in Oracle on 1 November 2016 at 06:12 AM EDT. Add A Comment The latest version of OpenIndiana, the Illumos-powered Solaris distribution letting OpenSolaris live on in community form, is now available. With the OpenIndiana 2016.10 release they've switched to MATE 1.14 by default rather than the GNOME desktop when doing a GUI installation. OpenIndiana 2016.10 also has Intel KMS support ported from Oracle Solaris, Python 2.7 is now the default system Python, Sun SSH was removed, and they are no longer advertising support for 32-bit systems. OpenIndiana 2016.10 is making use of GCC 4.9 as the primary compiler but GCC 5.4 is a new compiler option. This release also adds PHP 7.0, Golang 1.6, NVIDIA 340.96, and various other package updates. More details on OpenIndiana 2016.10 via the release notes. I'll be trying it out on some of my test systems to see if I can get it running (I haven't had luck in the past year or two with finding hardware playing nicely with OpenIndiana) and if so will run some fresh Linux vs. OI benchmarks. Add A Comment Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Oracle News Java JDK 9 Firmed Up For A Late July Release NetBeans 8.2 Released With PHP 7 Support, ECMAScript 6/7 Trying Out & Failing With OpenIndiana, Solaris 11.3 On The Broadwell-EP System Illumos Continues To Let OpenSolaris Live On Oracle Is Deprecating The Java Web-Browser Plugin With Java 9 NetBeans 8.1 IDE Released With Java Enhancements, HTML5/JS/Node.js Goodies Popular News Fedora 25 Is Quite Possibly My Most Favorite Release Yet Project Darling Is Still Trying To Run macOS/OSX Software On Linux OpenGL vs. Vulkan With AMDGPU-PRO 16.40, Compared To NVIDIA On Linux A Number Of KDE Apps Will Be Dropped If They Don't Get Ported To KF5 OpenGL Overload: Implementing OpenGL Over Vulkan The Code To Intel's New Linux Wireless Daemon Is Now Public Latest Linux News GCC Compiler Finishes Nuking Java Support (GCJ) A Walkthrough Of Enlightenment's New Launcher "Luncher" Unity 8 & All Snaps-Based Ubuntu Still Expected For 18.04 LTS X.Org Server 1.19 Officially Released With A Year's Worth Of Improvements Unreal Engine 4.14 Ships With Better Vulkan Support KDE Frameworks 5.28 Brings Many KWayland Improvements, Relative Pointer Protocol Cryptsetup Vulnerability Allows Easily Getting To A Root Shell Intel SDK OpenCL 2016 R3 Brings OpenCL 2.1 & SPIR-V To Linux Raspberry Pi's Desktop Likely Switching To Compton For Better Performance A Very Basic Ubuntu Online Developer Summit Is Happening Now Latest Featured Articles AMDGPU+RadeonSI With Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, One Week Later Intel Kaby Lake HD Graphics 620 OpenGL/Vulkan Performance On Linux Intel Kaby Lake Linux Testing With MSI's Cubi 2 Mini PC Fresh OpenCL + CUDA 8.0 Benchmarks On Kepler/Maxwell/Pascal With NVIDIA 375.10 On Ubuntu Linux 13-Way NVIDIA GeForce + CUDA 8.0 + cuDNN Caffe Benchmarks Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip or Bitcoin. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2016 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
ITProPortal Search RSS News Features Analysis Guides Reviews Categories Business Hardware Security Software Mobile Enterprise Cloud Networks Public Sector Startups Web The realities of remote: Workers want advanced tech to enable productivity By Jean-Guillaume Pons Recruiting and keeping your employees could depend on the technology you're willing to offer them. Shares There was a time when we envisioned a future in which employers used technology as an ever-watchful eye, frightening workers into maximum productivity. Instead, we’ve seen workplace culture go largely in the other direction, with employers fostering productivity by loosening the reins and letting employees work remotely. The Dell and Intel Future Workforce Study 2016 showed that this freedom is increasingly viewed as providing both quality of life and productivity benefits, and technology is seen as an essential enabler; globally, the top two productivity benefits cited include the ability to focus and eliminating commute time.  Evolving technology has already had a huge impact on modern lifestyles and a remarkable 95 per cent of German and 87 per cent of UK remote workers confirm that they are happy in their jobs. However, the same study shows there are at least two significant remote work challenges we’re still trying to fix. The first one is replacing the convenience and comfort of face-to-face communication. This isn’t a universally recognised problem—majorities in China, India and South Africa don’t prefer face-to-face communication over other forms of collaboration. But in the United Kingdom, Germany, France, North America and most of the world, we do prefer meeting face to face, implying that remote workers might be at a disadvantage when it comes to collaborating with colleagues. Another major hurdle is that many workplaces aren’t ensuring their technology keeps pace with worker needs. Far from enabling productivity, poor technology is actually making work more difficult, with workers citing tech-related glitches as the biggest time wasters they face. Globally, thirty-five per cent of workers say their home technology is more cutting-edge than what is offered at their workplace, with less than a quarter of workers giving the edge to their office tech. This trend is clear in Europe as well. In Germany, the disparity is greatest, with 50 per cent saying their home technology is superior and only 19 per cent saying their workplace technology is more cutting-edge. Clearly, there’s a significant gap between how productive we are and how productive we can become. The fast-paced innovations in design and performance of everyday consumer technology can help to drive technology shifts and implementation in the workplace. Virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) innovations could impact the workplace and bridge that gap sooner than we think as 61 per cent of employees in Europe and South Africa would be willing to use VR/AR in their professional lives. The most frequently cited user cases for the new technologies include training new skills in realistic virtual environments (25 per cent), problem solving or coming up with new ideas through 3D visualisation (18 per cent) and presenting to clients using immersive technologies (15 per cent). AR/VR-based communication can more closely mimic the experience of working with a colleague in person, so it may have a chance to supplant face-to-face communication as our preferred format. In addition, it can make remote and office-based workers more productive at their jobs by putting the information and feedback they need in their field of view as they work. It’s not a surprise that a significant portion of millennials claims to be willing to quit their jobs if the technology provided by their employer as substandard (a staggering half of millennials reported that intent in France). Millennials in Europe and South Africa (up to 86 per cent in France) also say that a new job’s available technology would affect their decision on whether to take or decline the position. If you want to recruit and retain the best and brightest team members, think productivity-enabling tech, not ping pong. Of course, what’s cutting-edge today will be ubiquitous tomorrow, and more than 50 per cent of workers in Europe and South Africa say they’re already looking forward to the day when artificial intelligence makes their jobs easier. But in the meantime, companies will be well-served simply to solve the challenges their employees face today. The first mandate is to give them technology that works. The next is to give them technology that helps them work together and individually more easily, wherever they may be located. The third is to get out of the way and let them unleash their productivity. The research implies they’re eagerly waiting to do just that. Jean-Guillaume Pons, Vice President, Client Solutions, Dell EMEA Image source: Shutterstock/bikeriderlondon Topics remote working productivity workplace technology virtual reality millenials Load Comments GET YOUR FREE eBOOK: LEARNING DOCKER worth £32.38 Join over 7000 ITProPortal subscribers! Sign up for the ITProPortal newsletter to get this FREE 240 page eBook. + All the latest tech rumours, pre-release news, reviews & deals GET MY FREE eBOOK No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 How to insert a tick or a cross symbol in Microsoft Word and Excel 2 How to start page numbering from a specific page in Word 3 How to tell if you've been hit by a DDoS attack, and 5 ways to be prepared 4 The top enterprise firewalls of 2015 5 Five of the biggest outsourcing failures 1 How flexible working is taking over, and improving, the modern office 2 ITSM is broken: establish a Centre of Excellence if you want to get it right 3 Platformification: underpinning future financial services 4 Preparing for PSD2 – How banks and retailers are approaching the five big issues around APIs 5 Why CFOs should be looking at SAM ITProPortal is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Home Sectors Regions Events Jobs Directory Search Ian Roberts awarded European Chief Technology Officer of the Year 2016 1-Nov-2016 Manufacturing | Research The CTO of the Year award is a platform to promote the importance of technology and innovation in Europe Ian Roberts Ian Roberts, Chief Technology Officer of Bühler, has been awarded European CTO of the Year 2016 in large companies category. The award honours Bühler for its excellence in technology and innovation leadership, as well as top-managements commitment to advance sustainable development. .It is given to the most prominent technology leaders of highly successful European companies: inspiring leaders and foresighted technology managers. Previous winners include Martin Curley from the Intel Corporation, Marcel Wubbolts from Royal DSM, Richard Parker from Rolls-Royce, and Gert-Jan Gruter from Avantium, among others. At the award ceremony, Ian Roberts said: 'This award reflects the hard work of the Bühler employees, the vision and commitment to innovation and sustainability of the leadership team and their audacity to drive change in an already successful company. With these initiatives, we are able to create a culture of innovation and entrepreneurship across the company.' Ian Roberts is known as an ambassador for innovation and technology. Bühler's innovation challenge, driven by Ian Roberts, has become an example for companies that aim at transforming their company culture, building organisational innovation capability, and leveraging partnerships with customers, suppliers, and universities. Likewise, Ian Roberts has been the architect for the launch of Mass Challenge Switzerland, contributing to the vibrant start-up scene in Europe. Innovation plays a key role in Bühlers strategy. Every year, the company invests up to 5% of its turnover in research and development. The latest innovations, unveiled at the Bühler Networking Days, include the CombiMill process with increased flexibility for millers, the new generation of high-precision scale Tubex with energy savings of more than 90%, the energy efficient pasta drying with Ecothermatic, as well as the Novablue solution for increased food safety. Ian Roberts joined Bühler in 2010. He is a member of the Bühler Group Executive Board. He graduated in chemical engineering and obtained a PhD in process engineering from the University of Wales, UK. He held various management positions at Nestlé, acting as Director of innovation for Nestlé Mexico and as Director of the chocolate centre of excellence in Switzerland. Companies Buhler Ltd Subscriber Sign In email: password: Why subscribe? Related Articles GSK to create a new Centre of Excellence for Sustainable Chemistry in Brazil Nottingham University invests in Asynt kit Aesica forms partnership with University of Nottingham GSK funds Centre for Sustainable Chemistry in Nottingham Millipore and CXR Biosciences launch drug screening platform products Rowan University tackles small volume solvent recovery New technology allows safe industrial use of nanoparticles BioVyon offers fast purification of antibodies AM Technology joins EU funded flow chemistry project Platinum nanocatalyst could aid drug manufacturers Discovery of sleeping sickness cure aided by H-Cube Related Press Releases Energy saving with process valves Spirax Sarco pinpoints energy savings at point of use InformEx USA conference programme to provide on-point education for chemical industry Revolutionary thermal fluid treatment system will save millions Related Jobs Recipharm names 2015 International Environmental Award winner Avantium appoints bioplastics specialist About Manufacturing Chemist Contact Us About HPCi Media Limited Terms and Conditions Privacy ^ Top
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Biohaven Secures $80 Million in Oversubscribed Private Financing to Advance Phase 3 Clinical Trials The new and existing investors in Biohaven comprise some of the leading biotech funds in the industry who have backed multiple successful biopharmaceutical companies.  Proceeds from this financing will be used to advance the company’s late stage clinical programs in orphan neurologic indications and other trials in areas of large unmet medical needs. Biohaven plans to initiate Phase 2/3 studies in 4Q2016 and in 2017. Nimish Shah, from Venrock stated, “Biohaven has made tremendous progress since launching two years ago and expects to have multiple programs in the clinic next year.  We look forward to partnering with the Biohaven team to develop products that make a tangible difference for patients.” Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman at Biohaven added, “This represents a significant milestone for Biohaven that will allow us to prosecute an ever increasing set of opportunities. Our new investors have expressed confidence in the company and we will work diligently to deliver on our ambitious goals. I have full confidence in Vlad and his team.”  About Venrock Originally established as the venture capital arm of the Rockefeller family in 1969, Venrock partners with entrepreneurs to build some of the world’s most disruptive, successful companies. With a primary focus on technology and healthcare, portfolio companies include Apple Computer, Anacor, Athenahealth, Centocor, Check Point Software, Dollar Shave Club, Gilead Sciences, Idec Pharma, Imperva, Illumina, Intel, Millennium, Pharmacyclics, Receptos, Nest and Vertex. For more information, please visit Venrock’s website at www.venrock.com and follow the firm on Twitter at @venrock.  About Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. Biohaven is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company with particular expertise in late stage clinical development and has portfolio of multiple late stage drug assets. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, Massachusetts General Hospital and two undisclosed pharmaceutical companies. The company has advanced multiple candidates into the clinic and plans on pivotal trials beginning late 2016. Biohaven also has a substantial equity stake in Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (http://kleopharmaceuticals.com). Biohaven is owned by a group of investors including Yale University, Venrock, RA Capital Management, Vivo Capital, Aisling Capital, Rock Springs Capital, J.W. Childs, Greg Bailey, Knoll Capital Management, Osage University Partners, Aperture Venture Partners, Litmore Capital, Portage Biotech Inc. (OTC Market: PTGEF, Canadian Securities Exchange: PBT.U), Jim Mellon and other private investors. Further information regarding Biohaven can be found at: http://biohavenpharma.com Forward-Looking Statements This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company’s plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words “estimate,” “project,” “intend,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “will,” “plan,” “could,” “may” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CONTACT INFORMATION Contact: Dr. Vlad Coric CEO Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. (203) 404-0410 email: vlad.coric@biohavenpharma.com Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160930/413973LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/biohaven-secures-80-million-in-oversubscribed-private-financing-to-advance-phase-3-clinical-trials-300354211.html SOURCE Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. Related Links http://biohavenpharma.com Author ilsPosted on November 1, 2016November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Johnson & Johnson annonce le lancement de l’Africa Innovation Challenge qui vise à soutenir les entrepreneurs du continent et la mise au point de solutions locales pour la santé des consommateurs Next Next post: PPK Lands $150 Million Florida Lottery Account Search for: Search Recent Posts Capgemini Accelerates Global FinTech Initiative to Meet Market Demand for Innovation Turkey says it’s tired of ‘two-faced’ EU attitude Delta Food Industries Will be Presenting the Middle East Hozpitality Excellence Awards 2016 in Dubai HubSpot to Open Second European Office in Berlin, Germany in 2017 Rosewood Hong Kong Will Open in 2018, Adding a Graceful New Landmark to the Famous Harborfront Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Biohaven Secures $80 Million in Oversubscribed Private Financing to Advance Phase 3 Clinical Trials NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. (“Biohaven”), a privately-held biopharmaceutical company with particular expertise in late stage clinical development and a portfolio of multiple late stage assets, announced today the successful completion of an oversubscribed $80 million private financing. The round was led by Venrock and joined by other leading biotech investors including RA Capital Management, Vivo Capital, Aisling Capital, Rock Springs Capital, John W. Childs, Knoll Capital Management, Osage University Partners, Aperture Venture Partners, Connecticut Innovations, Greg Bailey and Litmore Capital. Two undisclosed blue chip pharmaceutical companies also participated in the round as part of in-licensing agreements with Biohaven. Cowen and Company served as the lead strategic advisor and placement agent for the transaction. William Blair served as a co-placement agent. Biohaven was represented in this transaction by a team of attorneys from Locke Lord LLP lead by Douglas Gray, Ralph Loren, Tamer Tullgren and Michael Conroy. Vlad Coric, M.D., CEO at Biohaven, commented, “We are pleased to welcome these new investors as partners in our company and our mission to bring novel treatments to patients suffering from unmet medical needs. With this financing, we have a strong financial foundation from which we can develop our late stage clinical pipeline and advance new therapies into clinical trials.” The new and existing investors in Biohaven comprise some of the leading biotech funds in the industry who have backed multiple successful biopharmaceutical companies.  Proceeds from this financing will be used to advance the company’s late stage clinical programs in orphan neurologic indications and other trials in areas of large unmet medical needs. Biohaven plans to initiate Phase 2/3 studies in 4Q2016 and in 2017. Nimish Shah, from Venrock stated, “Biohaven has made tremendous progress since launching two years ago and expects to have multiple programs in the clinic next year.  We look forward to partnering with the Biohaven team to develop products that make a tangible difference for patients.” Declan Doogan, M.D., Chairman at Biohaven added, “This represents a significant milestone for Biohaven that will allow us to prosecute an ever increasing set of opportunities. Our new investors have expressed confidence in the company and we will work diligently to deliver on our ambitious goals. I have full confidence in Vlad and his team.”  About Venrock Originally established as the venture capital arm of the Rockefeller family in 1969, Venrock partners with entrepreneurs to build some of the world’s most disruptive, successful companies. With a primary focus on technology and healthcare, portfolio companies include Apple Computer, Anacor, Athenahealth, Centocor, Check Point Software, Dollar Shave Club, Gilead Sciences, Idec Pharma, Imperva, Illumina, Intel, Millennium, Pharmacyclics, Receptos, Nest and Vertex. For more information, please visit Venrock’s website at www.venrock.com and follow the firm on Twitter at @venrock.  About Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. Biohaven is a privately-held biopharmaceutical company with particular expertise in late stage clinical development and has portfolio of multiple late stage drug assets. Biohaven has licensed intellectual property from Yale University, Catalent, ALS Biopharma LLC, Massachusetts General Hospital and two undisclosed pharmaceutical companies. The company has advanced multiple candidates into the clinic and plans on pivotal trials beginning late 2016. Biohaven also has a substantial equity stake in Kleo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (http://kleopharmaceuticals.com). Biohaven is owned by a group of investors including Yale University, Venrock, RA Capital Management, Vivo Capital, Aisling Capital, Rock Springs Capital, J.W. Childs, Greg Bailey, Knoll Capital Management, Osage University Partners, Aperture Venture Partners, Litmore Capital, Portage Biotech Inc. (OTC Market: PTGEF, Canadian Securities Exchange: PBT.U), Jim Mellon and other private investors. Further information regarding Biohaven can be found at: http://biohavenpharma.com Forward-Looking Statements This news release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal and Canadian securities laws. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties, including statements that are based on the current expectations and assumptions of the Company’s management. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this press release regarding the Company’s plans and objectives, expectations and assumptions of management are forward-looking statements. The use of certain words, including the words “estimate,” “project,” “intend,” “expect,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “will,” “plan,” “could,” “may” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. Various important factors could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those that may be expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements including receipt of regulatory approvals and market conditions. The forward-looking statements are made as of this date and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CONTACT INFORMATION Contact: Dr. Vlad Coric CEO Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. (203) 404-0410 email: vlad.coric@biohavenpharma.com Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160930/413973LOGO Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Biohaven Secures Million in Oversubscribed Private Financing to Advance Phase 3 Clinical Trials Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Amsterdam Data Science and Elsevier Sign Long-Term Collaboration Agreement to Boost Local Data Science Scene Next Next post: Baylor University Selects Cray CS400 Cluster Supercomputer to Power Innovative Research Search for: Search Recent Posts Antrim Announces Sale of Ireland Subsidiary Caledonia Mining Corporation Plc: Exercise of Share Options Capresi Conversion Notice HubSpot to Open Second European Office in Berlin, Germany in 2017 Argus Announces Breakthrough Technology for Automotive Cyber Security Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
null
The Monitor :: Seedstars World Partners With Stanbic To Find The Best Startup In Gaborone
 Home Mmegi The Monitor Blogs Full Picture beMobile Premiership Naledi Archives Banners Banners Banners Banners Banners Last Updated Tuesday 15 November 2016, 17:06 pm. Advertising Contact Us Home News Business Features Editorial Opinion & Analysis World Lifestyle Sport Selefu Naledi Banners The Monitor News Seedstars World Partners With Stanbic To Find The Best Startup In Gaborone Seedstars World Partners With Stanbic To Find The Best Startup In Gaborone On November 4, up to 10 of Botswanas best seed stage startups will compete to represent the country at the Seedstars Summit and win up to $1 million in equity investment. By Correspondent Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:38 pm (GMT +2) Tweet Comments Email Share : Onkabetse Morapedi The Monitor :: Seedstars World Partners With Stanbic To Find The Best Startup In Gaborone From: (Your Name) * From: (Your Email)* Friend1 Name: * Email: * Friend2 Name: Email: Friend3 Name: Email: Anti-Spam * Type this CASE SENSITIVE anti-spam security code into the field below Seedstars World is the global seed-stage startup competition for emerging markets and fast-growing startup scenes. In line with its mission to place the spotlight on entrepreneurs from emerging markets, Seedstars World is travelling to more than 65 countries this year to identify the best seed-stage entrepreneurs and provide them with an all inclusive trip to the regional summit in Rwanda and the Global summit in Switzerland with the opportunity to win up to $1 million and network with investors and mentors from around the world. Its previous participants have raised over $61M collectively, providing employment to more than 800 employees worldwide. The Botswana competition will be carried out with the support of local lead partner, Stanbic Bank Botswana and local ambassador Thabo Theron, who is representing the initiative throughout the year. Further support is provided by regional partners Microsoft and Intel. Other supporters include Botswana Innovation Hub and VC4Africa, amongst others. “Stanbic Bank’s partnership with Seedstars is a testament to our commitment towards championing innovation and indeed entrepreneurship. We are committed to assisting businesses start, grow and manage their enterprises. This comes naturally for us as a business banking focused financial services institution – we are, by all means, a financial partner.” SMEs are a big creator of employment in many developing economies. Thus, our support of innovation through this partnership talks directly to dedication towards helping ensure further job creation. We are interested in helping transform ideas into realities, into real, thriving businesses. This partnership is indeed a manifestation of this as we hope to see business success stories from sole proprietors growing into multinationals and even beyond. We are committed towards making this progress real,” says Onkabetse Morapedi, head of enterprise banking at Stanbic Bank Botswana. The companies selected to pitch at the Seedstars Gaborone event need to be less than 2 years old, have raised less than $500,000 in funding and have Banners built a minimum viable product, ideally with existing traction. The Seedstars World team is searching for one additional criterion - the startup’s regional and global scalability. With a strong network of international partners such as Inmarsat, INADEM, Stanbic Bank and Deloitte, Seedstars World is looking for smart startups that solve regional issues and develop profitable products for the global market, to support their regional businesses and growth. “Seedstars World is a platform connecting investors to the next generation of start-up entrepreneurs, pulling the spotlight from Silicon Valley and Western Europe. After four years of our existence, we have definitely confirmed our initial hypothesis that the best way to have an impact in emerging countries is by investing and promoting entrepreneurship,” explains Claudia Makadristo, Seedstars World CEO. “Our previous start-up’s are showing an impressive track record, and we are looking forward to seeing what the start-up’s of this edition will bring.” Up to 10 of the best seed stage start-up’s in Botswana will be invited to pitch at the University of Botswana for the opportunity to compete at the Seedstars Summit, that annually takes place in Switzerland. Botswana was previously represented by livestock management app Modisar. In addition Seedstars World has partnered with TRECC to bring the ‘Transforming Education Prize’ which will award the best startup in the education space from around the world with a prize of over $50,000. Along with PayU, Seedstars World is also looking for the best fintech start-up, which will be awarded the ‘FinTech Prize’ at the Seedstars Summit. In addition, Seedstars World and Intel are collaborating on the “Intel Solutions Challenge” to find the best start-up’s in Hardware, IoT, Cloud and Analytics with the goal of inviting them to a prestigious Demo Day with internal and external partners who will give access to market and funding for the best start-up’s. Applications are open now, and start-up’s can apply here:http://www.seedstarsworld.com/event/seedstars-gaborone-2016/ Tweet Comments Email Share Banners Banners Banners News Mon 31 Oct 2016, 18:00 pm Mokaila To Slash Transport Fares Vows To Stop Importation Of Fongkong Cars Mon 31 Oct 2016, 17:06 pm Botswana Advised To Back Down On New Public Service Bill Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:56 pm Domkgrag Retains Kalakamati Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:43 pm Mookane To Produce Next Mahotella Queens Singers Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:41 pm Fortune Smiles On Ipelegeng Hustler Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:39 pm Youth, Women Top Kenewendos Agenda Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:38 pm Seedstars World Partners With Stanbic To Find The Best Startup In Gaborone Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:37 pm Illegal Mining Hits Botswana Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:34 pm Molepolole School Wins Parmalat Pack Collection Competition Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:31 pm Alleged FSSS Student Murderer On The Run Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:25 pm BONU Dumps BOPEU Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:21 pm Charma Gal Rises From the Ashes Mon 31 Oct 2016, 16:03 pm Use Those Tractors To Fight Poverty  PHK Mon 24 Oct 2016, 18:00 pm Bangwaketse reject Bathoen trust audit Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:57 pm New Gerald Estate JSS to open next year January Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:52 pm Hailstorm leaves trail of destruction Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:36 pm Bathoen Trust Finances Divide Malope II And His Aunt Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:36 pm As Ivory Theft Rises, So Do Penalties Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:23 pm The Public Urged To Unite Against Passion Killing Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:23 pm BOFEPUSU Rallies Behind BCL Workers Mon 24 Oct 2016, 16:23 pm FNB Botswana celebrates 25th anniversary Mon 24 Oct 2016, 15:56 pm BOFUS, Liberty Life in talks Mon 24 Oct 2016, 15:49 pm Moeng College Teachers Forfeit RASA Allowances Mon 24 Oct 2016, 10:23 am BPC And Liquid Telecom Enter Into Joint Venture Mon 17 Oct 2016, 20:13 pm Public service salary negotiations resume Banners Banners Exchange Rates FOREIGN EXCHANGE: Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 FOREIGN / PULA PULA / FOREIGN 1 USD = Pula   10.8460 1 GBP = Pula   13.5318 1 EUR = Pula   11.6550 1 YEN = Pula   0.1003 1 ZAR = Pula   0.7573 1 Pula = USD   0.0922 1 Pula = GBP   0.0739 1 Pula = EUR   0.0858 1 Pula = YEN   9.97 1 Pula = ZAR   1.3205 have a story? Send us a Tip *Anti-spam (case sensitive) Banners Masa Centre ::: Friday 11 Nov - Thursday 17 Nov ::: Storks When the Bough Breaks Doctor Strange Hell or High Water The Accountant Riverwalk ::: Friday 11 Nov - Thursday 17 Nov ::: Storks When the Bough Breaks Doctor Strange The Accountant Gamecity ::: Friday 11 Nov - Thursday 17 Nov ::: Storks When the Bough Breaks Doctor Strange The Accountant Jack Reacher: Never Go Back Boo! A Madea Halloween Win Movie Tickets Selefu Banners Banners © 2013 - Dikgang Publishing Company Mmegi News Business Features Editorial Opinion World Lifestyle Sport Selefu The Monitor News Business Features Editorial Opinion World Lifestyle Sport Selefu Travel & Tourism Features Attractions & Activities Food Gallery Contact Us Blogs Policy & Society Business Life Style Sport Technology Multimedia Videos Photos Advertising Online Advertising Print Advertising Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feeds  
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE Google Wifi is Now Available to Pre-Order Neural Machine Translation Brings Huge Improvements to Google Translate Apple Releases $199-$299 'Designed by Apple in California' Photo Book Dedicated to Steve Jobs [Video] Google Releases New PhotoScan App for iPhone WhatsApp Launches Video Calling New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Does Not Have a Removable SSD Apple to Release New OLED iPhone Alongside 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch LCD iPhone Models Next Year [Report] 808 Documentary Will Stream as an Apple Music Exclusive Starting December 9th [Video] Super Mario Run Launches December 15th [Video] Apple Posts New Ad for Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphones [Video] Samsung Acquires Harman for $8 Billion Apple Seeds Third Beta of watchOS 3.1.1 to Developers Analyst Says iPhone 7 Demand Has Peaked New MacBook Pro With Touch Bar Review Roundup [Video] Apple SVP Phil Schiller Says Multi-Touch on an iMac 'Becomes Absurd' Apple May Be Working on a Pair of Digital Glasses Apple Releases iOS 10.2 Beta 3 [Download] Pixelmator Update Brings Support for macOS Sierra, MacBook Pro Touch Bar, Tabs, More Gold Plated Donald Trump iPhone 7 Costs Over $3000 [Photo] Microsoft Announces Visual Studio for Mac Apple Expected to Drop Price of MacBook Pro, Possibly Add Support for 32GB of RAM in 2017 LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted November 1, 2016 at 4:18am by iClarified · 8395 views · Translate Apple is expected to drop the price of the recently launched MacBook Pro and add support for 32GB of RAM next year, says KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. The analyst notes that Apple typically prices major upgrades higher in their launch year "before undergoing price cuts in the following year". Additionally, Kuo expects the new MacBook Pros to gain support for 32GB of RAM as long as Intel launches its Cannonlake processors on time. The new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25% less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3. If Cannonlake doesn’t enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB. Power users have expressed disappointment in Apple's decision to cap RAM at 16GB for this year's model. Apple SVP Phil Schiller says the new MacBook Pro maxes out at 16GB of RAM due to battery life concerns. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for more updates. Read More Follow iClarified Comments (23) Add Comment SpeakLogic - November 13, 2016 at 4:31am See I called it Apple sales are NOT as good as they say. Its all an illusion folks an illusion of progress when in fact we are going backwards in many ways.. Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Van G - November 2, 2016 at 8:33am Battery life concerns. While the damn thing gets thinner and thinner. Who cares how think the laptop is if it means hours in battery life?!??? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 1 Dear merchant - November 1, 2016 at 1:52pm the i7 upgrade should be 200$(the price difference on amazon) not 300$ :( Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 1 Ching Cheung Optametris - November 1, 2016 at 1:02pm This is 2016 apple, touch screen is everywhere not 2006 with touch bar. What kind of inovation is this? Or is it called courage again? Courage to downgrade macbook pro????? Reply · Like · Mark as Spam djsakljdslak - November 1, 2016 at 1:47pm It is 5X faster to press the touchbar than to lift your arm for the screen and you can have true full-screen apps with no controls popping in and out Reply · Like · Mark as Spam 18 More Comments Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
PhoneDog Android And Me TmoNews NEW Official Smartphone Rankings, Vote NOW! TodaysiPhone.com The source for news, reviews, and articles surrounding Apple. Navigation Home News / Articles App Reviews Accessory Reviews Podcast TiP Us Join the TiP team HOT TOPICS: iPhone 7 macOS Sierra iOS 10 watchOS 3 Apple Music You are here: Home > KGI: New MacBooks with 32GB of RAM coming in 2017 KGI: New MacBooks with 32GB of RAM coming in 2017 October 31, 2016 Peter Cao Leave a comment Prominent Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo from KGI is now reporting that new MacBooks with 32GB of RAM is coming in 2017. Kuo also expects a price cut in the MacBook line next year as well. Kuo sites Apple’s history when “major-upgraded models” are introduced, including the original MacBook Air and the retina MacBook Pro. He also believes that the USB-C market will become more mature and prominent and that the software and developer support for the Touch Bar will make it a solid upgrade. Finally, Kuo says that 32GB of RAM will be coming to the new MacBooks and will be announced in the second half of 2017. Unfortunately, he says this will heavily rely on Intel releasing its Cannonlake processors in time. (3) the new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25% less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3. If Cannonlake doesn’t enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB. Apple exec Phil Schiller has previously said in an email to a customer that 32GB of RAM doesn’t exist on the existing MacBook Pros due to battery concerns. Tags: KGI, MacBook, MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, Ming-Chi Kuo, touch bar About Peter Cao Peter has a passion for music and technology. He conceits himself by religiously rocking the Apple brand. You can find him on Twitter @iPeterCao. View all posts by Peter Cao → ← Report: Apple considering dropping Apple Music price The MacBook Pro’s Touch Bar reportedly made by Samsung, Apple testing OLED for future MacBook screens → Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Pay Less on Home Phone Service popular topics iPhone 8 to feature all glass back, new 5-inch model2 Apple releases iOS 10.0.3 to the iPhone 7, fixes cellular connectivity issues3 New MacBook Pros have 16GB of RAM max due to battery life concerns1 Over 50 new emojis just approved by Unicode 10, should be on iOS soon1 In a new interview, Phil Schiller discusses the new MacBook Pro1 iPhone 7 to be available in 4 additional countries on November 41 Apple Watch Nike+ launch details, bands will not be sold separately1 Opinion: The lack of Apple software quality on iOS1 Live blog: Apple's 'hello again' October 27 event1 PhoneDog Chromecast Ultra Unboxing, Setup and Demo with Google Home Software on some Android phones found to secretly send text messages to China, BLU devices affected Samsung Gear S3 Frontier hits T-Mobile on November 18 for $399 OnePlus 3T official with Snapdragon 821, beefier battery, and other upgrades Google PhotoScan app launches on Android and iOS to help you back up your printed photos OnePlus 3T images and spec list revealed ahead of official debut Sprint Black Friday deals include BOGO Samsung Galaxy S7, half-off HTC Bolt Android And Me Spyware allegedly found on brand new Google introduces PhotoScan app for Sprint announces Black Friday and holiday OnePlus 3T Leaked Ahead of Official Amazon Prime membership in the UK cut LG has sold over 200,000 V20 units in TmoNews Samsung Gear S3 Frontier launches at T-Mobile to launch Blue Coral Galaxy T-Mobile launches @Work All-In Bundle T-Mobile’s Blue Coral Galaxy S7 edge AT&T borrows T-Mobile Binge On to launch Next T-Mobile Tuesday will offer UE Alcatel Idol 4S with Windows 10 launches PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular iPad iTunes App Reviews Accessory Reviews Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2016 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Comment: Apple selling a $79 MacBook Pro power adapter without a USB-C cable is a step too far Trending in Apple Review: Late-2016 13-inch MacBook Pro without Touch Bar [Video] Trending in Apple All the dongles I bought for my new USB-C 2016 MacBook Pro — how annoying will it really be? Trending in Apple How Apple’s stock apps will use the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro [Gallery] Trending in Apple Opinion: How long before an iPhone completely replaces standalone cameras? Trending in Apple Poll: What is your view of the all-USB-C ports on the new MacBook Pro? October 31 AAPL: 113.54 -0.18 KGI: Apple to drop MacBook Pro prices, introduce new 32GB RAM option in 2017 Chance Miller - 2 weeks ago @ChanceHMiller MacBook Pro View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Apple may have just announced its latest MacBook Pro refresh, but a new note from reliable Apple analyst King-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities is already offering a look at what Apple has in store for next year’s models. According to the note, Apple is planning both a price cut as well as an internal hardware refresh for its MacBook Pro lineup. The report is overall optimistic about the 2017 MacBook lineup, noting that Apple tends to overprice at the start of a new MacBook generation before gradually lowering the price in the following year. Because of this, Kuo anticipates that Apple will announce price drops for its MacBook lineup during the second half of next year. Additionally, Kuo predicts that as the USB-C market matures and the Touch Bar matures, customers will become more enticed to upgrade. In terms of specs, however, Kuo anticipates that Apple will launch refreshed MacBook Pros in the second half of 2017 that offer support for 32GB of RAM. He notes that this is dependent upon whether or not Intel releases its Canonlake processors in time, though. Kuo explains that the Canonlake CPU with LPDDR 4 RAM consumes 15 percent to 25 percent less power than existing CPUs, thus allowing that power saving to be allotted to additional RAM. If, however, Intel is late in launching Cannonlake CPUs, Kuo predicts that Apple will adopt Coffee Lake processors, which use LPDDR 3 RAM, making out at 16GB because of power consumption. Apple executive Phil Schiller explained last week that the primary reason behind Apple’s decision to forgo offering a 32GB RAM option with the new MacBook Pros is because of power consumption. Apple’s new MacBook Pro lineup has been met with mixed reactions thus far. As our own polls have shown, users are hesitant to upgrade for a handful of different reasons, though the biggest reason behind the decision of most readers seems to relate to the price. Are you more likely to holdout for a 2017 price drop + spec upgrade now that KGI’s latest report is out? Let us know what you think in the comments and if you think Apple should have offered these benefits from the get-go… Guides MacBook Pro View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 Black Friday CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Black Friday Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close New MacBook Pros Said to Launch in 2017 With Price Cuts and Up to 32GB of RAM Monday October 31, 2016 9:35 pm PDT by Husain Sumra KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has released a new research report outlining why he's upbeat about MacBook growth in 2017. Kuo expects price cuts for both new and existing MacBooks in 2017 coupled with a refresh that adds support for 32GB RAM and more, bolstering his belief in the MacBook line next year. Kuo cites Apple's tendency to price "major-upgraded models," like the original MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, higher near the initial launch "before undergoing in price cuts in the following year" as precedent for price cuts in the second half of 2017. He also believes that the ecosystem for USB-C devices and software that takes advantage of the Touch Bar will become more mature, making it more enticing for users. Finally, Kuo expects refreshed MacBooks Pros to be launched in the second half of 2017 with support for 32GB of RAM. However, Kuo says this is dependent on whether Intel launches Cannonlake processors on time. (3) the new MacBook to be launched in 2H17 may support 32GB DRAM, eventually attracting more core users; this depends on whether or not Intel ships Cannonlake CPU on time in 2017, which features 15-25% less power consumption of LPDDR 4, versus the existing LPDDR 3. If Cannonlake doesn’t enter mass production as expected, the new models launched in 2H17 will adopt Coffee Lake, which continues to adopt LPDDR 3, and maximum DRAM support will also remain unchanged at 16GB. Many customers have been upset that the new MacBooks, which run more energy efficient Skylake processors, continue to max out at 16GB of RAM and cost more than previous-generation models. For instance, the entry-level 13-inch MacBook Pro with a Touch Bar starts at $1,799, $500 more than previous-generation models. Apple marketing chief Phil Schiller, in an email to MacRumors reader David, explained that for Apple to make a notebook with support for more than 16GB of RAM, it would have to use a memory system that consumes too much power. Regarding price, Schiller said in an interview that affordability is "absolutely something we care about" but that the company designs for experience rather than price. While Kuo expects price cuts for new and existing MacBooks, like both the 12-inch MacBook and the new MacBook Pros, it's unclear whether he expects Apple to offer support for up to 32GB of RAM for the 12-inch MacBook in addition to the MacBook Pros. Update: As pointed out by Ars Technica's Andrew Cunningham and others, Kuo's outline of chip possibilities does not match up with what is known from leaked Intel roadmaps. Intel is not planning MacBook Pro-class chips in the Cannonlake family at all, and Coffee Lake chips aren't arriving until 2018. Related Roundup: MacBook Pro Tag: Ming-Chi Kuo Buyer's Guide: MacBook Pro (Buy Now) [ 658 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Goaliegeek 2 weeks ago Well that was quick... will they make it thicker and add ports back? Rating: 75 Votes 2IS 2 weeks ago Who's cancelling their pre order? lol Rating: 70 Votes tjleonard 2 weeks ago Here we go! "Why I'll wait for the next MB Pro begins!" Rating: 69 Votes wozmatic 2 weeks ago Cool.... Great timing to do this next year after all of your customers left and bought other laptops Apple is being really stupid this year . . . . . . Rating: 68 Votes WRChris 2 weeks ago Next year is the year apple is going to make all your wildest dreams come true Rating: 47 Votes 8CoreWhore 2 weeks ago The entry level prices for the new 13" and 15" are $500 more! For a stupid bar? When was the last time new MacBooks were so much more expensive, and then took a price cut? Never. I don't buy that the first MacBook Air is an example of anything. That was a specialty product, unlike the staple laptops that generally just get better with the same price point. 8GB RAM is like $40. But Apple charges us $200 for it - to escape being stuck at just 8GB which is not a pro level performance. Before, it don't really matter because we would just put our own RAM in, but that's not an option anymore... Tim Cook is a disappointment. Rating: 46 Votes poematik13 2 weeks ago Just keep waiting, just keep waiting. lol. Also it'll be a cold day in hell when Intel actually released a CPU on schedule. Rating: 41 Votes dmylrea 2 weeks ago Who will still be paying attention to Apple in 2017 ?? Does it take being hit over the head with an overpriced Macbook to really see what is going on? Rating: 39 Votes nagromme 2 weeks ago Now we get price cuts, now we get 32GB of RAM? What the hell is going on at Apple? About a week ago Schiller said they don't build the MacBook for price they build it for experience. Has he changed his mind, is he now building for price and an even a poorer experience? This article isn't fact or an Apple announcement, just someone speculating what might happen if Intel stops missing their CPU timetables next year. Rating: 24 Votes pioneer9k 2 weeks ago I've already moved on. Tired of playing the waiting game. Rating: 24 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Google Debuts 'PhotoScan' App for Scanning Old Photos With iPhone 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Google today launched a new app called PhotoScan, which is designed to make it easy to scan printed photographs using your iPhone's camera. PhotoScan instructs users to take four separate... 51 comments Apple Seeds Third Beta of watchOS 3.1.1 to Developers 10 hours ago on iOS Blog Apple today seeded the third beta of an upcoming watchOS 3.1.1 update to developers for testing purposes, just over a week after seeding the second watchOS 3.1.1 beta and three weeks after releasing... 3 comments Apple Reintroduces Butt-Like Peach Emoji in iOS 10.2 Beta 3 Following User Complaints 12 hours ago on iOS Blog iOS 10.2, currently being beta tested, introduces new artwork for many existing emoji. Apple has made an effort to add more detail to emoji, for a more realistic, vivid look that works well with the... 80 comments Pixelmator Gains Support for macOS Sierra Features, MacBook Pro Touch Bar 15 hours ago on Mac Blog Popular Mac image editing app Pixelmator today received a major update that incorporates many features included in macOS Sierra and introduces support for the Touch Bar on the new MacBook Pro. ... 17 comments Apple in Talks to Build Flagship Melbourne Store as Two Next-Gen U.S. Stores Set to Reopen This Week 15 hours ago on Mac Blog After a decade-long search, Apple is believed to be in the final stages of negotiating a deal to open a new AU$50 million flagship retail store in Melbourne's iconic Federation Square,... 7 comments Twitter Addresses Anti-Harassment Concerns With New Mute Filter and Reporting Features 16 hours ago on iOS Blog Almost three months after news first broke that Twitter was planning to launch new features in order to address a bevy of concerns leveled at the company in regards to bullying and harassment among... 14 comments Nintendo Announces 'Super Mario Run' Will Launch on December 15 for $9.99 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Nintendo today confirmed that its iOS endless runner game, Super Mario Run, will launch on iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch on December 15 for $9.99, a price that will allow users "full... 102 comments Shazam Backtracking After Mac App Discovered to Retain Microphone Access Even When Toggled Off 17 hours ago on Mac Blog Music-recognizing app Shazam retains access to the Mac's microphone, keeping it in a constant on state, even when Shazam has been turned off. The potentially worrisome feature was discovered by... 16 comments • Apple Patent Hints at Next-Generation AirPods With Biometric Sensors (24) • WhatsApp Gains End-to-End Encrypted Video Calling (17) • TOMS Unveils New Line of Apple Watch Bands (53) • Nonprofit Organizations Now Able to Accept Apple Pay Donations (15) • Apple Seeds Third Beta of tvOS 10.1 to Developers (21) • Samsung Buying Automobile Accessory Company Harman for $8 Billion (40) • Microsoft Launching 'Visual Studio' Coding Platform for Mac This Week (33)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade 'Gods and Glory' is The Debut Title from 'World of Tanks' Publisher's WG Labs Agent Venom Coming to 'Marvel Puzzle Quest' this Week 'Flip King' is The Next Game From 'Ball King' Developer Qwiboo We're Streaming iOS Games Live on Mobcrush [Offline] 'Escape: Close Call' is All About Avoiding Accidents with Style, Coming to iOS Soon Apple Might be Developing Digital Glasses With an Eye to Augmented Reality AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
  Articles & News Forum Graphics & Displays CPU Components Motherboards Games Storage Overclocking Tutorials All categories Chart For IT Pros Get IT Center Brands Tutorials Other sites Tom's Guide Tom's IT Pro Login | Sign Up The authority on tech Search Tags: Builds Cases Cooling CPUs Graphics Laptops Memory Monitors Motherboards more Peripherals PSUs Storage VR Cooling Review Cooler Master MasterAir Pro 3 & Pro 4 CPU Cooler Review by Thomas Soderstrom October 31, 2016 at 9:00 AM 31 Comments Page 1:Introducing MasterAir Pro Page 2:Test Results And Final Analysis Page 1:Introducing MasterAir Pro Page 2:Test Results And Final Analysis Cooler Master continues to cash in on the “Master” part of its name with its new MasterAir series of basic heatsink and fan CPU coolers, yet its mid-market pricing remains. The MasterAir Pro 4 is available for only $45, and the MasterAir Pro 3 for $40. Given the relatively large size difference and small price difference, people with the space for the Pro 4 will likely choose it. A quick look shows a few other things that Cooler Master devotees will recognize, such as the direct contact heat pipe design. These are flattened on one side to provide optimal surface area, and sanded smooth. The process leaves shallow grooves between the pipes that should be manually filled with thermal compound prior to installation. The MasterAir Pro 3 has three heat pipes, while the Pro 4 has four. Other differences include a heat sink designed to hold an included 92mm fan on the Pro 3, and a 120mm fan on the Pro 4. The Pro 3 heatsink is also offset half an inch from the fan, reducing fan overhang to ½” forward of center. Both coolers come with an extra set of fan brackets to ease the addition of a fan on the opposite side of the heat sink, in a so-called (by enthusiasts) push-pull configuration. Both coolers also support the full range of Intel Square ILM mounting patterns (LGA 775 through 2011-v3), as well as the parts to replace the four-bolt cooler bracket of most enthusiast-grade AMD motherboards. Pin-type mounting brackets are also included for motherboards that don’t support rear-mounted support plates, as I experienced in my June 2013 Compact Gaming PC Build. As a motherboard tester, I also like that they can be removed quickly. MasterAir Pro coolers come with two different kinds of standoffs and nuts that match one of those sets. Most CPU sockets require placing the motherboard support plate behind the motherboard, and the taller standoffs have a flat side so that they won’t turn when mated to that support plate. Those builders will push the standoff through the motherboard’s CPU cooler mounting holes, into matching holes in the support plate, and attach the nuts behind that plate. The shorter standoffs screw directly into the integrated support plate of LGA 2011 and 2011-v3 motherboards. The MasterAir Pro 3 fits with its logo upside-down, and is likely intended to be installed “backwards” using the case’s exhaust fan as an intake. We’re not flipping all of our fans to accomplish that, though I was tempted to pop the cover off the cooler and flip it rightside-up. The MasterAir Pro 4 fits with its logo rightside-up in our case, when following Cooler Master’s instructions regarding which way to orient the divots near the center of the heatsink’s fins. Being a larger cooler, it also fills up most of the space surrounding our CPU. Specifications Cooler Master MasterAir Pro 4 No Review $45.00 Suggested price Height 6.3" (159mm) Width 5.1" (129mm) Depth 3.3" (84mm) Base Height 1.4" (36mm) Assy. Offset 25mm FW (w/Fan) Cooling Fans 120mm x 25mm Connectors PWM Weight 24 Ounces Intel Sockets 775, 115x, 1366, 2011x AMD Sockets 4-bolt Rectangular Warranty 5-years Cooler Master MasterAir Pro 3 No Review $40.00 Suggested price Height 5.5" (140mm) Width 4.6" (117mm) Depth 3.1" (78mm) Base Height 1.5" (38mm) Assy. Offset 12mm FW (w/Fan) Cooling Fans 92mm x 25mm Connectors PWM Weight 20 Ounces Intel Sockets 775, 115x, 1366, 2011x AMD Sockets 4-bolt Rectangular Warranty 5-years Cooler Master MasterAir Pro 4 Cooler Master MasterAir Pro 3 Cooler Master gives buyers of the MasterAir Pro 4 and MasterAir Pro 3 an atypically-long 5-year warranty. MORE: Best CPU Cooling MORE: How To Choose A CPU Cooler Next Summary Introducing MasterAir Pro Test Results And Final Analysis About the author Thomas Soderstrom Read more Cooling Cooler Master Add a comment Comment Firstname Submit Ask a Category Expert Create a new thread in the US Reviews comments forum about this subject Title Subject Title Publish 31 comments Your comment ajpaolello Oct 31, 2016, 9:58 AM Geez I hope you figure out what went wrong with the MasterPro 3 0 DynamoNED Oct 31, 2016, 11:49 AM That's unfortunate about the MasterAir Pro 3. I'm still using a Cooler Master Hyper N520 92mm cooler in one of my older Linux machines, and I was hoping the Pro 3 would prove a worthy successor. I also hope you determine what the issue was with the Pro 3. Also, comparison data from a Hyper 212 EVO or 212 X would be helpful, but I understand you don't have time to bench everything. Thanks for the review. 1 chassmith Oct 31, 2016, 1:20 PM "a spectacular deal for buyers who value longevity more than frugality." it is double the cost of the deep cool and dose a worse job, tom call a spade a spade and recommend the deepcool 0 logainofhades Oct 31, 2016, 1:53 PM At that price, I would still recommend a cryorig H5, or h7. 6 chassmith Oct 31, 2016, 2:14 PM just looked up the cryorig H5, DANG is that a pritty cooler \(^_^) odd that it was not inc in the test and or no Noctua? the price for the BE quite is close to a Noctua. I kinda feel like this articular is trying to make this cooler seem ....cooler then it is 0 buzznut Oct 31, 2016, 2:22 PM "So called push/pull" I've never heard it called anything else.... 1 anghellic Oct 31, 2016, 2:22 PM noctua still seems like the best in line for cpu air coolers -1 10tacle Oct 31, 2016, 3:02 PM Tweaktown's results with their CM PRO 3: http://www.tweaktown.com/reviews/7920/cooler-master-masterair-pro-3-cpu-review/index6.html This is not a $40 cooler. More like a $25 dollar one. CM is way off on their pricing even if it's geared towards those with limited room and want a more quiet cooler. The low-to-mid range air cooler market segment is getting very busy with competition these days. While the PRO 4 seems like a competitive entry, the PRO 3 falls flat just on pricing alone. 2 logainofhades Oct 31, 2016, 3:15 PM Especially with the Cryorig M9i/M9a, and the Raijintek Aidos usually being so inexpensive, with performance similar to a 212 evo. 2 Crashman Oct 31, 2016, 4:56 PM Anonymous said: "a spectacular deal for buyers who value longevity more than frugality." it is double the cost of the deep cool and dose a worse job, tom call a spade a spade and recommend the deepcool It actually cools 1° better and costs 50% more. And the DeepCool already got our recommendations. Furthermore, I wouldn't have even thought to call you that. 1 chassmith Oct 31, 2016, 5:08 PM Anonymous said: Anonymous said: "a spectacular deal for buyers who value longevity more than frugality." it is double the cost of the deep cool and dose a worse job, tom call a spade a spade and recommend the deepcool It actually cools 1° better and costs 50% more. And the DeepCool already got our recommendations. Furthermore, I wouldn't have even thought to call you that. -_- well played sir. however 1 degree and 50% more dose not = a spectacular deal 2 Crashman Oct 31, 2016, 5:32 PM Anonymous said: Anonymous said: Anonymous said: "a spectacular deal for buyers who value longevity more than frugality." it is double the cost of the deep cool and dose a worse job, tom call a spade a spade and recommend the deepcool It actually cools 1° better and costs 50% more. And the DeepCool already got our recommendations. Furthermore, I wouldn't have even thought to call you that. -_- well played sir. however 1 degree and 50% more dose not = a spectacular deal I just checked, it didn't get the spectacular deal award, it got the Approved award. The Gammaxx 400 got the Choice award, which is two levels higher, in spite of its short warranty and rumors from a few buyers that the short warranty is necessary. 0 chassmith Oct 31, 2016, 5:41 PM me to thx 0 DotNetMaster777 Oct 31, 2016, 6:02 PM Excellent cooler !!! 0 Calculatron Oct 31, 2016, 6:26 PM Could there, perchance, be something wrong with the MasterAir Pro 3's heatpipes? Did one of them suffer damage, or something? It doesn't seem like it should be performing that "poorly". 0 Crashman Oct 31, 2016, 7:09 PM Anonymous said: Could there, perchance, be something wrong with the MasterAir Pro 3's heatpipes? Did one of them suffer damage, or something? It doesn't seem like it should be performing that "poorly". No visible damage, perhaps a manufacturing defect? 0 synphul Oct 31, 2016, 7:56 PM It's odd that the gammaxx 400 became the choice of 'go to' for the comparison, I would have thought the list would have at least included the 212 evo. Coolermaster's own previous cooler to see if these were any update. By frostytech's measurements (which don't always seem to align to other test results) the 212 evo still outperforms the gammaxx 400 (of which there aren't many reviews). Suggesting it would also tie or outperform these new coolers at just over half the cost these are asking. For that matter depending on how much room someone has they could go with a reeven justice or thermalright true spirit 140 power and get nh-d14 performance for $42-50 respectively. These appear lackluster and over priced. The 212 evo is the same height as the masterair pro 4 and comparative results suggest they perform the same. So what else is cooler master bringing to the table exactly besides a fatter price tag? I can't tell from the pics, did they manage to correct the ram conflict with the masterair pro 4 that existed with the 212 evo? That's one of the improvements cryorig made with their h7 and h5 universal, alleviating the ram interference (at least on intel boards). The h7 costs less and likely cools the same or better than the pro 4 while being more the size of the pro 3. Part of the pro3's issue with rough temps aside from the convex base may be due to the fact it only has 3 heat pipes. It's essentially a modern tx3 which didn't fair so well under heavier loads and higher temps either. Most lower/mid range budget coolers are using 4 heat pipes, not 3. Mid to upper range coolers are using 6, 7, 8 heat pipes. Most likely because 3 just won't cut it. 0 vaughn2k Nov 1, 2016, 3:14 AM I am still using a Gammaxx 400.. no reason to buy this.. 0 Crashman Nov 1, 2016, 3:58 AM Anonymous said: It's odd that the gammaxx 400 became the choice of 'go to' for the comparison Not so odd when you consider it's the Editor's Choice CPU cooler. Our Hyper 212 EVO hasn't been around for years...but I did consider the three-heat-pipe issue when I decided not to just pitch the Pro 3 from the comparison. I also thought of the direction of the core vs the direction of curvature of the Pro 3's base. 0 synphul Nov 1, 2016, 6:36 AM Anonymous said: Not so odd when you consider it's the Editor's Choice CPU cooler. Our Hyper 212 EVO hasn't been around for years...but I did consider the three-heat-pipe issue when I decided not to just pitch the Pro 3 from the comparison. I also thought of the direction of the core vs the direction of curvature of the Pro 3's base. Right I knew where you were coming from with the gammaxx 400 since it was an award winner. I just figured with the popularity of the 212 evo and the fact it was cooler master's previous flagship budget cooler it would have been included to show what gains if any cooler master has made in 5 years. The masterair pro 3 and 4 look like modern updates to the tx3 and 212 +/evo. I couldn't tell if anything had actually been updated on these like ram clearance compatibility or anything since the 212 and tx3 or if they're more or less a more expensive direct replacement model. It's still pretty early with comparisons of these new coolers but other reviews don't seem to pit them against the 212 evo either. It does look like the pro 3 offset the heat pipes a bit for better ram clearance but the pro 4 didn't. They updated the fans, that may be a plus. The downside is that so many places already have the 212 evo and if it performs the same as the pro 4 there's little justification in the price. The 212 evo has been steadily selling for $25-30 usd, $45 is a hard sell. If the evo's were priced at $45 they'd likely be collecting dust on a shelf, outshone by less expensive and equally as capable coolers. $45 is within striking distance of their own hyper 612 v2, raijintek ereboss, a couple decent reeven coolers or the dark rock 3. They do have a nice appeal with the black cover facing out vs the bare aluminum fins of the older models but at this point it seems like they're competing with their own products from 5yrs ago and the old products are beating the new models on price/performance. I was hoping they would have made significant improvements for a 50%+ cost increase. The name may be more in line with their 'master' series but they could have just as easily named the pro 4 the 212 evo v2 or 212 ++. Even if they stop production of the 212 evo and let current stock dry up the competition's already undercutting them. 0 Display more comments Comment Firstname Submit Most Popular EK Performance 280 and 360 Liquid Cooling Kit Review: Open Loops Made Easy NZXT Releases The Kraken X52, Mutates X42 And X62 Best Cooling Also for masterwatt-maker Cooler Master MasterWatt Maker 1200 No Review $449.99 On Newegg CoolerMaster MasterWatt Maker 1200 No Review $449.99 On Newegg The Latest On Tom's Hardware Wooting One Analog Keyboard Completes Trial Production,... - News OpenAI To Use Microsoft’s Azure Data Centers For Deep L... - News MSI’s Trident Makes VR-Ready Desktops Even Smaller - News Unreal Engine 4.14 Brings Forward Rendering, Contact Sh... - News Twitter Grapples With Harassment By Expanding Mute Filt... - News Nvidia Driver Version 375.86 Covers 'Battlefield 1,' 'S... - News VR Business Comms Is Tricky, But WorldViz Offers Widesp... - News Lian Li's PC-O10 Pairs ATX Motherboard With SFX Power S... - News Here's A Sneak Peek At Next Week's "Ascension" Update F... - News Samsung 960 EVO NVMe SSD Review - Review Smach Z: A Modular Gaming PC In Your Hands - News HP Introduces The Z2 Mini G3 (Updated) - News Tom's Hardware Around the World Tom's Hardware Around the World Russia France Germany UK Italy USA Subscribe to Tom's Hardware Search the site Ok About Tom's Hardware Advertising About us Contact Purch Privacy Policy Terms Of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Copyright © 2016 Purch Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved Tom's Hardware Guide ™ Ad choices
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Email RSS Feed Twitter Facebook Follow Us: Good Gear Guide > Notebooks > Reviews > MSI > Review: MSI GS63VR Stealth Pro 4K laptop: high-end... Review: MSI GS63VR Stealth Pro 4K laptop: high-end, portable gaming The best portable gaming laptop we've seen Gordon Mah Ung PC World (US online) 31/10/16 Review Specs Images User Reviews Buy Now Tweet 3 Users want this Expert Rating 4.00 / 5 Pros Powerful Portable Colourful Cons Mediocre audio Can't play games at 4K Bottom Line You can finally have your portability and your performance at the same time. But it may be worth choosing the 1080p model to save money as the 1060 can't quite manage 4K gaming. Would you buy this? Yes 3 No 1 Price $ 3,199.00 (AUD) Special Offers Coupon: Dell XPS Laptops Coupon We've seen some enormous gaming laptops lately. There's been the Asus ROG G752 OC Edition and the even-faster MSI GT73VR Titan. But both of these behemoths are portable in name only. We've not seen a properly powerful portable notebook for a good while. The MSI GS63VR Stealth Pro 4K is the first laptop I’ve seen using Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 1060, and I’m suitably impressed. In fact, I’m blown away by the amount of performance that can be squeezed into a laptop that’s actually portable. How portable? On our postal scale, the laptop weighs 1.8KG sans power brick. Granted, it’s not as featherlight as an ultrabook, but the Stealth is right in the neighborhood of the svelte Dell XPS 15 and Apple MacBook Pro 15. The MSI GS63VR Stealth is a little bigger than a MacBook Pro 15 (2013-2016) and Dell’s latest XPS 15, but it packs a much bigger punch with its GeForce GTX 1060 GPU. The build Inside the Stealth Pro 4K, you get an Intel 6th-gen quad-core Core i7-6700HQ paired with 16GB of DDR4/2133 RAM. For storage, our $3,199 review sample came with a 256GB Samsung SM951 SSD and 1TB hard drive. Who makes the hard drive? Do you care? The 15.6-inch monitor is a wide-viewing-angle 4K panel with a light anti-glare coating. The review SKU is 055AU but you can get a non-4K (1080p) variant with a 128GB M.2 SSD for $2,799 (SKU - 056AU). Before you start complaining that this system should have a quad-core Kaby Lake CPU, you should know 7th-gen quad-core Kaby Lake CPUs won’t grace computers until early next year, so this is the current state of the art. The real star of the show is, of course, that GeForce GTX 1060. If you’re not caught up on current events, Nvidia has dropped the “M” from its laptop GPUs because it feels its mobile parts are the equal of their desktop counterparts. For the most part that’s true, as you can see from this quick spec sheet I cobbled together: The mobile GPU has the same CUDA core count and memory bandwidth as its equivalent desktop chip. The main difference between desktop and laptop GPU is in the clock speed, where the notebook gives up a little bit of speed. Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 1060 for notebooks gives up a little clock speed but is otherwise identical to its desktop counterpart. On the exterior, the laptop has the MSI “look and feel” but with plenty of gamer appeal. The backlit keyboard has three-zone lighting, and there’s a 10-key number pad, but it’s so small that anyone with big meat claws will find it challenging. The key action is okay, but not noteworthy. The same can be said of the piano-hinge trackpad, which feels metallic, but also works reasonably well. The keyboard features a three-zone backlight but it isn’t particularly bright. The shell itself is brushed magnesium-lithium. There’s a slight give when you squeeze the body but nothing that would appear to compromise the device. For ports, you get three USB Type A 5GBps, one USB Type A 480Mbps, a Thunderbolt 3.0 port, HDMI 2.0, and a Mini DisplayPort. You also get gigabit ethernet using a Killer NIC controller, an SD card reader, a Kingston lock, and two analog audio jacks. The Wi-Fi is also a KillerNIC part supporting 802.11ac. The entire bottom of the MSI GS63VR Stealth is covered with a suede-like material that actually makes it comfortable to use on your lap. Next: Performance 1 2 3 4 next ›› Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read more on these topics: notebooks, msi, nvidia, gaming notebooks, gaming laptop, intel, laptop Comments Read User Reviews Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 2 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 3 ​Panasonic DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review: Best all-round TV ever? 4 ​Parrot Mambo Drone review 5 ​Evapolar USB air conditioner review Latest News Articles Apple leads tablet sales, but the iPad Pro is not its best seller Latest MacBook Pro price reset resembles shift to Retina in 2012 Apple design chief Jony Ive rules out touchscreen Macs Lenovo's ThinkPad X1 Tablet modules add features but limit functionality Apple’s new MacBook Pro may be the world’s fastest stock laptop Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review A 5 Minute Chat With Major Nelson 100 Best things at PAX Australia 2016 so far Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs CCSenior Business Analyst-Salesforce CRMNSW CCDigital Marketing StrategistVIC CCNetwork Solution Designer/Architect - Finance - Contract - SydneyNSW FTInformation Security Specialist - Finance - Permanent - Sydney CBDNSW CCSenior Business Analyst - IT Transformation ProjectsNSW CCAAA DeveloperNSW FTAutomated Test AnalystNSW FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Technical ArchitectSA CCContract Analyst Programmer (Java/Oracle/Unix) 161110/AP/vhaAsia CCProject ManagerNSW CCiOS Developer - 6 Month ContractNSW TPProject Manager - Enterprise ApplicationsNSW CCChange ManagerNSW FTGeneral Manager - Software Development & ITVIC CCSenior Citrix EngineerNSW FTBusiness Analyst - OTC DerivativesAsia TPProject CoordinatorNSW CCSenior Marketing Planning Manager - Small Business SegmentVIC FTProfessional Learning Facilitator - Information ManagementVIC FTTechnical LeadNSW TPAgile Coach. Business AgilityNSW FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Manufacturing ConsultantWA PTService Desk Operator(Part-Time)SA FTEnterprise ArchitectNSW CCSenior Developer - Java and AWSVIC Back to top • Home Share this review: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles Are networks prepared for the live virtual reality experience? computerworld.com.au Cybersecurity skills “chasm” widening as Trend Micro joins rush to stake its claim cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Sony builds on distie partnership with Alloys arnnet.com.au Ladbrokes Australia gets first GM of customer experience and innovation cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Username Password Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
Login All Reviews Editorials News AT&T to Intro Opt-out 'Stream Saver' Video Quality Throttling in 2017 Samsung Buying Harman to Take on Apple's CarPlay iTunes Store Offers 93 Classic Rock Albums at $7.99 Tips macOS Sierra: Using Markup in Photos iOS 10 Maps: Adding Pit Stops Along Your Route Podcasts TMO Daily Observations 2016-11-15: Apple's Coffee Table Book, HP's Campaign to Win Mac Users TMO Background Mode: Interview with Creator & Host of The MacCast Podcast Adam Christianson View All Results → X-Doria Evervue Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Poor Marks Review: Charge and Listen on iPhone 7 with Belkin Lightning Audio + Charge RockStar Silk Innovation Transparent Case for iPhone 7: Highest Marks NuGuard KX Case for iPhone 7 Offers Superb Protection Apple Leather Case for iPhone 7, Same Style with Better Buttons View All Reviews → Considering Rumors of Apple AR Glasses with Tim Cook's Comments on Google Glass Why Is There So Much Pain Extracting Truth From Apple? Stick It In (or On) Your Ear Analyst Says iPhone SE Was a One-Off for Apple PSA: Please Vote View All Editorials → TMO Background Mode: Interview with Serial Entrepreneur Mark Fuccio John Martellaro @jmartellaro Oct 31st, 2016 6:34 PM EST | The Mac Observer's Background Mode Podcast Mark Fuccio has had a distinguished career in tech. He started with an B.S. in Electrical Engineering from M.I.T. After graduation, he joined Philips Labs in Briarcliff, NY. He’s been a marketing manager at Silicon Graphics, Inc. and a senior director at Drobo, Inc. for Products and Markets. We chatted about the evolution of Unix workstations, the early days of Unix GUIs, how CPU and GPU technology advanced, how Apple moved to (BSD) Unix and Intel and turned the tables on the workstation industry (along with Microsoft). We also chatted about the philosophy of marketing as well as technical issues related to storage—and how Drobo solved those problems. Mark tells the story about a career in which he followed his vision, worked with startups, and created his own path to this day. Geekfest! MP3 Feed Feedback TMO Background Mode: Interview with Serial Entrepreneur Mark Fuccio 6:34 PM Oct. 31st, 2016 — Download: MP3 Version (AAC Version Coming Soon) Mark Fuccio has had a distinguished career in tech. He started with an B.S. in Electrical Engineering from M.I.T. After graduation, he joined Philips Labs...   My Background Mode interview with Mark Fuccio Mark on Twitter. Mark on LinkedIn. _______________________ Support TMO when you buy your Apple gear from Apple TMO Background Mode Twitter feed Archive of all Background Mode Shows. The background on my Background Mode podcast. Send your comments to observations@macobserver.com or marty@macobserver.com Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Reddit Add a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Log in to comment (TMO, Twitter, Facebook) or Register for a TMO Account Advertise Here Support TMO Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store The TMO Express Newsletter emails you the latest Apple headlines every weekday. Newsletter Featured Editorials HP Exploits Apple’s Mac Pro Void with New Z2 Mini John Martellaro | November 15, 2016 Thinking Differently about Apple's $299 Coffee Table Book Bryan Chaffin | November 15, 2016 TMO Weekly Sponsor Black Friday Giveaway From MacXDVD. Grab it free to download YouTube videos, convert video format, edit and record videos. Only 1000 free copies issued daily. Sponsors AAPL Stock Price $107.11 +1.40 (1.32%) Quotes are delayed. Currency in USD. Sponsors TMO Deals Reader Specials Support TMO, Buy from Amazon, MacMall and The Apple Store 5863 John Martellaro background-mode 0 1477938897 Navigation News Reviews Tutorials Podcasts Contact Categories TMO Deals Columns Editorials Quick Tips Apple Death Knells View All Categories Archive 2015 Archive 2014 Archive 2013 Archive 2012 Archive 2011 Archive View Full Archive Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Podcast Directory Author Directory Advertising
  SOFTPEDIA® DESKTOP Windows Games Drivers Mac Linux MOBILE Android APK Phones Tablets WEB Webscripts Web Browsers NEWS Softpedia > News > Linux > Open Source Software FLASH SALE: VDownloader      50% OFF! Linux Kernel 4.8.6 Updates Wireless and AMDGPU Drivers, Fixes ARM Issues GO All users of the Linux 4.8 kernel branch must update Nov 1, 2016 00:30 GMT  ·  By Marius Nestor  ·  Share:  On October 31, 2016, Linux kernel maintainer Greg Kroah-Hartman was proud to announce the release and general availability of the sixth maintenance update to the Linux 4.8 kernel series. That's right, Linux kernel 4.8.6 is here, only three days after the quite big release of Linux kernel 4.8.5, but don't be fooled into thinking it's a small update because that's not the case. According to the appended shortlog and the diff from last week's Linux 4.8.5 build, it appears that today's Linux 4.8.6 kernel changes a total of 136 files, with 1387 insertions and 854 deletions. "I'm announcing the release of the 4.8.6 kernel. All users of the 4.8 kernel series must upgrade," said Greg Kroah-Hartman. "The updated 4.8.y git tree can be found at: git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git linux-4.8.y and can be browsed at the normal kernel.org git web browser: http://git.kernel.org/?p=linux/kernel/git/stable/linux-stable.git;a=summary." Here's what was changed since Linux kernel 4.8.5 As mentioned before, Linux kernel 4.8.6 is a fairly big release, and it looks like the biggest changes since Linux kernel 4.8.5 are updates to the AMDGPU, Crypto Marvell, AMD PowerPlay, Intel i915, Radeon, VC4, vmwgfx, InfiniBand, Ethernet (Intel i40e), Wireless (Atheros ath10k and Intel iwlwifi), Non-Volatile Dual In-line Memory Module (NVDIMM), PCI, PINCTRL, s390, SCSI (mpt3sas and cxlflash), and staging drivers. But there are also various other improvements to the ARM, PowerPC (PPC), and x86 hardware architectures, the Btrfs, Ceph, EXT2, EXT4, F2FS, JFFS2, JFS, OCFS2, OrangeFS, ReiserFS, and XFS filesystems, as well as the usual perf, mm, core kernel, and sound enhancements. If you're using a GNU/Linux distro powered by a kernel from the Linux 4.8 series, please update as soon as possible to Linux kernel 4.8.6, whose sources are available for download right now from kernel.org or through our website. #Linux kernel 4.8.6#Linux 4.8.6#Linux kernel#Linux 4.8#Linux subscribe feedly old reader newsblur digg reader rss feed reddit it! flip it share it tweet it Related  ·  Hot right now  ·  Latest news Debian GNU/Linux 9 "Stretch" to Drop Support for the PowerPC (PPC) Architecture Calamares 2.4.3 Linux Installer Supports Early Debian Initramfs LUKS Unlocking Salix Xfce 14.2 Live Edition Is Almost Here, First Release Candidate Is Out Now Kodi 17 "Krypton" Media Center Gets One More Beta, Adds Android Improvements Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year Firefox 50.0 Officially Released for Linux, Mac and Windows, Here's What's New Some U.S. Android Phones Have Secret Backdoor That Sends Data to China Apple Insider Says iPhone 6 Plus Has a Major Bug, Company Should Start Recall Microsoft Pledges to Completely Retire Office 2007 Next Year X.Org Server 1.19.0 Officially Released, Coming Soon to a Linux Distro Near You Red Hat Software Collections 2.3 and Red Hat Developer Toolset 6 Available Now Linux Kernel 4.4.32 LTS Adds Networking Improvements, Updated AMDGPU Drivers    Linux kernel 4.8.6 released New Linux Apps openSUSE Linux: The new and improved SUSE Linux operating system, a community-driven distribution Linux Kernel: What you are about to download is the core of all the Linux operating systems in the world Linux Kernel: The core of the Linux operating systems, created and maintained by Linus Torvalds Tor Browser: Browse the web anonymously with the custom and private web browser from the Tor project KDE Frameworks: This project contains all the KDE libraries and code base for KDE applications and platform darktable: Your personal virtual lighttable and darkroom, photography workflow & RAW management application LFA (Linux For All): A 64-bit only Linux-based operating system that features four desktop environments Reader comments Load old comments   Mozilla Firefox 50.0 Now Available for Download, Brings Built-in Emoji on Linux more on: Mozilla Firefox 50.0 i softpedia®     Like 202K    +1 56K     Follow 13K © 2001-2016 Softpedia. All rights reserved. Softpedia® and the Softpedia® logo are registered trademarks of SoftNews NET SRL. Privacy Policy news tip feedback      
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»SGI Awarded $27M Systems Contract with the Army Research Laboratory Defense Supercomputing Resource Center 01.11.2016 | 00:52 (48 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire SGI Awarded $27M Systems Contract with the Army Research Laboratory Defense Supercomputing Resource Center DoD selects SGI systems with the upgrade of its Army Research Laboratory high performance computing technology MILPITAS, Calif., 2016-11-01 00:46 CET (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today, SGI (NASDAQ:SGI), a global leader in high-performance solutions for compute, data analytics, and data management, announced that the United States Department of Defense (DoD) has selected SGI® ICE™ XA for two of its Army Research Laboratory Defense Supercomputing Resource Center (ARL DSRC) systems. The upgrades are part of a technology insertion, known as TI-16, for their High Performance Computing Modernization Program (HPCMP). HPCMP delivers world-class commercial, high-end, high-performance computational capabilities to DoD's Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDT&E) community through its five DoD Supercomputing Resource Centers (DSRCs). With HPC technology, DoD scientists and engineers can utilize physics-based simulations to achieve better understanding of a variety of phenomena affecting national defense. The upgraded systems also allow quick data searches that are generated from field tests across a wide spectrum of military operations. Powerful supercomputers help with data quality, increasing situational awareness, and advancing soldier performance with live and virtual data analytics. The new SGI systems will be leveraged to scale algorithms, increase real-time experimental data processing and methods for live-virtual simulations. The agreement for ARL DSRC system #1 values at $8.9 million, and ARL DSRC system #2 at $17.6 million. SGI was also awarded four annual maintenance options over the next four years, allowing DoD to leverage its world-class professional services available 24/7. The work for both systems will be performed at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, with an estimated completion date of April 24, 2021. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntsville, Alabama, has been delegated contracting authority for these agreements. Announcement Highlights -- DoD has selected SGI to increase supercomputing power with two ARL DSRC systems -- DoD's investment in supercomputers helps with data quality, increasing situational awareness, and advancing soldier performance with live and virtual data analytics; it also allows DoD scientists and engineers to achieve a better understanding of a variety of phenomena affecting national defense -- The upgraded SGI systems will help DoD scale algorithms, increase real-time experimental data processing and methods for live-virtual simulations Technical Information -- ARL DSRC system #1 will deploy SGI® ICE™ XA with quad node blade and E-Cell technology, utilizing the 22-core Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2699 v4 to achieve peak compute power -- ARL DSRC system #1 will be comprised of 33,088 compute cores offering 1.16 Petaflops capability, a Mellanox Enhanced Data Rate (EDR) as a 1:1 non-blocking Fat-Tree with 3.4 PB usable storage based on SGI InfiniteStorage 5600i technology -- ARL DSRC system #2 will deploy SGI® ICE™ XA comprised of 73,920 Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2698 v4 compute cores, offering 2.6 Petaflops capability, a Mellanox Enhanced Data Rate (EDR)-based 1:1 non-blocking Fat-Tree and 11.8 PB usable storage based on SGI InfiniteStorage 5600i technology Supporting Quotes "We're excited to partner with SGI for our TI-16 DoD program, and have full confidence in the system's ability to provide excellent performance," said Dr. Raju Namburu, director of ARL DSRC. "Choosing the right HPC partners is crucial, as we rely on supercomputing and large-scale analytics and predictive sciences to provide the competitive edge we need to maintain our position as the nation's premier laboratory for land forces." "We believe that the two SGI systems will bring a unique capability to solve DoD's most challenging problems," said Thomas Kendall, technical director of ARL DSRC. "The combination of a non-blocking, fat-tree topology, based on the recently available 100 Gbps EDR technology and the newest server CPU technology will enable a wide range of applications to consistently achieve high levels of performance." "DoD's annual, recurring investment in HPC is a testament to its belief in the power and strategic value of supercomputing," said Jorge Titinger, president and CEO, SGI. "Expanding our partnership with ARL DSCR is the result of our record of exceptional HPC performance with previous DoD systems. We have had a healthy long-standing relationship with HPCMP over the last two decades, and we remain committed to delivering to DoD new innovative technology and the highest level of service and management. We look forward to continuing our partnership with one of the most important institutions in our nation." Suggested Tweets -- Army Research Labs chooses @SGI_Corp HPC system for latest HPCMP deployment @INTEL supercomputer http://bit.ly/2e5Qtps -- ARL uses @SGI_Corp supercomputer to scale algorithms increase real-time experimental data processing and methods for live-virtual simulations HPC http://bit.ly/2e5Qtps About SGI SGI is a global leader in high-performance solutions for compute, data analytics, and data management that enable customers to accelerate time to discovery, innovation, and profitability. Visit sgi.com (sgi.com/) for more information. Connect with SGI on Twitter (@sgi_corp), YouTube (youtube.com/sgicorp), Facebook (facebook.com/sgiglobal) and LinkedIn (linkedin.com/company/sgi). Grayling Public Relations: Crystal Yang | (415) 593-1188 | sgi@grayling.com SGI Investor Relations Contact: Ben Liao | (669) 900-8090 | bliao@sgi.com © 2016 Silicon Graphics International Corp. All rights reserved. SGI and the SGI logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Silicon Graphics International Corp. or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. Intel and Xeon are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation. All other product and service names mentioned are the trademarks of their respective companies. © 2016 GlobeNewswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»SGI - Silicon Graphics International Corp: SGI Awarded $27M Systems Contract with the Army Research Laboratory Defense Supercomputing Resource Center 01.11.2016 | 01:04 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) GlobeNewswire (Europe)·Mehr Nachrichten von GlobeNewswire (Europe) SGI - Silicon Graphics International Corp: SGI Awarded $27M Systems Contract with the Army Research Laboratory Defense Supercomputing Resource Center DoD selects SGI systems with the upgrade of its Army Research Laboratory high performance computing technology MILPITAS, Calif., Oct. 31, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Today, SGI (NASDAQ:SGI), a global leader in high-performance solutions for compute, data analytics, and data management, announced that the United States Department of Defense (DoD) has selected SGI® ICE XA (https://www.sgi.com/products/servers/ice/ice_xa.html) for two of its Army Research Laboratory Defense Supercomputing Resource Center (ARL DSRC) systems. The upgrades are part of a technology insertion, known as TI-16, for their High Performance Computing Modernization Program (HPCMP). HPCMP delivers world-class commercial, high-end, high-performance computational capabilities to DoD's Research, Development, Test and Evaluation (RDT&E) community through its five DoD Supercomputing Resource Centers (DSRCs). With HPC technology, DoD scientists and engineers can utilize physics-based simulations to achieve better understanding of a variety of phenomena affecting national defense. The upgraded systems also allow quick data searches that are generated from field tests across a wide spectrum of military operations. Powerful supercomputers help with data quality, increasing situational awareness, and advancing soldier performance with live and virtual data analytics. The new SGI systems will be leveraged to scale algorithms, increase real-time experimental data processing and methods for live-virtual simulations. The agreement for ARL DSRC system #1 values at $8.9 million, and ARL DSRC system #2 at $17.6 million. SGI was also awarded four annual maintenance options over the next four years, allowing DoD to leverage its world-class professional services available 24/7. The work for both systems will be performed at Aberdeen Proving Ground, Maryland, with an estimated completion date of April 24, 2021. Army Corps of Engineers, Huntsville, Alabama, has been delegated contracting authority for these agreements. Announcement Highlights DoD has selected SGI to increase supercomputing power with two ARL DSRC systems DoD's investment in supercomputers helps with data quality, increasing situational awareness, and advancing soldier performance with live and virtual data analytics; it also allows DoD scientists and engineers to achieve a better understanding of a variety of phenomena affecting national defense The upgraded SGI systems will help DoD scale algorithms, increase real-time experimental data processing and methods for live-virtual simulations Technical Information ARL DSRC system #1 will deploy SGI® ICE XA (https://www.sgi.com/products/servers/ice/ice_xa.html) with quad node blade and E-Cell technology, utilizing the 22-core Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2699 v4 to achieve peak compute power ARL DSRC system #1 will be comprised of 33,088 compute cores offering 1.16 Petaflops capability, a Mellanox Enhanced Data Rate (EDR) as a 1:1 non-blocking Fat-Tree with 3.4 PB usable storage based on SGI InfiniteStorage 5600i (https://www.sgi.com/products/storage/raid/5600.html) technology ARL DSRC system #2 will deploy SGI® ICE XA (https://www.sgi.com/products/servers/ice/ice_xa.html) comprised of 73,920 Intel® Xeon® processor E5-2698 v4 compute cores, offering 2.6 Petaflops capability, a Mellanox Enhanced Data Rate (EDR)-based 1:1 non-blocking Fat-Tree and 11.8 PB usable storage based on SGI InfiniteStorage 5600i (https://www.sgi.com/products/storage/raid/5600.html) technology Supporting Quotes "We're excited to partner with SGI for our TI-16 DoD program, and have full confidence in the system's ability to provide excellent performance," said Dr. Raju Namburu, director of ARL DSRC. "Choosing the right HPC partners is crucial, as we rely on supercomputing and large-scale analytics and predictive sciences to provide the competitive edge we need to maintain our position as the nation's premier laboratory for land forces." "We believe that the two SGI systems will bring a unique capability to solve DoD's most challenging problems," said Thomas Kendall, technical director of ARL DSRC. "The combination of a non-blocking, fat-tree topology, based on the recently available 100 Gbps EDR technology and the newest server CPU technology will enable a wide range of applications to consistently achieve high levels of performance." "DoD's annual, recurring investment in HPC is a testament to its belief in the power and strategic value of supercomputing," said Jorge Titinger, president and CEO, SGI. "Expanding our partnership with ARL DSCR is the result of our record of exceptional HPC performance with previous DoD systems. We have had a healthy long-standing relationship with HPCMP over the last two decades, and we remain committed to delivering to DoD new innovative technology and the highest level of service and management. We look forward to continuing our partnership with one of the most important institutions in our nation." Suggested Tweets Army Research Labs chooses @SGI_Corp HPC system for latest HPCMP deployment @INTEL supercomputer http://bit.ly/2e5Qtps (http://bit.ly/2e5Qtps) ARL uses @SGI_Corp supercomputer to scale algorithms increase real-time experimental data processing and methods for live-virtual simulations HPC http://bit.ly/2e5Qtps (http://bit.ly/2e5Qtps) About SGI SGI is a global leader in high-performance solutions for compute, data analytics, and data management that enable customers to accelerate time to discovery, innovation, and profitability. Visit sgi.com (sgi.com/) for more information. Connect with SGI on Twitter (https://www.twitter.com/sgi_corp) (@sgi_corp), YouTube (http://www.youtube.com/sgicorp) (youtube.com/sgicorp),  Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/sgiglobal) (facebook.com/sgiglobal) and LinkedIn (http://www.linkedin.com/company/sgi) (linkedin.com/company/sgi). Grayling Public Relations: Crystal Yang | (415) 593-1188 | sgi@grayling.com (mailto:sgi@grayling.com) SGI Investor Relations Contact: Ben Liao | (669) 900-8090 | bliao@sgi.com (mailto:bliao@sgi.com) © 2016 Silicon Graphics International Corp. All rights reserved. SGI and the SGI logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Silicon Graphics International Corp. or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. Intel and Xeon are trademarks or registered trademarks of Intel Corporation. All other product and service names mentioned are the trademarks of their respective companies. This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: SGI - Silicon Graphics International Corp via Globenewswire © 2016 GlobeNewswire (Europe) Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage

