Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Gadgets Apple new MacBook Pro, MacBook, iMac Price in India now out Apple new MacBook Pro, MacBook, iMac Price in India now out Apple has revealed the India price of the MacBook Pro 2017, MacBook 2017 and iMacs with 4K and 5K Retina Display, which were just announced at the company's Worldwide Developer Conference. Apple's new MacBook will start at Rs 109,900 with the new Intel processor Written by Shruti Dhapola | New Delhi | Updated: June 7, 2017 11:13 am Apple MacBook Pro 2017, MacBook 2017, iMac 2017 price in India has been officially announced on the India website. Here’s a look. (Image source: AP) Related News Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Apple iOS 11 hidden features: WiFi sharing, FLAC audio support and more Xiaomi, Apple keep top spots in global wearable segment in Q1 2017: IDC Apple’s new MacBook Pro 2017, MacBook 2017 and iMacs with 4K and 5K Retina Display were launched at WWDC 2017. Now Apple has revealed the India price of the new MacBooks, iMacs, and these are listed on the Apple website. It is not clear when the new Macs will go on sale on India, but given that the pricing is out, these should be hitting the stores soon. So what is the price of the new Apple MacBook Pro, MacBook and iMacs? Here’s a quick look. Apple’s MacBook Pro 2017 Price in India Apple upgraded all the MacBook Pros it had introduced in 2016, and the 2017 versions come with Intel’s 7th generation Kaby Lake processors. Apple’s MacBook Pro with 13-inch display will start at Rs 109,900 with Intel Core i5 processor, which is clocked at 2.3GHz and this is a dual-core one. It has up to 3.6GHz Turbo Boost option for configuration as well, and comes with 256GB SSD storage, and there’s a Force Touch trackpad. The RAM is 8GB, and it comes with Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640. This MacBook Pro doesn’t comes with a Touch Bar, Touch ID on top. In comparison, MacBook Pro 13-inch with Touch Bar and Touch ID comes at a price of Rs 154,900 with an LED-backlit Retina display. The processor is Intel core i5 dual-core, and clock speed of 3.1GHz, with up to 3.5Ghz Turbo Boost. This one has 512GB SSD, Force Touch trackpad and 8GB RAM. Apple’s MacBook Pro 15-inch with Touch ID and Touch Bar on top will start at price of Rs 205,900 in India. Then new MacBook Pro comes with 2.8GHz or 2.9GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor, and supports Turbo Boost up to 3.9GHz. This one comes with 16GB RAM, up to 512GB SSD and the Intel Iris Plus Graphics 630 GPU.  However, there is also the option of AMD Radeon Pro 555 with 2GB of VRAM or Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB of VRAM. But that will likely cost extra on the new MacBook Pro. Also read: Apple’s new 10.5-inch iPad Pro, updated 12.9-inch iPad price in India revealed Apple MacBook 2017 price in India Apple’s MacBook 2017 with a 12-inch LED-backlit Retina display gets a starting price of Rs 109,900 in India. It comes with the option of Intel Core m3 or Intel Core i5 processor, with Turbo boost of up top 3.2GHz supported. The SSD storage is up to 512GB and this one also has the new Force Touch Keypad. The MacBook has options of 8GB RAM coupled with 256GB SSD storage as well. Apple’s new iMacs will all be coming to India. (Image source: Reuters) Apple’s iMac 2017 price in India Apple’s 21.5-inch iMac 2017, which has a full HD resolution display and the latest Intel 7th generator i5 processor, is priced at Rs 90,900. The iMac has Turbo Boost up to 3.6GHz supported, and 1 TB hard drive. This iMac comes with Magic Keyboard and Magic Mouse. Apple’s new 21.5-inch iMac for 2017 with a 4K resolution display will start at a price of Rs 107,900. This is nearly Rs 20,000 more than than the $1299 pricing at which it has been launched in the US. Apple’s iMac with 4K display has Intel Core i5 quad-core processor with 3GHz or 3.4GHz clock speed. The RAM on board is 8GB, and it will support Turbo boost of up to 3.8GHz. This iMac has options of 1TB hard drive or 1TB Fusion Drive. This 21.5-inch iMac also has the option of Radeon Pro 555 with 2GB of video RAM for graphics or a Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB of video RAM. Apple’s 27-inch iMac with the 5K display is starting a price of Rs 148,900 in India and this one comes with the quad-core Intel Core i5 processor, which is clocked at 3.4GHz, 3.5GHz or 3.8GHz. This iMac supports Turbo boost of up to 4.2Ghz, and comes with 8GB RAM option. Apple has not mentioned the 64GB RAM option on the India website, so it is not clear if that customization will be offered to India users. More Related News Apple iCloud storage price for 2TB slashed to half, now starts at Rs 650 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier : Here’s what you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 S SC Jun 7, 2017 at 2:27 pm When are the new macbooks coming to India? Reply Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India post 321/6 at The Oval PM Modi meets Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev in Astana, will attend SCO Summit OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News BJP government in MP, other states oppressing farmers, poor: Mayawati We are constantly monitoring situation in Qatar: Sushma Swaraj This Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Modi govt clean, scandal-free, but lacks proper flagship schemes: TRS Shruti DhapolaLooking at technology and web culture.... read more Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Stylish phone with impressive camera Apple new MacBook Pro, MacBook, iMac Price in India now out Apple WWDC 2017: iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook upgraded, and here are the details                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines   Indonesia Go! PhilippinesIndonesia Coupons   Rappler Shop Login to Rappler Login to Rappler using your social account: Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one. Home News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X Jobs Coupons Rappler Shop News Philippines #PHvote 2016 World #BalikBayan Science & Nature Video Newscast Shows Reports Documentary Specials Business Economy Brighter Life Industries Money Features Specials Newsbreak Investigative In-depth Rappler IQ Inside Track Flashback Rich Media MovePH Issues #Agos #BudgetWatch #HungerProject Community IMHO Views Thought Leaders iSpeak Rappler Blogs #AnimatED Life & Style Food Career Travel Specials #PugadBaboy Entertainment Entertainment News Movies Music Special Coverage Sports Boxing Basketball Football Other Sports University Sports Tech News Features Reviews Hands on Social Media BrandRap Finance & Industries Health & Self Lifestyle Tech & Innovation Advertise X ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's 2013 Board Privacy Statement Contact Us Rappler's Founding Board Terms of Use Advertise With Us Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Comment Moderation Policy Archives Job Openings OTHER CONTENT #PHVote 2016 • Philippine News • Weather Forecast Philippines • Pugad Baboy • Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda) • Pork Barrel Scam • Disaster Preparedness • Disaster Response • Disaster Recovery • Manny Pacquiao • The Hunger Project • Travel Philippines • UAAP • FOI bill • Charter Change • Indonesia News • Gilas Pilipinas • Jejomar Binay • Makati City • #ProjectAgos • Typhoon Ruby (Hagupit) • AirAsia flight QZ8501 • Pope Francis Quotes • Miss Universe• Facebook down • Travel in the Philippines • Places to visit in the Philippines • Philippine holidays • Join the #PHVote Challenge! Go! LATEST NEWS Bulgaria charges 3 after deadly migrant crash Europe Venus Raj earns her master's degree from UP Entertainment News No public apology yet from Aguirre for fake news Inside Track Low pressure area to bring rain to Visayas, Mindanao on Friday #WeatherAlert Congresswoman files resolution over Tabal's exclusion from SEA Games Other Sports Melobi nasib Kendeng hingga ke Megawati Berita Calida: Supreme Court should prevail on martial law Philippines FAST FACTS: What you need to know about the Philippine casino industry Business Terrorists in Marawi holding 'more or less 100' hostages – military Philippines U.S. man convicted after agreeing to be ISIS suicide bomber Middle East View more stories Tech Features The 10 biggest announcements from Apple's WWDC 2017 Here's what you can expect from Apple's laptops, all-in-ones, and operating systems in the coming months Gelo Gonzales Published 8:32 PM, June 06, 2017 Updated 8:32 PM, June 06, 2017 IMACS. Apple's computers get Intel's latest chip, the Kaby Lake processors. Screenshot from Apple Apple unveiled their hardware and software future at their annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), bringing out upgraded computers, operating systems, and one new product, the HomePod. There's no new iPhone though. In its place? These 10 announcements that show us the refinements the US tech titan has in store for consumers in the near future. 1) MacBooks, iMacs refreshed Apple's popular laptop line gets a shot in the arm in the form of Intel's latest chips, Kaby Lake and support for twice the RAM. The MacBook, MacBook Pro, and the MacBook Air are now all available with the Kaby Lake chips. The 12-inch MacBook will also now be available with faster solid-state drives (SSD); the 13-inch Pro will now be offered in a Touch Bar-free version; and the 15-inch version will now carry discrete graphics as a standard feature. REFRESHED. Apple gives their laptops a boost this year. Screenshot from Apple The MacBook Air has also finally stepped onto 2017, shaking off some of the cobwebs it's collected since its 2015 upgrade. It's still the entry-level MacBook many have come to know but at least now it's available with a 1.8GHz Intel processor – a bump-up from its 1.6GHz days. Like the MacBook Air, the iMacs were due for an upgrade, having been last updated in 2015 as well. The new all-in-ones get the Kaby Lake treatment, along with a display that Apple calls "the best Mac display ever," and 2 Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, thus making them the first iMacs to use the port standard. The 21.5-inch model can carry up to 32GB of RAM while the 27-incher can carry up to 64GB. They will come with a variety of AMD Radeon Pro graphics cards to choose from with the entry-level 21.5-inch model carrying an Intel Iris Plus 640 GPU. US prices start at $1,299 for the MacBook and the Pro; $999 for the Air; $1,099 for the 21.5-inch iMac; and $1,799 for the 27-inch iMac. The iMacs are also now available in the US. 2) Indoor maps Apple Maps now features indoor mapping, a feature that maps out the inside of locations such as malls and airports. It's currently limited, however, to malls in select cities including Chicago, Hong Kong, New York, Boston, London, and Tokyo. Around thirty airports will be available in its launch window such as John F. Kennedy Airport and La Guardia in New York, and London Heathrow Airport. 3) "Do Not Disturb While Driving" iOS 11 feature You might have seen the navigation app Waze stop you from inputting a location while driving. Apple's taking the concept of anti-distracted driving functionalities to a new level as it blacks out your screen and block notifications when it detects that you're driving. It also sends automated responses to message senders, telling them that the user is currently driving. (READ: My favorite from WWDC 2017: an auto-reply feature while user drives) Users may set certain contacts as important so their messages bypass the blocking, and can also exit the mode should they want to. 4) The most powerful Apple computer ever? For the new iMac Pro, the specs speak for themselves: up to an 18-core Intel Xeon processor, a 27-inch 5K display, an AMD Radeon Vega GPU, up to 16GB of VRAM, up to 128 GB of ECC RAM (a type of RAM that detects and corrects some forms of data corruption), and up to 4TB of SSD storage. US prices start at $4,999 when it ships in December 2017. Apple called it their most powerful computer ever. 5) Apple gets serious with virtual reality, announces native support for HTC Vive and Steam VR Apple announced that their new graphics API, Metal 2, is VR-friendly and has been optimized to make programming virtual reality-based applications easier. With "Metal for VR" shipping with new macOS High Sierra, Apple and its computing devices now have official support for VR headset HTC Vive and the software behind the headset, SteamVR. VR development engines Unity and Unreal will now be natively supported as well. 6) Improvements to Camera and Photos apps Apple's new iOS 11 – now available to developers, while the public beta phase is expected later this year – introduces optical image stabilization for Portrait mode; "Loop" and "Bounce" effects similar to Instagram's video-looping Boomerang feature; and a "Long Exposure" feature for Live Photos that lets one animate a part of an image i.e. running water. One Intriguing tweak is iOS 11's new image file format, known as the High Efficiency Image File Format (HEIF) which claims to be able to encode images taken with the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in a smaller file size. 7) Apple smart speaker HomePod to bank on high-quality audio Apple squeezes into the intensifying smart speaker wars with its HomePod. Its big sell: its supposedly amazing sound. It's equipped with a seven-speaker array of tweeters, an upward-facing subwoofer, and "spatial awareness" tech, which is supposed to optimize the sound depending on the space in which the speaker is placed in. (READ: Apple 'HomePod' speaker to take on Amazon, Google) Like Amazon Echo and Google Home, the Siri and Apple A8 chip-powered speaker will be able to answer voice queries, give reminders, and send iMessages. The speaker has a six-microphone array, which Apple claims is able to hear commands even from afar and amid high audio volume. 8) Siri gets a more natural voice In iOS 11, Apple says they've refined Siri's voice to be more natural, making the digital assistant more human-sounding through variances in intonation, pitch, emphasis and tempo. Apple's engineering head Craig Federighi illustrated this by saying how Siri will read out the weather forecast for a number of days. Instead of saying "sunny" in just one way, it will try to intonate each instance differently to replicate, more or less, how humans would speak. Apple says Siri's smarter now, able to translate English words and phrases into Chinese, French, German, Italian or Spanish on the fly, and makes use of machine learning to deliver personalized suggestions based on a person's usage of their device. 9) iPad Pro now has a 10.5-inch version The 9.7-inch iPad Pro is gone while the 12.9-inch version gets upgraded. Both 10.5- and 12.9-incher are equipped with a new A10X six-core CPU, which includes a 12-core GPU. They both support HDR video with a 120Hz refresh rate. The first generation iPad Pros' variable refresh rate reached a maximum of 60Hz. The higher refresh rate is crucial not just for displaying smooth motion but also for smoother Apple Pencil use. Apple's stylus, the Pencil, is also now the fastest digital pen in the world, with a response rate of 20 milliseconds (ms), beating out Microsoft Surface Pen's 21ms. The new Pro is also said to be 50% brighter than earlier models, and has a 12-megapixel rear camera and a 7-megapixel front camera. The 9.7-inch Pro, discontinued upon the announcement of the new models, also had a 12-megapixel rear shooter but only a 5-megapixel front camera. US prices start at $649 for the 10.5-incher and $799 for the 12.9-incher, and they will start shipping in the US next week. 10) WatchOS 4 arrives Along with MacOS High Sierra for the MacBooks and iMacs and iOS 11 for iPhones and iPads, Apple also unveiled its new OS for its wearables: WatchOS 4. It will have a new Siri watchface that uses machine learning to show you information it believes is most relevant to you, and for Disney fans, Toy Story watchfaces. WatchOS 4 also promises better integration with connected gym equipment such as near-field communication (NFC) linking and deeper integration. – Rappler.com Filed under:apple•apple keynote speech•high sierra•imac 2017•ios11•ipad pro 2017•macbook 2017•watchos 4•wwdc 2017 biggest announcements•wwdc announcements•wwdc 2017 HOW DOES THIS STORY MAKE YOU FEEL? Happy Sad Angry Don't Care Inspired Afraid Amused Annoyed Back These stories made other people Check them out! × Would you like to share your vote? ABOUT RAPPLER Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves). Read more Rappler's Founding Board Rappler's 2014-2016 Board Rappler Team Rappler Indonesia Team Job Openings Archives X Join The #PHVote Challenge! Privacy statement Terms of Use Comment moderation Policy Advertise With Us Contact Us SECTIONS #PHvote 2016 News Video Business Newsbreak MovePH Views Life & Style Entertainment Sports Tech Live BrandRap Weather in the Philippines Disasters Travel destinations Coupons Jobs COMMUNITY Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Storify Flickr Instagram Android iOS Windows × Log In with your Rappler Account Email: Password: Cancel Submit × Register for a RAPPLER Account Fields with * are required. Thank You. View your profile page here OR Click close to continue. Email: Password: First Name: Last Name: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Subscriptions I want to subscribe to the Rappler daily wRap I want to be a Project Agos volunteer Terms & Conditions I agree to the Rappler terms and conditions below: Privacy Statement Site Use Policy Comment Moderation Policy Cancel Submit × Update your information Fields with * are required. Thank You. You have successfully updated your account. First Name: Last Name: Email: Birthday: (YYYY-MM-DD) City/Municipality: Province: Gender: Select gender Male Female Contact Number: School/Work: Cancel Submit
Latest News Dow 21,202 +28.50 +0.13% Nasdaq 6,302 +5.01 +0.08% S&P 500 2,436 +2.89 +0.12% 9:41 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment 9:10 A.M. ET Nordstrom's stock rockets as company explores 'going private' deal Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Worldwide Server Market Revenue Declines 4.6% in the First Quarter as the Market Prepares for a Major Refresh, According to IDC By Published: June 6, 2017 8:00 p.m. ET Share FRAMINGHAM, Mass., Jun 06, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- According to the International Data Corporation (IDC) Worldwide Quarterly Server Tracker, vendor revenue in the worldwide server market declined 4.6% year over year to $11.8 billion in the first quarter of 2017 (1Q17). Overall server market growth continues to slow down with most hyperscale service providers waiting until the second half of the year for deployment of Intel's new Skylake processors. High-end server sales continue to be a drag on overall market performance. The market has also been negatively affected by DRAM pricing issues. Worldwide server shipments increased 1.4% year over year to 2.21 million units in 1Q17. One customer accounted for more than 10% of the servers shipped in 1Q17. Volume server revenue declined by 3.4% to $9.5 billion, while midrange server revenue grew 16.5% to $1.3 billion. Demand for high-end systems experienced a year-over-year revenue decline of 29.0% to $1.0 billion. IDC expects continued long-term secular declines in high-end system revenue. "The server market continues to struggle to find growth," said Kuba Stolarski, research director, Computing Platforms at IDC. "As the market prepares for the switch to Intel's Skylake this year, we may be witnessing a shift in how workloads are deployed in the future, and what architectural choices will be made around modularity, operating environments, software, and cloud services. As indicated by this quarter's results, one large server customer appears to be betting on a major transition to cloud services, as it alone accounted for approximately a quarter of a million servers deployed in the first quarter." Overall Server Market Standings, by Vendor Group Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) retained the number 1 spot in the worldwide server market with 24.2% market share in 1Q17, as revenue decreased 15.8% year over year to $2.9 billion. HPE's share and year-over-year growth rate includes revenues from the H3C joint venture in China that began in May of 2016; as a result, the reported HPE/New H3C Group combines server revenue for both companies globally. Dell Inc maintained its number 2 position in the worldwide server market with 20.1% of vendor revenue for the quarter and 4.7% year-over-year growth to $2.4 billion. Cisco, IBM, and Lenovo were statistical tied* for the third market position. Cisco had 7.0% share, with revenue declining 3.0% year over year to $825 million. IBM had 6.3% share, with revenue declining 34.7% to $745 million. Lenovo had 6.2% share, with revenue declining 16.5% to $727 million. The ODM Direct group of vendors grew revenue by 41.8% to $1.2 billion. Dell Inc and HPE were statistically tied* for first place in overall unit share, with 21.0% and 20.8% of worldwide server shipments, respectively. Top 5 Companies, Worldwide Server Systems Vendor Revenue, Market Share, and Growth, First Quarter of 2017 (Revenues are in Millions) Vendor       1Q17 Revenue       1Q17 Market Share       1Q16 Revenue       1Q16 Market Share       1Q17/1Q16 Revenue Growth 1. HPE / New H3C Group**       $2,861 .7       24 .2%       $3,397 .7       27 .5%       -15 .8% 2. Dell Inc       $2,368 .5       20 .1%       $2,262 .0       18 .3%       4 .7% 3. Cisco*       $824 .7       7 .0%       $850 .2       6 .9%       -3 .0% 3. IBM*       $744 .5       6 .3%       $1,139 .6       9 .2%       -34 .7% 3. Lenovo*       $727 .0       6 .2%       $871 .2       7 .0%       -16 .5% ODM Direct       $1,224 .5       10 .4%       $863 .8       7 .0%       41 .8% Others       $3,058 .3       25 .9%       $2,990 .3       24 .2%       2 .3% Total       $11,809 .3       100 .0%       $12,374 .8       100 .0%       -4 .6% IDC Worldwide Quarterly Server Tracker, June 2017   * Note: IDC declares a statistical tie in the worldwide server market when there is a difference of one percent or less in the share of revenues or shipments among two or more vendors. ** Note: Due to the existing joint venture between HPE and the New H3C Group, IDC will be reporting external market share on a global level for HPE as "HPE/New H3C Group" starting from 2Q 2016 and going forward. In addition to the table above, an interactive graphic showing worldwide market share (based on revenue) for the top 5 server vendors over the previous five quarters is available here. The chart is intended for public use in online news articles and social media. Instructions on how to embed this graphic can be found by viewing this press release on IDC.com. Top 5 Companies, Worldwide Server Systems Unit Shipments, Market Share, and Growth, First Quarter of 2017 (Units are in Thousands) Vendor       1Q17 Units       1Q17 Market Share       1Q16 Units       1Q16 Market Share       1Q17/1Q16 Unit Growth 1. Dell Inc*       465 .3       21 .0%       464 .6       21 .3%       0 .1% 1. HPE / New H3C Group* **       460 .4       20 .8%       537 .4       24 .6%       -14 .3% 3. Lenovo       146 .1       6 .6%       200 .9       9 .2%       -27 .3% 4. Huawei*       119 .2       5 .4%       89 .8       4 .1%       32 .7% 4. Inspur*       98 .6       4 .5%       87 .2       4 .0%       13 .0% ODM Direct       443 .6       20 .0%       307 .9       14 .1%       44 .1% Others       481 .0       21 .7%       496 .6       22 .7%       -3 .1% Total       2,214 .3       100 .0%       2,184 .5       100 .0%       1 .4% IDC Worldwide Quarterly Server Tracker, June 2017   "Results for the quarter were right in line with what IDC had forecast in the fourth quarter of 2016. Demand for two-socket form factors continues to control a majority of unit shipments now and going forward as they are the sweet spot for density-optimized servers," said Lloyd Cohen, director of Worldwide Market Analysis, Computing Platforms at IDC. "Two-socket machines are attractive for datacenter deployment in terms of both power usage and cost per server. Their growth rate may slow down over the short term and, because they control a significant portion of the overall server market, the overall server market growth rate will be dampened worldwide." Top Server Market Findings On a geographic basis, Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) was the fastest growing region with 7.2% year-over-year growth, followed by Canada with 2.8%, and Asia/Pacific (excluding Japan) with 0.9%. Within Asia/Pacific, China grew a modest 1.7%. the United States declined 2.3%, Japan declined 4.3%, Western Europe declined 14.3%, Latin America declined 14.6%, and Middle East and Africa declined 14.8%. Demand for x86 servers was flat (0.0%) in 1Q17 with $10.6 billion in revenues. Non-x86 servers declined 30.9% year over year to $1.3 billion. IDC's Server Taxonomy IDC's Server Taxonomy maps the eleven price bands within the server market into three price ranges: volume servers, midrange servers and high-end servers. The revenue data presented in this release is stated as vendor revenue for a server system. IDC presents data in vendor revenue to determine market share position. Vendor revenue represents those dollars recognized by multi-user system and server vendors for ISS (initial server shipment) and upgrade units sold through direct and indirect channels and includes the following embedded server components: Frame or cabinet and all cables, processors, memory, communications boards, operating system software, other bundled software and initial internal and external disk shipments. IDC's Quarterly Server Tracker is a quantitative tool for analyzing the global server market on a quarterly basis. The Tracker includes quarterly unit shipments and revenues (both vendor revenue and value of shipments), segmented by vendor, family, model, region, operating system, price band, CPU type, and architecture. For more information, please contact Lidice Fernandez at 305-351-3051 or lfernandez@idc.com. About IDC International Data Corporation (IDC) is the premier global provider of market intelligence, advisory services, and events for the information technology, telecommunications, and consumer technology markets. With more than 1,100 analysts worldwide, IDC offers global, regional, and local expertise on technology and industry opportunities and trends in over 110 countries. IDC's analysis and insight helps IT professionals, business executives, and the investment community to make fact-based technology decisions and to achieve their key business objectives. Founded in 1964, IDC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of IDG, the world's leading media, data and marketing services company that activates and engages the most influential technology buyers. To learn more about IDC, please visit www.idc.com. Follow IDC on Twitter at @IDC and LinkedIn. All product and company names may be trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170606006650/en/ SOURCE: IDC"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@IDC IDC Kuba Stolarski, 508-935-4172 kstolarski@idc.com or Lloyd Cohen, 508-935-4333 lcohen@idc.com or Michael Shirer, 508-935-4200 press@idc.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage This is how many drinks a week is bad for your brain Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Digital Trends Home > Apple > Here’s everything you need to know about the… Here’s everything you need to know about the latest iMac and iMac Pro By Jayce Wagner and Dallon Adams — Updated June 6, 2017 2:43 pm Share Get your Sagan on with these 42 awe-inspiring photos of the final frontier Why have 1 room when you can have 2? Our favorite transforming homes Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: After much anticipation, Apple unveiled its newest additions to the iMac lineup during its 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC), giving us a closer look at the company’s high-end iMac Pro and the newly-revamped iMac. How does the new iMac differ from the previous generation when it comes to hardware, software, and other extraneous features. Let’s take a look at the latest hardware upgrades. Hardware 21.5-inch 27-inch Dimensions 17.7 inches X 20.8 inches X 6.9 inches 20.3 inches X 25.6 inches X 8 inches Processor 3.4GHz quad-core Intel Core i5 (Turbo Boost up to 3.8GHz)Configurable to 3.6GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 (Turbo Boost up to 4.2GHz) 3.8GHz quad‑core Intel Core i5 (Turbo Boost up to 4.2GHz) Configurable to 4.2GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 (Turbo Boost up to 4.5GHz) RAM Configurable up to 16GB or 32GB  Configurable up to 16GB, 32GB, or 64GB Display 1080p or Retina 4K display Retina 5K display Resolution Up to 4,096 X 2,304  Up to 5,120 X 2,880 Storage  1TB Fusion Drive (Configurable to 256GB, 512GB, or 1TB SSD) 2TB Fusion Drive (Configurable to 3TB Fusion Drive or 512GB, 1TB, or 2TB SSD) Graphics Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB of VRAM Radeon Pro 580 with 8GB of VRAM Wireless  Wi-Fi: 802.11ac Wi-Fi wireless networkingIEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible Bluetooth: Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology  Wi-Fi: 802.11ac Wi-Fi wireless networking IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible Bluetooth: Bluetooth 4.2 wireless technology Operating System  MacOS High Sierra  MacOS High Sierra Price  $1,099 – $1,499+  $1,799 – $2,299+ The iMac lineup had been languishing for almost two years, and its discrete GPU options were definitely starting to show their age. Given Apple opted to include mobile-grade graphics chips in the last iteration of the iMac, they didn’t exactly stand the test of time. Thankfully, this has changed with the latest generation of the all-in-one machine. At the WWDC 2017 reveal, Apple chose to focus on GPU hardware updates, and a modest albeit welcome CPU upgrade. The 21.5-inch iMac now comes standard with Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 GPU with 64MB graphics cache. The 4K 21.5-inch iMac boasts the new AMD Radeon Pro 555 and 560 options with up to 4GB VRAM. The high-end 5K 27-inch iMac has added AMD Radeon Pro 570, 575, and 580 options with up to 8GB VRAM. The 21.5-inch model has up to Up to 32GB RAM, and the 27-inch model will have up to 64GB. The Radeon RX 580 is AMD’s best graphics card for the mainstream market. The card is in essence a tweaked version of AMD’s 2016 Polaris chip. With a base speed of 1,257MHz and a boost speed of 1,340MHz, this card is an economical way of supporting high-end VR headsets on the iMac. However, after the SIGGRAPH convention in July, the RX580 will no longer be the fastest AMD graphics card available, as AMD is set to unveil its new Radeon RX Vega cards. In addition to nimble new GPUs, Apple has now finally implemented Intel’s 7th-gen Core processors across the board. The iMac update features up to a 4.2 GHz clock speed, up to 4.5 GHz with Turbo Boost. It will also latest support twice the memory of its predecessor. Apple’s Fusion Drive will also now come standard on all 27-inch configurations, as well as the 21.5-inch iMac. Finally, the new iMac will come with two Thunderbolt 3 ports, meaning the latest iteration will support both an external display and drive enclosure. VR One of the highlights from the WWDC unveiling, was the news that the latest iMac line will support virtual reality systems. This was handled in true Apple keynote fashion, complete with a casual real-time movie scene composition in the Star Wars universe featuring a Darth Vader vignette. Senior Vice President of Software Engineering, Craig Federighi, announced a Thunderbolt 3-based external graphics card enclosure supported by the latest macOS update High Sierra. With the latest moves and upgrades, the full line of all-in-ones will finally support virtual reality through the HTC Vive. Oculus Rift support is not available yet. Apple also announced an update to Metal, Apple’s advanced graphics technology. This optimized version, Metal 2, will work alongside latest macOS upgrade and utilize machine learning, as well as Apple’s language comprehension and facial recognition tools to improve overall performance, and aid developers in pushing existing hardware to its limits. Apple stated that High Sierra will receive software packages geared toward encouraging VR development on MacOS. A preview of High Sierra was released to developers at WWDC 2017, and the public beta version is planned for June. The free update will be launched later this fall. Display The latest iMac will feature the most vivid iMac display to date. Apple has greatly improved both the brightness of both its 4K and 5K displays. This overhaul has improved color support with 10-bit dithering, and increased color gamut support, allowing the iMac to display up to one billion colors. These upgrades make the latest display 42 percent brighter than the previous iMac. This enhanced display, alongside the GPU upgrades, will give users the most “true-to-life” viewing experience on the iMac to date. MacOS High Sierra At Apple’s annual developer conference, the company also announced general additions and upgrades to latest macOS, High Sierra. Check out our full overview of the new operating system for all the details. iMac Pro One of the juicier moments from the iMac segment was the surprising iMac Pro announcement.  This model will be available with a vibrant Retina 5K display combined with a stabdard 8-Core processor, upgrade to a 18-Core Intel Xeon processor. It will also support latest AMD Vega graphics hardware, 10-gigabit Ethernet connectivity, and up to 128GB of memory, making the unit the most powerful and capable Apple desktop to date. The company even drew up a fancy graphic just for the occasion, to depict the new thermal design and dual centrifugal fan system aimed at keeping all of this added power in check. The general exterior design isn’t too dissimilar from the previous generation, but the iMac Pro will come in Space Gray. The iMac Pro is slatted to go on sale in December. The announcement handled the iMac Pro with rather broad brush strokes, but we expect to find out more about the device in the coming months. Availability and pricing For the entry-level 21.5-inch iMac, pricing starts at $1,099, $1,239 for the 4K 21.5-inch iMac, and $1,799 for the 5K 27.5-inch iMac. At WWDC 2017, Apple announced that the iMacs will be available starting June 5. The entry-level iMac Pro will start at $4,999, and will be available starting in December. Registered Apple Developer Program members can purchase the External Graphics Developer Kit for $599. This kit includes a Thunderbolt 3 external PCI expansion chassis, AMD Radeon RX 580 graphics card with 8GB VRAM, and USB-C hub.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 14 mins S&P 500 2,436.04 +2.90 (+0.12%) Dow 30 21,204.15 +30.46 (+0.14%) Nasdaq 6,302.30 +4.92 (+0.08%) Apple has updated the MacBook Air, but you still shouldn't buy it Jeff Dunn Business Insider June 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos MacBook AirMore (Apple's MacBook Air.Flickr/Tim Trueman) Apple kicked off its annual developers conference on Monday and, in one of the more surprising announcements, unveiled a refresh of its MacBook Air laptop. That said, it's a minor change. The notebook now starts with a 1.8 GHz processor. It had started with a 1.6 GHz processor. That means it should be a little bit faster than it was before. But that's it. You wouldn't be able to discern this from Apple's site, but the processor is still from Intel's fifth generation, known as Broadwell. We're currently on the seventh generation, Kaby Lake. Kaby Lake isn't a massive jump from the generation of Intel chips that came between (Skylake), but it is faster, stronger, and more efficient with battery life than what the MacBook Air is using. This is why Apple updated its MacBook and MacBook Pro lines this week to include the new chips this week. View photos Screen Shot 2017 06 06 at 2.42.16 PMMore (Don't let the low price fool you.Apple) More importantly, it's in better shape to last going into the future. Buying a laptop is a multiyear investment. The MacBook Air may run perfectly fine for most to start, but it's not going to be as capable over time. And it doesn't help that you can't upgrade it after purchasing, a restriction Apple puts on every Mac laptop. It's understandable that the MacBook Air looks appealing. It's the MacBook Air! It has always been good. Macs are known for quality, and the Air is the only model that starts below $1,000. But it's not a good value. Everything beyond the processor bump is the same as before. To run through the high-level reasons that that's mostly a bad thing: The display is rough. It has a resolution of 1440 x 900, for one, meaning it's not sharp enough to watch videos in full HD (1080p), and it doesn't give you as much room to have multiple windows onscreen. There are laptops half the price that pack more pixels. That display is also a TN panel. It's a good TN panel, but TN as a technology is neither as colorful nor as easy to see at an angle as the best displays that use the alternative IPS tech. It is terrible compared with what you'd find on a MacBook and MacBook Pro, both of which use IPS and are richer-looking for it. There are no USB-C ports. It's a bit of a mess now, but USB-C is faster and more widely applicable across device types than traditional USB. More importantly, it's where the majority of smartphones, laptops, and other non-Apple consumer devices are headed. That the Air has older legacy ports is great at a time where dongles are more and more prevalent, but the ideal laptop has connectors for both the present and the future.  The design is dated. Nobody will say the MacBook Air is a burden, but the best laptops in this price range are now slimmer and lighter, making the "Air" name something of a misnomer. Devices like the Dell XPS 13 also have far smaller bezels around their displays, letting you see more at once. To be clear, the MacBook Air still does plenty right. It's well-built, its keyboard hits the right point between slim and responsive (even more than Apple's newest laptops), it gets an excellent 10 to 12 hours of battery, and it has the fantastic Apple-made trackpad. If you absolutely need macOS, you could maybe justify buying it. View photos macbook airMore (Flickr/Matthew Pearce) But for the price it takes to get a decent configuration — at least $1,199 to get a respectable 256 GB of storage — you can do better. MacOS isn't like iOS; it's good and it has its devotees, but there isn't that much you can't duplicate with Windows 10. There's nothing on the level of iMessage, which keeps people tethered to their iPhones. If anything, Windows is the stronger platform for things like gaming. Beyond that, it seems clearer than ever that Apple would prefer you to buy something else: It has already killed off the 11-inch MacBook Air. The 12-inch MacBook is slimmer and lighter. The company on Monday cut the starting price of the 13-inch non-Touch Bar MacBook Pro, which is thinner than the Air and nearly as light, down to a more competitive $1,299. Apple also announced further updates to its iPad Pro line and detailed several upgrades to iOS 11 that would make it work a bit more like a Mac. More and more, that's the entry-level "laptop" that Apple wants to position beneath the MacBook and MacBook Pro. If symbolism is worth anything, the MacBook Air update got exactly one sentence at the tail end of Apple's press release announcing its Mac updates this week. It also doesn't have a "new" label at the top of Apple's Mac page, despite the upgrade. All told, even with the slight processor boost, the MacBook Air is still fundamentally a laptop from 2015 with a design from 2010. It was a wonderful general-consumer laptop for a remarkably long time, but it stood still as the years passed. Even if its enduring popularity seems to have persuaded Apple to make some update, the company appears ready to move on. You should, too. If you can't scrounge up the cash to buy a MacBook or MacBook Pro, consider an HP Spectre x360 or Lenovo Yoga 910 instead. NOW WATCH: Microsoft just unveiled a $1,000 laptop — and it’s taking on Apple's MacBook Air More From Business Insider It just got a lot less expensive to fix your broken MacBook How lucrative Apple’s App Store has been for developers over the years Apple finally unveiled its Siri-powered version of Google Home and Amazon Echo — here's everything you need to know Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge Huawei will leapfrog Apple and HP to lead the PC market in five years, top exec says CNBC.com What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Lawyer says Trump feels 'completely and totally vindicated' by Comey's testimony Business Insider 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance 'Psychologically scarred' millennials are killing dozens of industries — and it's their parents' fault Business Insider  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.7k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 14 mins S&P 500 2,436.10 +2.96 (+0.12%) Dow 30 21,204.75 +31.06 (+0.15%) Nasdaq 6,302.30 +4.92 (+0.08%) Here's Why Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Stock Is Soaring Today Ryan McQueeney Zacks June 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Shares of Advanced Micro Devices AMD gained nearly 6.5% in morning trading Tuesday after investors received several pieces of good news about the company, including the announcement that its Vega GPU technology would be included in Apple’s AAPL new iMac Pro. During Monday’s keynote at the Worldwide Developers Conference, Apple previewed the new iMac Pro, which it promises is the “most powerful Mac ever made.” The iMac Pro is set to ship in December and will start at $4,999. (Credit: Apple) The new workstation is packed with the most advanced technology on the market, including what Apple is referring to as the “most advanced graphics ever in a Mac”—the new Radeon Pro Vega GPU from AMD. “Featuring a new next-generation compute core and up to 16GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2), iMac Pro with the Vega GPU delivers up to an amazing 11 Teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and immersive, high frame rate VR,” Apple said in its official press release. Interestingly enough, the iMac Pro will also include processors from one of AMD’s key rivals, Intel INTC. Apple said that the computer will feature “next-generation” Intel Xeon processors with up to 18 cores. Nevertheless, another reason for AMD’s gain on Tuesday morning is its continued success over Intel. As investors have likely heard by now, AMD recently unveiled its new line of Ryzen processors. While AMD has traditionally been considered a budget option, Ryzen was seen as an effort to break into the high-performance market. What’s more, the company’s upcoming Threadripper product also promises to pack a serious punch. In response, Intel has announced its next line of processors, and early reviews have been less-than-favorable. For example, Seeking Alpha’s Chris Lau called Intel’s response to Ryzen and Threadripper “embarrassing and rushed.” “Intel's Core X processor announcement, with the highest-end model having 18-cores and 36-threads, is hardly scaring Advanced Micro Devices,” Lau said. “Not only do prices fail to pressure AMD's upcoming Threadripper, but the proprietary design for the Intel X299 motherboard chipset will alienate loyal Intel customers.” Lau’s analysis perfectly describes why AMD investors are so giddy these days—the company is no longer playing from behind against Intel. AMD’s high-end platform is just as—if not more—powerful than Intel’s, and it almost always beats Intel on price as well. Nevertheless, it’s been an up-and-down year for AMD shares thus far. Despite strength throughout the semiconductor industry, AMD is basically flat year-to-date. The stock currently has a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold). Want more stock market analysis from this author? Make sure to follow @Ryan_McQueeney on Twitter! Will You Make a Fortune on the Shift to Electric Cars? Here's another stock idea to consider. Much like petroleum 150 years ago, lithium power may soon shake the world, creating millionaires and reshaping geo-politics. Soon electric vehicles (EVs) may be cheaper than gas guzzlers. Some are already reaching 265 miles on a single charge. With battery prices plummeting and charging stations set to multiply, one company stands out as the #1 stock to buy according to Zacks research. It's not the one you think. See This Ticker Free >>   Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Click for Free Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Intel Corporation (INTC) Stock Analysis Report >>   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Huawei will leapfrog Apple and HP to lead the PC market in five years, top exec says CNBC.com LeBron James made the Cavs watch an inspirational Steve Jobs speech before their epic comeback in the 2016 NBA Finals Business Insider Apple is making the iPad into a lackluster MacBook Business Insider Apple quietly added a feature everyone wanted to iOS 11, catching up to Android in a big way Business Insider After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Lawyer says Trump feels 'completely and totally vindicated' by Comey's testimony Business Insider 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Qatar's $21B deal to buy F-15s moving forward amid diplomatic battle Fox Business Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.7k
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iOS 11 iMac Pro Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 E3 News MacBook 2017 vs MacBook 2016: what’s changed? MacBook 2017 vs MacBook 2016: what’s changed? By Kevin Lee Laptops   Third time is a charm for the best MacBook yet Shares While the new iMacs and iMac Pro might have gotten the lion’s share of attention from WWDC, the new MacBook saw a few important updates. It might look the same between the identical chassis and screen, but Apple has seriously upgraded the storage, added twice the maximum memory capacity and introduced 7th generation (Kaby Lake) Intel processors with this refresh.  This is also the first 12-inch Retina MacBook to feature an Intel Core i5 processor (in a way). Here's what's new with the MacBook 2017 versus last year's model, and whether it's worth an upgrade. Design If you’ve seen a MacBook in the last two years, the 2017 model will look very familiar to you. This is the third time Apple has reused the ultra-slim MacBook chassis since it was first introduced in 2015, and it honestly hasn’t lost its luster. It might not be the thinnest or lightest laptop in the world since that crown has been taken by so many Ultrabooks, but this is still an incredibly portable package. Just like its predecessor, the 2017 MacBook weighs 2.03 pounds (920g) and measures 0.52 inches (1.31cm) at its thickest point. Display The 12-inch Retina Display also remains exactly the same, not that we’re complaining.  The on-board 2,304 x 1,440-resolution display is much sharper than the Full HD, 1080p panels we typically see even on 13-inch laptops. Hardware Like the rest of the freshly updated Mac lineup, the MacBook 2017 sees the introduction of 7th generation Intel Kaby Lake processors.  While the early 2016 version of the MacBook came with Intel Core m3, m5 and m7 processor options, the 2017-edition has different CPU choices: an Intel Core m3 to start succeeded by a Core i5 or Core i7 processor. The latter chips should be a big step up in power. However, Apple notes the processor clock speed starts at 1.2GHz with Core m3, making 100MHz jumps upward in the Core i5 and i7 options.  This likely means that these Core i5 and i7 chips are actually Core i5-Y and i7-Y CPUs that launched with the Kaby Lake generation, meant to succeed the previous Intel Core m parts while maintaining much of the same power profile as before. Apple also claims to have integrated solid-state storage (SSD) that’s twice as fast, though only benchmarks will prove that promise. Lastly, the maximum memory capacity has been doubled from 8GB to 16GB. Price Prices for the 2017 MacBook remain the same as last year, with the starting Intel Core m3 configuration coming in at $1,299 (£1,249, AU$1,899). Compared to the equally-priced base model of the new 13-inch MacBook Pro, you’ll get twice the amount of storage with the same memory capacity (albeit, running at a slower frequency) and a lower-power processor.  The higher-end Intel Core i5 configuration starts at $1,599 (£1,549, AU$2,349) and comes with a 512GB SSD, but otherwise shares the same specs as the base model.  Upgrading from there to an Intel Core i7 processor will cost an additional $150, £150 or AU$150 on top of the aforementioned starting price for the Core i5 model. Should you buy one? If you’ve been on the fence about getting a MacBook since 2015, this is the most powerful and fastest iteration yet. While last year’s models only saw a processor refresh bump, the increased memory capacity (and memory speed) and two times faster storage are some hardy upgrades for this ultra-portable laptop.  Although it might not be the lightest or thinnest machine anymore, it’s hard to resist Apple’s pixel-perfect display and impeccable craftsmanship. If you're still rocking the 2015 version, this is as good a time to upgrade as any. And, if you've been on the fence to buy your first MacBook, this is the best time to buy regardless. These are the best Macs to date Related news This is the first soundbar with DTS Virtual:X Surround Sound tech iOS 11 may support higher-quality music files with FLAC lossless audio WhatsApp for iOS just added filters and albums for photos and videos Oculus Rift *still* isn't headed to Mac anytime soon See more Laptops news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best free VPN 2017 2 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 3 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 1 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 2 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 3 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Share Tweet MacBook Air (mid 2017) review: not much different but still a cracker Search Macworld All All News Reviews Features How-Tos Downloads Apple Apple News Apple Reviews Mac Mac Reviews MacBook Reviews Mac News How To Mac Software Reviews Mac Software Downloads iPad iPad Reviews iPad App Reviews iPad News iPad How To iPhone iPhone Reviews iPhone App Reviews iPhone News iPhone How To News Apple Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Reviews MacBook iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Mac Software iPhone iPad iPod iOS Apps Apple TV Apple Watch iOS and Mac Accessories How To Mac Mac Software iPad iPhone iOS Apps Forums Macworld forum Deals Open Menu Share This fb tw am yt rss Hot Topics New iPad 2017 review Best free Mac games iPhone tips iPhone 8 rumours Latest Apple Deals » Home Reviews Macbooks Apple MacBook Air (mid 2017) review Apple MacBook Air (mid 2017) review Apple has merely tweaked the processor speed with its 2017 update to its MacBook Air, but it remains an affordable, lightweight, compact cracker of a laptop. by Simon Jary | 06 Jun 17 1.8GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor 8GB of 1 600MHz LPDDR3 RAM 128GB 256GB or 512GB flash storage 13.3-inch 1 440-x-900-pixel display Intel HD Graphics 6000 802.11ac Wi-Fi (IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible) Bluetooth 4.0 2 x USB 3 ports 1 x Thunderbolt 2 1 x SDXC card slot 1 x 3.5mm headphone jack 720p FaceTime HD camera Full-size backlit keyboard Rating Price RRP: From £949, From US$999 Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Apple MacBook Air (mid 2017) review In June 2017 Apple updated the processor on its 13-inch MacBook Air from 1.6GHz to 1.8GHz – not a massive improvement, but the MacBook Air remains a great choice for an entry-level Mac laptop. The MacBook Air is the laptop you see in coffee shops, libraries, offices, and student digs all over the world. Apple might have forgotten it in favour of the sharper-screened 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro and dinkier 12-inch MacBook, but the masses still love the lightweight, entry-level Air. Apple isn’t calling its most recent MacBook Air update a “new” model, but to distinguish it from its otherwise very similar Early-2015 MacBook Air we’ll call it the Mid-2017 MacBook Air. The MacBook Pro also saw a minor update, getting a processor bump to the Kaby Lake chipset. Read more: New MacBook Pro release. A new model of the 12-inch MacBook was also announced, again getting faster Intel processors. Read more: New MacBook release Apple hasn’t changed the Air much at all since it wowed the laptop world in 2010 with its sharp, wedge-shaped case – which still looks great, in our opinion. There were some minor processor and port changes in 2015, but since then the only real updates have been upticks on the processor speed and a welcome doubling of the default memory (from 4GB to 8GB). It’s still available in just the one silvery colour, unlike the 12-inch MacBook (Silver, Space Grey, Gold, or Rose Gold) or 13-inch or 15-inch MacBook Pro (Silver or Space Grey). MacBook Air 2017: processor, graphics and RAM 2017’s changes are limited to the faster processor. Everything else remains the same from the most recent 2015 model, which used the same Intel “Broadwell” processor as the 2017 Air. MacBook Pro models have used later “Skylake” and most up-to-date “Kaby Lake” processors, so if you need the fastest speeds from a Mac laptop you should look to the Pro range (from 2.3GHz to 3.6GHz chip speeds). That said, for most of us, with our browsing, streaming, social and office needs the MacBook Air should be fast enough. The 2017 model’s Intel Core i5 processor gets a small speed bump from 1.6GHz to 1.8GHz. When we’ve speed tested the new Air we’ll let you know what that does to performance, but we can say for sure that it wouldn’t be worth upgrading from the 2015 model to the 2017 Air. If your Air is older than the 2015 model - and you still love the form factor - then an upgrade might be worthwhile. You’ll also get faster graphics (the 2017 Air uses the same Intel HD Graphics 6000 chip, which replaced the 2014 Air’s HD Graphics 5000), and 8GB RAM as standard. When buying the new Air you can upgrade to a 2.2GHz Intel Core i7 processor. Apple also offers a feature called Turbo Boost. In technical terms this over-clocks the processor to push to greater speeds. If enough power is available and the temperature is at a safe level Turbo Boost will 'over-clock' the core and enable it to work faster. The standard 1.8GHz i5 processor can be pushed to 2.9GHz. The custom option 2.2GHz i7 processor can reach 3.2GHz via Turbo Boost. Basically, you should go for the fastest processor if you want, and if possible Turbo Boost will push it as far as it can. But remember that if speed is really vital to you, you should look to the MacBook Pro range. MacBook Air 2017: storage The only difference between the two MacBook Airs you can buy in 2017 is the storage capacity. In the old days we’d have called this the “hard disk” but the Air has always boasted much-faster “solid-state” SDD drives. The choice you get (as standard) is either 128GB or 256GB, but you can also double the maximum on-board storage to 512GB for £150 ($200). We’d recommend you go for as much storage as you can afford if you plan on storing music, images or video. But if your laptop is used mainly for browsing and light document work the 128GB should suffice. MacBook Air 2017: ports and slots The new Air features the same side ports as the 2015 model. You get: Two USB 3 ports (up to 5Gbps) for the usual peripherals. One Thunderbolt 2 port (up to 20Gbps) for adding a larger display or faster external hard drive. MagSafe 2 power port – still the best in our opinion, and much missed on the newer 12-inch MacBook, which uses its single USB-C (Thunderbolt 3) port for power and peripherals, and so requires a £69 ($69) Multiport Adapter if you need more than one at a time. SDXC camera card slot 5mm headphone jack If you have lots of standard USB peripherals then the Air supports these out of the box. The MacBook and MacBook Pro models require newer USB-C accessories or £19 ($19) adapters. It boasts the same great 802.11ac Wi-Fi standards (IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible) as the top-of-the-range MacBook Pro. MacBook Air 2017: screen The MacBook Air’s screen is a 13.3-inch (diagonal) LED-backlit glossy widescreen display with a resolution of 1,440-x-900 pixels and a pixel density of roughly 128ppi (pixels per inch). It’s not as crisp and smooth as the Retina screen you’ll find on the MacBook or Pro models. http://www.macworld.co.uk/feature/apple/what-retina-hd-display-are-they-worth-money-apple-3466732/ In comparison, the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro has a 2,560-x-1,600 native resolution at 227ppi. The Air’s display isn’t a bad screen, but Pro users might find it a little fuzzy in comparison to the Retina. The Air screen does use less power, though, and contributes to the lower overall cost. MacBook Air 2017: price The MacBook Air is the cheapest new Mac laptop you can buy, starting at £949/US$949 for the 128GB model. The 256GB Air is priced at £1,099/$1,199 – so you pay an extra £150/$200 for the larger capacity. Add a further £150/$200 and you get 512GB of storage in the custom build option. The 8GB of RAM isn’t upgradeable, but the processor is, as explained above: pay £135/$150 more for the 2.2GHz i7 processor. You can buy all of these models of the MacBook Air direct from Apple here: MacBook Air on Apple Store. MacBook Air 2017: installed software and apps You get a ton of great Apple apps, including the likes of FaceTime for free video calls with other Apple devices, and the office apps (Numbers spreadsheet, Pages page layout, and Keynote presentations), plus photo archiving, movie making and music making and listening apps. Photos; iMovie; GarageBand; Pages; Numbers; Keynote; Siri, Safari; Mail; FaceTime; Messages; Maps; Notes; Calendar; Contacts; Reminders; Photo Booth; Preview; iTunes; iBooks; App Store; and Time Machine (backup). MacBook Air 2017: specs 8GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with 3MB shared L3 cache (Turbo Boost up to 2.9GHz); with custom option of 2.2GHz Intel Core i7 processor (Turbo Boost up to 3.2GHz). 8GB of 1,600MHz LPDDR3 RAM 128GB, 256GB or 512GB PCIe-based flash storage 3-inch, 1,440-x-900-pixel display Intel HD Graphics 6000 11ac Wi-Fi (IEEE 802.11a/b/g/n compatible); Bluetooth 4.0 Ports: 2 x USB 3; 1 x Thunderbolt 2; 1 x SDXC card slot; 1 x 3.5mm headphone jack Stereo speakers Dual microphones 720p FaceTime HD camera Full-size backlit keyboard with Ambient light sensor, and Multi-Touch trackpad 54-watt-hour battery: Up to 12 hours wireless web browsing (claimed) Dimensions: Height: 0.3-1.7cm (0.11-0.68in) Width: 32.5cm (12.8in) Depth: 22.7cm (8.94in) Height: 1.35kg (2.96lb) For buying advice related to the current Apple laptop range, read our Best MacBook buying guide and Best cheap MacBook deals articles. You can also see our one-stop guide to the best place to buy any Mac. OUR VERDICT The 13-inch MacBook Air is Apple’s entry-level laptop, starting at £949 (US$999). It might lack the super-sharp Retina screen of the Macbook and MacBook Pro models but its display and performance is fine for most everyday uses. It boasts enough USB ports and other slots to make it more useful out of the box than the more limited, USB-C-only 12-inch MacBook or Pro. And its Wi-Fi is the same high standard as even the top-of-the-range MacBook Pro. If you need raw power go for the Pro. If you need the smallest Mac laptop there is, look at the 12-inch MacBook. But, all in all, despite it not changing much year after year we still love the MacBook Air for its design, price, size and features. Tags: Mac , Apple Share this article Share Tweet Send ﻿ Hi. I saw this on Macworld UK and thought you should see it too. Comments Find the best price Best prices today Retailer Price Delivery   Price comparision from , and manufacturers Comments Advertisement New iMac 2017 News: Release date, price and specs Que faire lorsque votre identifiant Apple est bloqué ? How Apple has made creative pros happy again New iMac and iMac Pro 2017 latest news - UK release date, price, features, specifications Apple News Apple Reviews Apple How To Macworld Magazine Apple Deals Mac Forums Tech Advisor France - Tests complets, conseils Tech Advisor France - Tests Apple Mac iPhone Reviews iPad Reviews Mac Downloads About Macworld Contact Site Map Information for advertisers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Cookies UK Tech Weekly Podcast:Soundcloud/ iTunes Follow Macworld on Twitter Follow Macworld on Facebook © Copyright 2017 IDG UK. All Rights Reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   National Security Adviser Michael Flynn answers questions in the briefing room of the White House February 1, 2017 in Washington, DC. Flynn said the White House is "officially putting Iran on notice" for a recent missile test and support for Houthi rebels in Yemen. (Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images)    Michael Flynn Gives Senate Intel Committee 600 Pages Of Documents Chuck Ross Reporter 5:33 PM 06/06/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Former national security adviser Michael Flynn has turned over 600 pages of documents to the Senate Intelligence Committee, a source familiar with the matter tells The Daily Caller. Most of the records are from two of Flynn’s companies, though some are personal, the source says. The handover comes in response to subpoenas submitted to Flynn’s companies last month as part of the Senate committee’s investigation into potential Trump campaign collusion with the Russian government. The committee issued the subpoenas to Flynn Intel Group LLC. and Flynn Intel Group, Inc. after Flynn invoked the Fifth Amendment in response to a personal subpoena. North Carolina Sen. Richard Burr and Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the chairman and vice chairman of the committee, respectively, said that they issued the subpoenas against Flynn’s companies because corporations are unable to invoke the Fifth. The source close to Flynn said that the retired lieutenant general is turning over the personal documents after the Senate committee narrowed the scope of its original subpoena. In addition to being at the center of the Senate Intelligence Committee’s probe, Flynn is also at the focus of an investigation being conducted by the FBI and special counsel Robert Mueller. Federal grand jury subpoenas have also been issued for Flynn’s business records out of the U.S. attorneys office in Virginia. The subpoenas reportedly seek information about Flynn’s arrangements with the Turkish and Russian governments. As chairman of Flynn Intel Group, Flynn signed a $600,000 lobbying and consulting contract in August with a Turkish businessman close to the Turkish government. The contract called for Flynn Intel to investigate a political opponent of Turkey’s president. Flynn was advising Donald Trump’s campaign at the time, though he did not disclose the work to the Justice Department, as required by law. Flynn, who was fired as President Trump’s national security adviser on Feb. 13, filed as a foreign agent of Turkey in March. Flynn is also facing scrutiny because of a $45,000 payment he received from RT, the Russia-controlled media company, to attend a gala in Dec. 2015. Follow Chuck on Twitter Tags: Michael Flynn, Senate Intelligence Committee Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Emails and Notifications Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Mac Desktops MacBooks Displays Networking Storage Home MacBooks News MacBook Pro: Apple’s professional laptop gets a speedy new processor Learn more about Apple's high-performance laptop. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Roman Loyola Senior Editor, Macworld | Jun 6, 2017 2:20 PM PT Credit: Apple More like this Which Mac should you buy? MacBook: Apple upgrades its thinnest, lightest laptop MacBook Pros (Early 2011) Video Apple's HomePod: Everything we know so far about this new smart Siri speaker Almost lost in the landslide of product announcements at Apple’s Worldwide Developers Conference keynote was the reveal the MacBook Pro received an important update: The new laptops have the same design as the previous version, but the laptops feature new processors that should provide a speed boost. New processor, graphics, and solid-state drives The biggest MacBook Pro news is that Apple is now using Intel’s Kaby Lake processors. Kaby Lake is Intel’s seventh-generation processor, and it replaces the sixth-generation Skylake processors that were in the previous MacBook Pro. Apple has also upgraded the MacBook Pro’s graphics hardware. The 13-inch models that have only an integrated graphics processor use either the Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 or Graphics 650, replacing the Intel Iris Plus Graphics 540 or Graphics 550 in the previous models. The 15-inch models upgraded its integrated graphics from an Intel HD Graphics 530 to an Intel HD Graphics 630. They also have heftier discrete graphics: either a 2GB Radeon Pro 555 or a 4GB Radeon Pro 560, which are an upgrade from the 2GB Radeon Pro 450 and 455 and the 4GBRadeon Pro 460 found in earlier models. The solid-state-drives (SSDs) in the new MacBook Pro are faster as well—up to 50 percent over the SSD in the previous models, according to Apple. Models and prices Apple offers four standard configurations of the 13-inch MacBook Pro, and two of the 15-inch MacBook Pro. All laptops are available in Space Gray or Silver. Here’s the rundown on each model. (Each model can be customized at an additional cost.) 13-inch MacBook Pro $1,299: 2.3GHz dual-core Core i5 processor, 8GB of memory, 128GB SSD, Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 (integrated graphics), two Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, no TouchBar $1,499: 2.3GHz dual-core Core i5 processor, 8GB of memory, 256GB SSD, Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 (integrated graphics), two Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, no TouchBar $1,799: 3.1GHz dual-core Core i5 processor, 8GB of memory, 256GB SSD, Intel Iris Plus Graphics 650 (integrated graphics), four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, TouchBar included $1,999: 3.1GHz dual-core Core i5 processor, 8GB of memory, 512GB SSD, Intel Iris Plus Graphics 650 (integrated graphics), four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, TouchBar included 15-inch MacBook Pro $2,399: 2.8GHz quad-core Core i7 processor, 16GB of memory, 256GB SSD, Intel HD Graphics 630 (integrated graphics), 2GB Radeon Pro 555 (discrete graphics), four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, TouchBar included $2,799: 2.9GHz quad-core Core i7 processor, 16GB of memory, 512GB SSD, Intel HD Graphics 630 (integrated graphics), 4GB Radeon Pro 560 (discrete graphics), four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, TouchBar included Apple also sells an “affordable” 15-inch MacBook Pro, which is based on specifications from a model that sold in 2015 and is available only in silver. The heart of this laptop is a Haswell processor, which is a fourth-generation Intel processor. Here are its price and specifications: $1,999: 2.2GHz quad-core Core i7 processor (Haswell), 16GB of memory, 256GB SSD, Iris Pro Graphics (integrated graphics), two Thunderbolt 2 ports, two USB 3 ports, no TouchBar How to buy a MacBook Pro You can buy a new MacBook Pro directly from Apple online. Check the Apple website for ship dates, since the laptops may not be available immediately. You can also visit a retail Apple store near you.  To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: MacBooks Macs Laptops WWDC MacBook Pro WWDC Roman has covered technology since the early 1990s. His career started at MacUser, and he's worked for MacAddict, Mac|Life, TechTV, PC/Computing, and Windows NT Systems. He's also written for MacRumors and Realtor.com. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (11) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Kevin Lawrence, Lucas Trask, Joaquin Miller, and Takafumi Mizuno for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why NVIDIA Stock Growth Is No Sure Thing NVIDIA has been a stock market darling over the last few years on the strength of its performance in the emerging field of AI. Should investors buy this high-flyer, or is its dominance in jeopardy? Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jun 6, 2017 at 3:52PM Artificial intelligence (AI) has been a boon to a number of companies, but no company has benefited more from this nascent technology than NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), the industry leader in graphics processing. The company's performance accelerated when researchers discovered that the same qualities that made GPUs the best choice for graphics -- the ability to perform massive amounts of mathematical calculations at a high rate of speed -- also made them the go-to choice for training AI systems. NVIDIA's growth over the last several years has been nothing less than astonishing. In the most recent quarter, revenue grew 48% to $1.9 billion over the prior-year quarter and revenue from AI, which is housed in the company's datacenter segment, jumped 186% year over year. The stock has more than tripled in the last year, increased 500% over two years, and is up a staggering 1,000% in five years. Investors are rightly wondering whether this performance can continue, and several recent developments make its outlook a bit less certain. NVIDIA DGX-1 AI Supercomputer-in-a-box. IMAGE SOURCE: NVIDIA. We want a piece of that Success has a tendency to attract competition, and that is certainly true in the case of NVIDIA. Google, a division of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG), recently revealed its second-generation Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) that could challenge NVIDIA in the space. AI occurs in two distinct stages: the training of the system, then the running of the system -- known as inferencing -- after it has been trained. Where this latest version of the TPU differs from the first is its ability to address both stages of an AI system. NVIDIA has had a near-monopoly in the space regarding training AI systems, as there was no better alternative. The new iteration of the TPU could change that. Google also announced success in stringing together 64 of its TPUs into a pod that could produce unrivaled computational capability, exceeding that of the GPU. It is deploying these across its Google Compute Engine and will give researchers and academia access to a cluster of 1,000 cloud TPUs for free, on the condition that they share their research in peer-reviewed publications. Google has not made any move to make its TPU available for sale, so they can only be accessed via the company's cloud offerings. Researchers may not want to get locked into Google's ecosystem in the early stages of AI development, lest something better comes along. Google's TPU may be the future of AI processors. Image source: Google. Intel outside Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) had been largely shut out of the explosion of AI-induced growth, as the number-crunching capabilities of the GPU vastly exceeded that of the CPU. Don't shed too many tears for Intel, though. With an estimated 99% market share of the server market, more servers means Intel is inside. Intel is not intent to concede all this growth to NVIDIA. The company had already been developing CPUs customized for AI applications, but late last year, it acquired deep-learning start-up Nervana. The company had developed what it called the Nervana Engine, an application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) that removed the elements of a GPU specific to graphics processing and reengineered the memory, creating a chip that increased the computing capability by tenfold. Intel is hard at work integrating this technology into its Knights Mill Xeon Phi processor, which is customized for deep learning. Thes chips are scheduled to ship mid-year.  FPGA's may outdo GPU's for AI. Image source: Intel. Another emerging threat Google's TPU isn't the only potential competition to NVIDIA's dominant GPU. Several companies including Intel, through its acquisition of Altera, and Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) have been experimenting with the use of the field-programmable gate array (FPGA), a processor that can be reconfigured for specific functions after manufacturing. FPGAs have been notoriously challenging to program, requiring both hardware and software expertise. Xilinx has worked to make the programming less onerous by releasing tools to ease the hurdles in implementing FPGAs. Another advantage of the FPGA lies in its power efficiency. The high energy consumption of GPUs makes them more expensive to run. When used at the scale of a cloud provider, the energy efficiency could be a key differentiator. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has already made a big bet in FPGAs; it already outfitted its entire Azure cloud network with the specialty chips and is running its deep-learning neural networks with them. Expect more developments NVIDIA GPU competitor Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is also scheduled to release its Radeon Instinct line of chips specifically designed for AI applications, which it claims will best NVIDIA's latest and greatest. It remains to be seen if its new line is superior, or if this is merely posturing by the smaller opponent. At this point, there is no one chip perfect for every AI application; each possesses its own strengths and weaknesses. NVIDIA's advantage may hold as the best chip for training AI systems, but it could just as easily give way in the fast-paced and ever-changing field of AI. There isn't any need to sound the alarm bell yet, but NVIDIA's continued growth isn't guaranteed. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Danny Vena owns shares of Alphabet (A shares). Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $640 calls on Alphabet (C shares), short January 2018 $650 calls on Alphabet (C shares), and long January 2018 $25 calls on Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 3:52PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Microsoft NASDAQ:MSFT $72.47 up $0.08 (0.11%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.02 (0.06%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $1,001.59 no change (0.00%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $12.70 up $0.32 (2.54%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $153.23 up $4.11 (2.76%) Xilinx NASDAQ:XLNX $67.99 up $0.12 (0.18%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $982.74 up $1.66 (0.17%) Read More 3 Growth Stocks That Could Soar More Than Intuitive Surgical Analysts Are Expecting Self-Driving Cars to Be Huge for Alphabet, Inc. Here's Why They're Right How Intel Corporation's Core i9-7980XE Can Succeed Intel Corporation's Upcoming Low-Cost Chip Looks Great 1 Problem for Intel Corporation’s Kaby Lake-X Chips Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why NVIDIA Stock Growth Is No Sure Thing @themotleyfool #stocks $MSFT, $INTC, $GOOGL, $AMD, $NVDA, $XLNX, $GOOG
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more Ryan Whitwam Follow View All Posts 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 16 Plus 1 on G+ 14 Share on Facebook 43 Share on Twitter Total Shares73 Android Wear Reviews Wearable Reviews Article Contents 1 Specs 2 The Good 3 The Not So Good 3.1 Design and hardware 3.2 Display 3.3 Performance and battery 3.4 Software 3.5 Conclusion: No Smartwatches haven't exactly taken off. In fact, a number of electronics companies have pulled back on plans for Android Wear including Motorola, Sony, and Asus. That's left fewer smartphone makers in the fray, but there are also fashion designers and traditional watch designers dabbling in Wear. We will see a lot more of these smartwatches in 2017, and one of them is the extremely spendy Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45. This is the second Android Wear device from Tag Heuer, and like the first one, it's being produced in partnership with Intel. It has a lot in common with the company's other watches, for example the high price tag. The Connected Modular 45 starts at $1,500 and can reach around $5,000 if you really go all out. However, it's not better at any of the typical smartwatch things than other devices—actually, it's worse at some of them. It's a real head-scratcher. Specs Processor Intel Atom Z34XX, dual-core up to 1GHz RAM 512MB Storage 4GB Display 1.39-inch round AMOLED at 400 x 400 Battery 410mAh Measurements 45mm case, 13.75mm thick, 116g with strap Connectivity Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 4.1, GPS, NFC Sensors Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Ambient Light Sensor Software Android Wear 2.0 The Good Design The titanium case and sapphire screen are durable materials. Customization There are tons of combinations with different cases, lugs, and straps. NFC Supports Android Pay, which is very much appreciated when some other watches have omitted it. Strap The deployant clasp is sturdy and very convenient. Software Comes with the latest version of Android Wear. My brand It's got the Tag Heuer brand stamped on it, if you care about such things. The Not So Good Design again It's a very blocky watch, which a lot of people won't like. Price The $1,500 starting price is a bit crazy considering the features. Performance Despite having an SoC that should be snappy, the watch is sluggish. Watches that cost a fraction as much are noticeably faster. Missing hardware No heart rate sensor or speaker? Not what I'd expect for a $1,500 watch. Display It's mediocre with middling brightness and a dingy image quality. Size This watch is huge. It's too large for someone with small wrists to wear—the band doesn't even get small enough me. Strap again All the lugs and straps are proprietary, so you have to buy them from Tag Heuer. They too are very expensive. Design and hardware The Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 is a colossal watch. The "45" indicates the 45mm width of the body, but that doesn't tell the whole story. The lugs and the frame of the watch extend far away from the face—those black trapezoid shapes (Tag calls this a "wing") at the top and bottom of the face better illustrate how large the watch is. If you have small wrists like me, this watch looks unnaturally big. Most watches are made of plastic and (if you're lucky) aluminum. The case of the Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 is milled from a solid block of titanium. The lugs and the clasp are also titanium, but the anodized bezel is aluminum. The watch is nearly indestructible, but it's heavy because of the titanium chassis. It's 116g with the strap, but a Zenwatch 3 is only 60g. Looking at it another way, the watch is only slightly lighter than the LG X Style, a 5-inch smartphone that came out last year (121g). The crown button is dead center on the right edge. It has just the right firmness with a tactile click when pressed. However, this is only a button. There's no rotating action to scroll through items in Wear 2.0. The base model watch comes with a thick rubber strap, which is fine. I wouldn't call it visually impressive, though. For $1,500 I would expect a nice leather or metal band of some sort. The band and lugs disconnect with a button on the underside, which is the "modular" part of the Connected Modular 45. You can swap lugs and bands, but this is a completely custom design. You have to buy all these accessories from Tag Heuer, and they too are extremely expensive. I'm a big fan of Tag Heuer's latch mechanism, which Asus copied on the original Zenwatch. It's a deployant clasp that's super-easy to put on and take off. After you size it, simply fold the mechanism closed and it latches. Then, press the buttons on either side to release the latch. It allows for a very clean look as the excess band is tucked inside against your wrist. In the case of the stock rubber band, the latch is a bit annoying for me. The band tapers, which limits how much you can adjust the size. Even when it's as small as I can make it, the Connected Modular 45 is slightly too loose. The aesthetics are, of course, highly subjective. That said, my opinion of the Connected Modular 45's design is not positive. I don't think I'd call it an ugly watch, but it's aggressively masculine with all the sharp angles and blocky frame. It just looks overwrought to me. I showed the watch to a number of people, most of whom were unimpressed by the design; a few said it was downright ugly, too. I did hear one thing a lot, though. No one could believe this watch costs $1,500. Inside, the Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 has an Intel Atom Z34XX SoC, GPS, NFC, and the usual raft of orientation sensors. Having NFC for Android Pay is cool, but you have to do some wrist contortions to place the face of the watch on the payment terminal. The setup process is a bit of a pain, too. You need to authorize your card all over again like you were using a new phone. It is frankly baffling to me that this $1,500 smartwatch doesn't have a heart rate sensor. I mean, surely such a high price tag should get you a sensor that's found in cheap fitness bands, right? Apparently not. There is a microphone cutout on the side of the watch, but there's also no speaker. Again, this is a really expensive smartwatch, and it lacks features that you get in watches that cost a fraction as much. Display This is a 1.39-inch AMOLED panel with a resolution of 400x400. It's completely round, which is thankfully more common these days. There is an ambient light sensor under the screen, so you don't have to set the brightness manually. It doesn't get particularly bright, though. Using the Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 outside is a bit of a chore, which isn't helped by the fact that the display is weirdly "deep" under the glass. Most devices go for the gapless look, but Tag Heuer wanted the screen to be at the same depth as the face on its mechanical watches. I don't think it worked very well in practice. The Watch Style and Connected Modular 45 Since this is an AMOLED, the blacks are truly black. The colors seem weirdly muted for an AMOLED, and the white balance is way too warm. The panel also has a fuzzy quality that's especially visible on gray background. That's something Wear 2.0 has in spades. I don't know the providence of this screen, but it looks a lot like LG's P-OLED technology from several years ago—it's dingy and I don't like it. There's also noticeable ghosting on the Modular 45's screen compared to any other modern watch. Perhaps one upshot here is that you probably won't scratch the display. It's covered with a sheet of sapphire glass, which is much harder than the Gorilla Glass used on other devices. Performance and battery The dual-core Intel Atom chip in this watch should be more than fast enough to power Android Wear, at least on paper. In practice, this watch is insultingly slow. It doesn't outright lag most of the time, but it's not responsive. The watch is always rushing to catch up with my finger as I scroll and swipe. Again, I feel it necessary to bring up the price. If I spend $1,500 on a smartwatch, it had better be blazing fast, and the Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 is not. I suspect the SoC is tuned very conservatively. After all, this chip came out several years ago and is based on an inefficient 22nm process. Launching apps—which is a thing we have to do on smartwatches now, like it or not—is also quite sluggish on the Tag Heuer watch. This is never particularly fast on watches, but the Connected Modular 45 is at least a second or two slower compared to the Watch Style. And by the way, you could buy six Watch Styles for the price of one Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45. This watch has a respectable 410mAh battery inside. It gets pretty standard battery life for a Wear device: around 18-20 hours. I have not had to worry about charging the Connected Modular 45 while I'm still out and about, except for the first day when it drained oddly fast in just a few hours. That seems to have been an outlier, though. You'll still be charging this watch every night, but it'll make it through one day comfortably. When you do have to plug the watch in, the charger is actually quite good. It's a pogo pin situation, as are many smartwatches. However, the charging puck attaches with strong magnets that ensure it's aligned the right way. Software The Connected Modular 45 ships with Android Wear 2.0, and I suppose that's a good thing. Devices shipping with current software is nice in theory, but I still can't get over some of the decisions Google made in Wear 2.0. To be clear, these are not specific complaints to the Connected Modular 45, but you should know what you're getting into when you pick up this $1,500 watch. The way notifications are handled in Wear 2.0 continues to baffle me. Basically, any app that uses the standard notification bundling API gets its notifications split up on the watch. You see this most often with Gmail, which gives each email its own screen. That means a lot of scrolling to get through everything. This is made more annoying by the lack of a digital crown on the Connected Modular 45. Disconnecting the watch's do not disturb from the phone's is also a negative, in my opinion. Previous Next All the watch face improvements in Wear 2.0 are great, but Tag Heuer didn't take advantage of them. The stock watch faces, which you can see in the gallery above, look nice enough with the standard Tag Heuer aesthetic. There's almost no interactivity, though. Only one of them supports complications, a few others have built-in chronographs, and the others let you choose between several dial colors. Actually, the fully editable "Tag Heuer Studio" face is done quite well, and the resulting watch faces do look very different. Still, there are plenty of third-party watch faces that are just as pretty and include many more features. But hey, these are official Tag Heuer TM watch faces. Some people care about that sort of thing.   There is a Tag Heuer app for your phone, which I was hoping would offer some unique features to help justify that high price tag. Nope—the Connected app lets you create customized watch faces in the Tag Heuer Studio, but the settings are the same that are available on the watch itself. Conclusion: No I think the kindest thing I can say about the Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 is that the build quality is very good. It's a big chunk of titanium, so yes, it's solid. Tag Heuer knows how to make watches, so everything fits together well. Despite the fact that the lugs can be swapped out, the Connected Modular 45 feels like a single unit. I'm not really a fan of the overall design, and it's a very, very large watch. I have small wrists, and it looks comically big on me. The stock rubber strap is very nice as far as such bands go, but this is a $1,500 watch. It seems like a nice leather band should come with it, but you have spend at least a few hundred more for those. Yes, you need to buy bands for this modular watch from Tag Heuer. The connection to the modular lugs is not standard, and additional rubber straps are $115. The leather ones will set you back $275, which is enough to buy a cheaper smartwatch. The metal and ceramic bands are priced between $700 and $1,000. If these prices are at all surprising, let me just remind you this watch only starts at $1,500. While Tag Heuer clearly paid attention to the watch aspects of the watch, it dropped the ball when it comes to much of the technology. The Connected Modular 45 has NFC, which is nice to see. However, there's no digital crown for scrolling, the screen is mediocre at best, and there's no heart rate sensor or speaker. The biggest issue for me is the sluggish performance, which is omnipresent and hugely annoying. The software simply is not well optimized for the Intel Atom chip in this watch. It definitely needs more work, but I don't know if anyone is going to do it. You can't buy a smartwatch without considering the state of Android Wear. Notifications, do not disturb, and app management are all in need of work. It's hard to justify spending a few hundred on an Android Wear device right now, let alone $1,500. That's what it comes down to: the price. Before you get worked up about all the little issues with this watch, you have to confront the high price tag. The Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 does many of the same things as other smartwatches, but it has a titanium case with the Tag Heuer logo. You could make the argument that an expensive mechanical watch at least partially justifies the price because the internal mechanisms are of higher quality. However, the Connected Modular 45 is still just a regular smartwatch inside. It has a supposedly more powerful SoC, but one that isn't doing it any favors. It's unlikely many AP readers were considering purchasing this watch, but this is something to keep in mind as more fashion companies and watch makers get into Android Wear. It's still just a smartwatch—stamping a big name on the outside doesn't mean it'll be better than a $250 smartwatch. In fact, it might be worse. Tags android wear Reviews smartwatches tag heuer subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Sprint offers the LG G6 at 50% off, Best Buy discounts the Verizon version even ... ... Next Story Opinion: Google+ isn’t dead, but it is drowning in spam (though it plans to do something about ... Trending 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 Comments Peter World Citizen Wearing "six Watch Styles" on one wrist will look stupid. 😁 EcE Would still be a smarter move than buying this RyanWhitwam I would buy six Watch Styles before I bought one Connected Modular 45. And I don't even like the Watch Style very much. thomas sim Why buy 6 Watch Style, buy few different AW ( LG Asus Motorola Huawei etc ) 😂 and swap everyday Henriettagchaffee Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours & have longer with friends and family! !de92c: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I've had.. Follow this link for more information !de92c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs382ShopDesignsGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!de92c:....,....... Christopher Phillips I do the job from ease and comfort of my property or home, via doing easy gigs that usually requires from you a Desktop together with internet connection and I am happier than before... After six months time in this work and also i got professionally paid in sum 36,000 bucks... Mainly I make up approximately eighty bucks/hour and work for three to four hrs day by day.And exceptional factor with this task is that you can arrange time while you get the job done and for just how long as you prefer and you achieve a check every week.----->>>> learn by clicking here how to do it right now 4Ui812 I'm sorry but smart watches strike me as douchey EarlyMon I accept your apology even though I have reason to doubt its sincerity. Does your apology mean that you are going to stop doing that? T4rd "It seems like $1500 should get you more." Pretty much my thoughts on any jewelry that expensive or more. But yeah, even the best smart watches seem to be more of an annoyance than an aid so far. The last thing I want is another device to charge every night, or even every other night. tiger Like first gen, this Tag is pure crap. Lazy design. Feature anemic. Compare this to an Apple Watch Series 2 Hermes and you can see how this Tag is a POS. b_freeman I personally like the style of the new Tag, but I prefer classic chronograph and diver style watches. I agree it is over priced and feature anemic. I believe the Apple Watch is one of the ugliest smartwatches out there. tiger Yeah ok. Lol b_freeman Thats why smartwatches are having problems. Everyone has different opinions about what looks good on their wrist, and no smartwatch as yet to deliver on must have features; so it all comes down to aesthetics's and specs. I personally don't care what specs/features the Apple Watch has I thinks it's ugly and won't wear one and I'm enough of a tech guy that I don't care how nice I think the Tag watch looks if its specs/features aren't in the right place. tiger Apple Watch is selling just fine.... Fitness and health are the next frontier and are what will make Apple Watches a must have. Android Wear cannot even deliver on heart rate on most of its models! b_freeman I never said it wasn't selling fine. I just said I think its ugly. EarlyMon While I agree with the utility of a heart rate monitor (my Huatch has one) I don't think the fact that Android Wear has a wider selection of devices with different features, including many without HRM, is somehow cause for slagging Android Wear per se, much less with an exclamation point. NewttheLiar Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 is selling just fine. Marty I guess rich people need something to spend their money on. 🙄 JD It's titanium and sapphire. Regular tech geeks need not apply. This is for lovers of Ti.... And for Some reason Android Wear. <- this is usually mutually exclusive. b_freeman Although I like the overall design, I believe anyone who buys this watch has more money then sense. They would be much better served to buy a real watch. EarlyMon You do realize that is exactly what has been said about every smart watch to date yeah? :D JD When you got FYM you don't need sense EarlyMon When you got FYM, sense has nothing to do with it. It's not FY except when I respect your sense M, it's just FYM. Anthony Russo I'll keep my $300 Watch. This watch doesn't do anything different than mine.. Amarus Kh I'm glad that you guys chose someone capable of handling the review objectively to write the article about this Tag Heuer watch, not like the one when the article and the writer's comment were basically "lol, people who care about expensive watches are idiots". Ahmad Zaim Hilmi As with any Swiss watch, which is merely overpriced mechanical watch coupled with some fancy ads, Tag expect to pull the same trick with a smartwatch and hope people would go for it. Well, they are sorely mistaken. Def Ref I paid $1400 for my 65" 4K HDR TV and $17 for my Timex Marathon digital watch. My priorities are in order. Anyone who would buy this needs to be donating more to charity, starting with $1500. EarlyMon So if someone without a TV because they can't stand it buys this watch do they owe a charity $17? I'm not sure if you thought through your whole priorities thing before offering that advice. :D Rob "It seems like $1,500 should get you more" ...it seems that if you're dumb enough to spend $1500 on a watch, you're getting exactly what you deserve. icwhatudidthere Lol so I just got back from Monaco and the Tag Heuer store there said they had trouble keeping them in stock because they constantly sell out. It's one of their highest volume products. It's jewelry that happens to run Android Wear. Also note the sluggishness might have been due to a software bug. A subsequent software update fixed that. Mine is no longer sluggish. NewttheLiar Agreed. It's a great watch. Why have someone who can't afford to purchase an item review it? Follow Android Police 1.49M 473k 146k 119k Latest Deals 11 [Deal Alert] Today's Amazon Goldbox includes deals on SanDisk microSD cards, Type-C flash drives, and more 2017/06/07 1:11pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 8 [Deal Alert] B&H has the unlocked LG G6 for $549.99 ($50 off), or $599.99 with a Watch Style included ($130 off) 2017/06/07 7:32am PDTJun 7, 2017 2 [Deal Alert] Canary Flex indoor/outdoor security camera on sale for around $158 ($41 off) 2017/06/06 2:31pm PDTJun 6, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Get a Galaxy Tab S3 for as little as $491.22 ($100+ off) from multiple retailers 2017/06/06 11:58am PDTJun 6, 2017 Latest Poll How many photos are on your Google Photos account? Under 100 100-999 1,000-2,499 2,500-4,999 5,000-9,999 10,000-19,999 20,000-39,999 More than 40,000. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 67 Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom review: A promising phone that falls victim to bad software and cut corners 2017/05/31 2:21pm PDTMay 31, 2017 114 AOSPA (Paranoid Android) review: back from the dead, and we're thrilled 2017/05/31 9:47am PDTMay 31, 2017 31 Tag Heuer Connected Modular 45 review: It seems like $1,500 should get you more 2017/05/29 9:57am PDTMay 29, 2017 75 [Update, G+ Post] Francisco Franco makes his productivity timer 5217 free to try 2017/05/16 10:01am PDTMay 16, 2017 290 HTC U11 hands-on: HTC gets a little closer to the mark 2017/05/16 12:02am PDTMay 16, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/31/17 - 6/6/17) 2017/06/06 4:22pm PDTJun 6, 2017 12 15 new and notable Android apps and live wallpapers from the last week (5/30/17 - 6/5/17) 2017/06/05 12:39pm PDTJun 5, 2017 13 29 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/24/17 - 5/31/17) 2017/05/31 10:20am PDTMay 31, 2017 8 10 new and notable Android apps from the last week (5/23/17 - 5/29/17) 2017/05/29 12:49pm PDTMay 29, 2017 13 31 new and notable Android games from the last week (5/17/17 - 5/23/17) 2017/05/23 3:06pm PDTMay 23, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 0 Wink introduces two new lighting control features alongside the Wink Bright starter kit 2017/06/08 6:11am PDTJun 8, 2017 19 MyScript Nebo is a handwriting recognition and note-taking app for devices with active styluses 2017/06/07 4:19pm PDTJun 7, 2017 27 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 44 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Blast from the Past 189 1 Year Ago Today A Bunch Of Jeopardy Nerds Have Never Heard Of Android Or Marshmallow 2016/06/08 12:18am PDTJun 8, 2016 19 2 Years Ago Today 47 New And Notable Android Games From The Last 2 Weeks (5/26/15 - 6/8/15) 2015/06/08 5:00pm PDTJun 8, 2015 72 3 Years Ago Today Motorola's "Try Then Buy" Promo And 64GB Moto X Are Now Live [Update: Promo Codes All Gone!] 2014/06/08 9:40pm PDTJun 8, 2014 15 4 Years Ago Today [Bonus Round] City Of Secrets 2, Forsaken Planet, Slydris, Color Zen, And Flashout 3D Free 2013/06/08 6:07pm PDTJun 8, 2013 33 5 Years Ago Today Samsung Galaxy S3 Not Eligible For 50 GB Dropbox Offer On AT&T Or Verizon 2012/06/08 6:12pm PDTJun 8, 2012 6 6 Years Ago Today Adobe Quietly Releases Content Viewer For Android, Wants To Become The Cross-Platform Magazine Distributor Of Choice 2011/06/08 9:16pm PDTJun 8, 2011 6 7 Years Ago Today Nexus One Gets 720p HD Video Recording In A Patch To CyanogenMod 2010/06/08 10:55pm PDTJun 8, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 106 Google wants to make it easy for carriers to have interoperable RCS messaging 2017/06/07 2:18pm PDTJun 7, 2017 23 Google's new Home commercial is like O-M-G totally, dude 2017/06/07 1:33pm PDTJun 7, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] It's Wednesday, so why not take a break from your mid-week and peruse 25 temporarily free and 32 on-sale apps, plus both 0.10 Apps of the Week 2017/06/07 1:04pm PDTJun 7, 2017 43 Chrome 59 adds Animated PNG support, a new Image Capture API, and more [APK Download] 2017/06/07 12:35pm PDTJun 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 449 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 26 Google app v7.4 beta prepares for Google Home calling, manual rerouting of voice commands, and more [APK Teardown] 2017/06/07 1:49pm PDTJun 7, 2017 92 Samsung uploads its Device Maintenance tool to the Play Store 2017/06/03 6:01pm PDTJun 3, 2017 32 Google family calendars are going live 2017/06/03 3:27pm PDTJun 3, 2017 76 [Update: It's back] Boost for Reddit removed from Play Store for alleged promotion of drugs, still not back after a week 2017/06/06 1:33pm PDTJun 6, 2017 Last 30 Days 451 Exclusive: This is the OnePlus 5 2017/06/06 11:24am PDTJun 6, 2017 79 [Pawcket Dialing] Google Phone 9.0 hides a hilarious Paw Mode easter egg 2017/05/12 6:00am PDTMay 12, 2017 13 [Deal Alert] edjing Pro, normally $4.99, is temporarily free 2017/05/17 2:38am PDTMay 17, 2017 88 Android O feature spotlight: Pixel Launcher lets you select icon shapes [Update] 2017/05/17 1:50pm PDTMay 17, 2017 28 Google Photos v2.16 prepares to upgrade the camera shortcut, suggest photos to archive, and more [APK Teardown + Download] 2017/05/31 11:36pm PDTMay 31, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 133 queries | 0.581s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Hands on: Mophie Juice Pack battery case for the Google Pixel XL Trending in Google Best Android phones you can buy [June 2017] Trending in Google Hands on with some of the best cases for the Samsung Galaxy S8 Trending in Google Hands-on with 5 Android apps and games you should download in May 2017 [Video] Trending in Google Is the Android O Dev Preview 2 stable enough for your daily driver? Here’s​ our experience so far Trending in Google Hands on with the new features in Android O Dev Preview 2 [Video] June 6 GOOG: 976.57 -7.11 Best Chromebooks you can buy today [June 2017] Ben Schoon - Jun. 6th 2017 10:37 am PT @NexusBen Chrome/OS best Chromebooks View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Chrome OS used to be the laughing-stock of the OS wars, but today it holds a strong place in the market. Thanks to Android apps, the OS is only becoming more and more useful too. One of the hardest parts of Chrome OS, though, is picking a machine to run it on. So, let’s take a look at the best Chromebooks you can buy today… The best gifts for Android users NEW FOR JUNE: Samsung Chromebook Pro While Computex is bringing us some quiet reveals, the biggest release in the Chromebook world this month has been the Samsung Chromebook Pro. Like the Chromebook Plus, the Pro offers up excellent features like Android apps out of the box, a brilliant 2400×1600 IPS touchscreen display, and a premium 2-in-1 design. It also includes a built-in stylus and two USB-C ports. The biggest differences with the Chromebook Pro over the Plus is what’s found under the hood. The Chromebook Pro has the same 4GB of RAM, but paired with an Intel Core m3 processor as opposed to the “OP1” ARM chipset in the Plus. The Chromebook Pro also offers a gorgeous matte black color as opposed to the silver found on the Plus. Pricing for the Samsung Chromebook Pro lands at $549, a reasonable price hike from the Plus, and is available from Amazon, Best Buy, Samsung, Newegg, and more. FROM EARLIER THIS YEAR: Samsung Chromebook Plus The headliner in the Chrome OS market today is the Samsung Chromebook Plus. Samsung’s latest machine is a premium device designed for Android apps that is one of the more well thought-out machines in recent memory. It offers a 12.3-inch display with a 3:2 aspect ratio that comes in at 2400×1600. It’s a very sharp display which looks stunning, and with a responsive touchscreen that can flip all the way around, it makes for a solid tablet replacement. Android apps are enabled out of the box on this one as well, meaning that users can easily use this machine both for tasks in Chrome and in their favorite apps. It also makes Samsung’s embedded stylus possible, with improved functionality through a couple of pre-loaded apps. The Chromebook Plus runs on top of a hexa-core ARM-based chipset developer in collaboration with Google. The OP1 chipset is well optimized for Chrome and Android apps, and it works pretty well on the Plus. Paired with 4GB of RAM and 32GB of storage, it makes for a solid experience overall. Samsung has made the decision to go all-in on USB-C on the Chromebook Plus as well, leaving users with two USB-C ports for charging, data transfer, and output. It’s not ideal, but it’s also not a big deal on this sort of machine. Priced at $449, Samsung is certainly going for the higher end of the market, but after using it, I certainly feel it’s worth the asking price. You can pick up the Samsung Chromebook Plus from Amazon (where it’s commonly on sale), the Google Store, Best Buy, and various other retailers. ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA The other big release we’ve seen in 2017 has been the ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA. This machine closely rivals the Chromebook Plus with a premium design, but takes a slightly different approach with the overall package. The C302CA offers Android apps (in the beta channel only for now) and was clearly designed with them in mind. The 12.5-inch 1080p touchscreen display is great for using apps, and the 16:9 aspect ratio feels natural when using media applications as well. It also offers an excellent backlit keyboard and all-day battery life, with charging support via the two USB-C ports, which are the only ports found on the machine. ASUS has packed this Chromebook with Intel’s Core m3 chipset, 64GB of storage, and 4GB of RAM. That Intel chipset makes the C302CA a great choice for those who need some extra power, and it works very well. Priced at $499, the C302CA isn’t necessarily for the first time Chromebook buyer, but it’s an excellent option that will become an even better value when Android apps make their way to the stable channel. Retailers such as Amazon, Newegg, and Best Buy offer it. HP Chromebook 13 Google’s Chromebook Pixel was easily the best of the best when it comes to Chromebooks, but it’s been long gone. For users who crave a similarly premium experience, the HP Chromebook 13 is an excellent option. It offers a striking design made from premium materials and a solid set of specifications. The Chromebook 13 runs on top of an Intel Pentium processor, 4GB of RAM, 32GB of storage, and has a 13.3-inch 3200×1800 IPS display. It also offers 11.5 hours of battery life and two USB-C ports along with full-size USB ports and a B&O enhanced headphone jack. The keyboard is also backlit. Pricing for the HP Chromebook 13 starts at about $500 from retailers such as HP itself, Amazon, Best Buy, Newegg, and B&HPhoto. B&H, however, does offer the machine in a few other configurations, maxing out with an Intel Core m7 processor and 16GB of RAM for about $1,000. Acer Chromebook 14 Acer is one of the most popular Chromebook makers, and that’s why it has more than one option on this list. The first, though, is the Acer Chromebook 14. Offering up a metal build, Intel Celeron chipset, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage, this is a pretty respectable offering from the company. This is certainly a Chrome OS-first experience, though, as the screen doesn’t flip around, nor does the machine feature a touchscreen for using Android apps (although it will still receive them, eventually). Priced at $299, the Chromebook 14 isn’t a bad deal. It lacks some of the newer perks of modern Chromebooks, like USB-C, but it’s definitely a good choice. It’s available in both silver and gold from retailers such as Amazon. You can learn more in our full review. Acer Chromebook N7 (C731) Education is the biggest market for Chrome OS, and hardware is constantly being released with that in mind. One of the more recent options has been the Acer Chromebook N7, launched back at CES 2017. This machine offers a lot for its $229 price tag, including an Intel Celeron chipset, 4GB of RAM, 16GB of storage, and an 11.6-inch IPS touchscreen HD display. Like many other Chromebooks with an education focus, the N7 offers improved durability with drop and water resistance. It unfortunately doesn’t feature USB-C, but does offer up two USB 3.0 ports, HDMI, a full-size SD card reader, and, of course, a headphone jack. The Acer Chromebook N7 is available for purchase from Amazon, Newegg, Walmart, and other retailers. Acer R11 If you’re looking to replace your aging Android tablet with a Chromebook, the Acer R11 is a solid option. It’s one of the few Chromebooks on the market today that features Android apps out of the box, and it’s a great showcase for the functionality thanks to the 360-degree hinge. Running on top of an Intel Celeron processor, 4GB of RAM, and 32GB of storage, the R11 offers a great experience on Chrome OS. Its age causes it to lack thing like USB-C, but it features plenty of full-size USB ports, HDMI, and a full-size SD card slot to make up for that. At $279, it’s a solid machine to pick up. Acer Chromebook 15 If you’re looking for affordability above all else, it doesn’t get much better than the Acer Chromebook 15. Priced at just $199, this machine offers a huge 15.6-inch display (albeit a low-resolution one), a solid keyboard, wide array of ports, and suprisingly good performance. It packs an Intel Celeron chipset, 2GB of RAM, and 16GB of storage. It’s a bare bones machine for sure, but it gets the job done. It’s easy to find the 2016 model at Walmart, but if you’re looking for some extra power or a better display, other models are available for purchase on Amazon for an extra $50-$100. Ben Schoon @NexusBen Ben is a writer for 9to5Google who can also be found over on the 9to5Google YouTube channel and on Twitter @NexusBen. Favorite Gear Pixel XL Gear S3 Frontier Huawei Mate 9 Guides Chrome/OS View THe Guide best Chromebooks View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED ABOUT A MINUTE AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content You are here: Home / Chips & Processors / Intel Facing Chip Rival Onslaught Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Intel Facing Onslaught in PC and Server Markets PUBLISHED: JUNE 06 2017 Intel, the world's largest semiconductor company, is under siege again. Having missed out on the mobile boom over the past decade, it now faces rivals pushing into personal computer and server markets, challenging the chip group's longtime leadership in these areas. For now, Intel is still in relatively good shape. More than 80% of PCs in the world use its core processors, which contributes to 55% of the Santa Clara, California-based company's revenue even though the rise of mobile devices has led to a slump in PC demand. The U.S. chip kingpin further enjoys a near-monopoly in the server chip field, a fast-growing area offering better margins than PCs, where it has a market share of more than 98%. But this could change, with chipmakers ARM, AMD, Nvidia and Qualcomm all highlighting plans to get into PCs, servers or both during Taipei's annual Computex tech expo that took place in the past week. Strong Contenders The SoftBank-owned British chip innovator ARM has overpowered Intel in the mobile age, and now it wants a piece of the PC chip group's pie as well, at a time when growth in the smartphone market is softening. Ninety per cent of mobile devices in the world, including smartphones, tablets and wearable items, use ARM's chip architecture, known for their power efficiency. ARM licenses its chip architecture to others, and many major global tech companies including Apple, Qualcomm and Samsung then create their own mobile processors using the British company's designs. Qualcomm, the world's No.1 mobile chip provider, announced for the first time during Computex that it would partner with ARM to offer core processors for PCs. Qualcomm and ARM have no presence in the PC market yet, but they may undermine Intel's dominance when leading PC brands including HP, Lenovo Group and Asustek Computer release products using Qualcomm processors before the end of this year. The Qualcomm-ARM camp's new venture has even received support from Microsoft, once Intel's key partner in the PC era, when the term "Wintel" was almost synonymous with PCs, in reference to Microsoft's Windows software. "We are targeting the thin-light, convertible, attachable [laptops], which is one of the only growing sectors in the PC market," Qualcomm Vice President Don McGuire told reporters in Taipei in a joint press conference with a Microsoft executive on May 31. McGuire boasted that his company's latest Snapdragon 835 chip, its flagship product for premium smartphones and PCs, could increase battery life by 50%, while being 30% smaller than Intel's product. The Qualcomm executive said that his company would engage with even more PC makers such as Dell, Fujitsu, Toshiba, and Panasonic in the future to grow its businesses. Meanwhile, President Rene Haas of ARM's intellectual property group said there was a lot of growth potential in the PC market and anything "over the zero percent" would be good for his company. Chief Technology Officer Steven Huang of Taiwanese contract electronics maker Pegatron expressed a keen interest in ARM's attempt to become a PC chip player. "The industry needs competition," he said, though he added it would take a while to see whether "Windows on ARM" will succeed. Fight Over Servers The ARM-Qualcomm camp's ambitions are stretching beyond the declining PC market. The two companies are also keen on the data center server chip market, currently Intel's most profitable business. Data centers are essential infrastructure for big tech companies such as Facebook and Google to gather and analyze data to grow next-generation technologies including artificial intelligence and driverless cars. Additionally, Cavium and Huawei Technologies' semiconductor unit Hisilicon Technologies is also working with ARM to develop data center server chips. ARM is targeting 25% of the data center server chip market by 2021, according to Haas. The ARM executive said major tech companies were looking for "more choices" and his company is working with every potential customer such as Google, Amazon and Facebook. Microsoft said in March it was testing ARM-based server processors internally. The British chip designer has also secured support from manufacturing partners. Lu Fang-ming, executive vice president of Foxconn Technology Group, confirmed that his company was shipping some ARM-based servers. Foxconn, also known as Hon Hai Presicion Industry, is the world's largest contract electronics and server maker. Meanwhile, Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., the world's largest contract chipmaker, is making ARM-based products for both PCs and servers with the latest cutting-edge technology to ensure best performance, according to Mark Li, an analyst at Bernstein. By contrast, Intel mostly makes its chips itself. Piling In Even AMD, Intel's smaller rival in the PC market, wants to compete in the server business. AMD Chief Executive Lisa Su told the Nikkei Asian Review on the sidelines of a Computex event that her company was aiming to secure "some double-digit market share in the server market in a few years." Graphics chipmaker Nvidia also has aggressive plans for the server market. Nvidia's technology is now widely used in the new type of data center servers that handle massive amount of images and videos to deal with artificial intelligence related computing. While core processors are still an indispensable part of a server, the growing use of Nvidia technology means servers in the future might require fewer Intel chips to run. Nvidia CEO Jensen Huang said that graphics computing for data centers was the fastest-growing business for his company. The U.S. chip company is teaming up with four Taiwanese contract electronics makers -- Hon Hai Precision Industry, Quanta Computer, Inventec, and Wistron -- to build new servers with AI capabilities. TSMC is making those chips for Nvidia. "Almost every network that you can think of, any artificial intelligence network, runs perfectly on our [graphic processing unit]," Huang told a small number of reporters on May 31. Still Ahead Gregory Bryant, Intel's corporate vice president and general manager of the client computing group, told the Nikkei Asian Review in an interview on May 3o that there had been some recovery and growth in the high-end PC market, where Intel has an edge. "There has been silicon competition for many years. The key for us is to focus on the right value factors and deliver the best products," said Bryant. He did not specify strategies to defend the company's market share. For all of 2016, Intel's revenue grew more than 7% to $59.4 billion thanks to growing orders to make modem chips for Apple and healthy demand from high-end gaming computers, while its net profit fell 10% from a year ago to $10.3 billion. The company's data center server business only expanded some 8% from a year ago, below the company's goal of double-digit percentage growth, due to stagnant enterprise demand. Data center servers, however, is still the most profitable unit, accounting for 58% of the company's operating income of $12.87 billion. While rivals are charging into Intel's turf, it may take a while for them to catch up, and the U.S. chip group may want to use the opportunity to focus on products with better margins, according to C. Y. Yao, an analyst at Taipei-based research firm TrendForce. "Growth of Intel's highly-profitable server chip unit is slowing, but if nothing goes wrong, it will still take some years for ARM to build a complete ecosystem around data center servers to really pose threats to Intel," said Yao. © 2017 Middle East Business News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Intel, Chipmaker, Server, Data Center, Semiconductor, AMD, Softbank, Nvidia Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. True Autonomous Cars Next Year? 2. SMBs Find Vets Dedicated, Capable 3. WWDC: What We Didn't Hear About 4. Three Challenges Facing Tesla 5. OnePlus 5 Phone Debuts on June 20 MAY INTEREST YOU Affordable car safety systems for ALL cars. See our backup cameras, accident prevention products, blind spot detection, parking sensors, and more, at Make My Car Safe. On sale now! MORE IN CHIPS & PROCESSORS 1. Intel Facing Chip Rival Onslaught 2. IBM Unveils 5-Nanometer Chip 3. AMD Debuts Threadripper Processor 4. Win 10 To Run on Qualcomm Chips 5. Intel Starts Computex with Big News NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Automotive Tech Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Cybercrime Tech Trends Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (11) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Kevin Lawrence, Lucas Trask, Joaquin Miller, and Takafumi Mizuno for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • AMD's Ryzen 5 CPUs reviewed, part two [153] • Apple takes the iMac Pro with Xeons and Radeon Vega graphics [74] • Apple throws an iPad Hail Mary with 10.5" and 12.9" Pro tablets [58] • AMD spills the beans on Radeon Pro chips inside the new Macs [40] Hot forum threads • Apple WWDC keynote • OS/2 is coming back. • Static and motherboards • PCIe 4.0 ALMOST Ready AMD spills the beans on Radeon Pro chips inside the new Macs by Wayne Manion  10:17 AM on June 6, 2017 Yesterday's refreshes of the iMac and MacBook Pro were highlighted by the switch from Intel sixth-generation Skylake Core processors to seventh-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, but models with discrete graphics cards also get a boost to AMD Radeon Pro 500-series graphics chips. Let's have a look at the details of these refreshed Polaris parts. Most MacBook Pro machines come with Intel IGPs, but higher-end 15" units come with AMD Radeon Radeon Pro 555 or Radeon Pro 560 graphics chips onboard. Both chips are likely based off the Polaris 21 chip inside the desktop Radeon HD 560. For reference, that chip has 1024 stream processors at a 1275 MHz boost clock. The Radeon Pro 555 packs 1.3 TFLOPS of peak compute power courtesy of 768 SPs packed into 12 compute units. Those figures would imply a boost clock of 850 MHz. The bigger Radeon Pro 560 has 1024 SPs in an array of 16 CUs, offering up a total of 1.9 TFLOPS, indicating that the boost clock is presumably set at 925 MHz. Both graphics options list 81 GB/s of memory bandwidth, which works out to 5 GT/s GDDR5 memory on a 128-bit-wide memory bus. The Radeon Pro 555 comes with 2 GB of its own memory, while the Radeon Pro 560 doubles that figure at 4 GB. Updated iMacs are available with three new AMD graphics chip options: the Radeon Pro 570, Radeon Pro 575, and Radeon Pro 580. All three appear to be built around the same Polaris 20 chip found in the desktop Radeon RX 570 and Radeon RX 580 cards. Memory bandwidth is set at 217 GB/s for the whole trio, a measure that works out to 6.8 GT/s GDDR5 on a 256-bit bus. For reference, the standard Radeon RX 570 packs 2048 SPs boosting to 1244 MHz and the Radeon RX 580 has 2304 at a 1340 MHz boost clock. The Radeon Pro 570 has been knocked down to 1792 SPs (in 28 CUs) offering up to 3.6 TFLOPs, which should mean a 1.0 GHz base clock according to a little napkin math. The Radeon Pro RX 575 delivers up to 4.5 TFLOPS from its 2048 SPs or 32 CUs, suggesting a 1100 MHz boost clock. Both those chips get 4 GB of RAM. Lastly, the Radeon Pro 580 has 2304 SPs (thus 36 CUs) cranking out up to 5.5 TFLOPS, indicating a 1.2 GHz boost clock. Much like its desktop counterpart, the Pro 580 has 8 GB of RAM on tap. The 768 SP configuration in the Radeon Pro 555 is not entirely novel. The same figure was found in the Radeon RX 455, though the 455 was built around older Bonaire silicon. Similarly, the 1792 SP layout in the Radeon Pro 575 has also been seen before in the Polaris 10 Radeon HD 470D sold exclusively in East Asian markets. All Radeon Pro 500-series chips appear to be Apple-exclusive, at least for now. Tags: Graphics Mac Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Take the plunge into Deepcool's Computex case lineup 2 iPhone screen repair machines coming to Best Buy stores 3 Gigabyte overclockers crank the knobs on a Core i7 to 7.5 GHz 16 Flir One and One Pro cameras are ready to take the heat 6 Pro overclocker pumps G.Skill DDR4 to 5.5 GT/s 7 Mushkin Armor3D and Triactor3D SSDs hit the third dimension 12 GOG Summer Sale discounts over 1500 games new and old 16 NZXT wants to BLD a PC for you 11 Drive-In Movie Day Shortbread 23 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS PrincipalSkinner Forget instagram and it's filters. Finally there's a camera that makes all women look hot. +29 chuckula Normally I'd complain about the aesthetics, but after dropping the brown acid se... +16 Waco ...so the 3D MLC is almost cheaper than the 3D TLC per byte stored. Does not com... +14 Mr.Ed You know I'm famous, right? +13 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Infinite Loop — Here’s hoping the iMac Pro learns from the Mac Pro’s mistakes It's a bit odd, but it's the first step toward fixing Apple's pro desktops. Andrew Cunningham - Jun 6, 2017 3:50 pm UTC reader comments 230 Share this story The iMac Pro is what I imagine Darth Vader's iMac would look like. Andrew Cunningham Cool black accessories (you can't buy them separately, sorry to say). Andrew Cunningham Also imposing from the back. Andrew Cunningham Ports, glorious ports: you get a headphone jack, four USB 3.0 ports, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, and 10 gigabit Ethernet. Andrew Cunningham The ventilation and cooling systems have been totally redesigned. Note the long, narrow vents across the bottom. Andrew Cunningham No one was allowed to touch the single iMac Pro that Apple had in its hands-on area following the WWDC keynote today. Big and dark and imposing, the computer is the first step toward making good on Apple's promises to recommit to its desktop users. It's not a new Mac Pro (a computer that's still coming, I've been assured), but it is a more concrete commitment to high-end desktops than the (nice, but straightforward) standard iMac refresh we got Tuesday. Further ReadingIntel unveils X-series platform: Up to 18 cores and 36 threads, from $242 to $2,000 Apple has made some cool tweaks to the iMac to earn it that "pro" moniker, specs aside. The cooling system and the vents have been entirely redesigned. A regular iMac has a single fan plus one vent in back, above the power cord and below where the stand meets the body of the computer. The Pro has two fans inside plus what appears to be a pair of long horizontal vents across the bottom, visible in the photos above. It also adds four Thunderbolt 3 ports to the normal USB 3.0 ports, plus a 10 gigabit Ethernet port. The neat black keyboard, mouse, and trackpad (sadly unavailable for purchase separately) are a nice touch, too. A powerful computer, frozen in amber But intriguing as it is, the iMac Pro is also an odd machine, one that's unlike pretty much any other computer that exists. It's an ultra high-end workstation that includes anywhere from eight to 18 CPU cores (which almost certainly means that it's using Intel's new X299 platform and its accompanying Skylake-X processors) and a GPU based on an architecture that is expected to be as big a leap forward for AMD as Pascal was for Nvidia. At the same time, it comes in the form of an all-in-one PC, and one that doesn't appear to have any user-accessible parts to boot (the RAM hatch present on regular 27-inch iMacs isn't apparent here, and Apple's spec sheet doesn't mention user-accessible memory). The end result is a Mac with high-end parts that is nevertheless hermetically sealed, a potentially awkward combination that helped to trip up the 2013 Mac Pro. That system aged poorly in part because components improve at different rates. Desktop CPUs don't improve all that much from year to year these days, but GPUs have gotten quite a bit better in the last four years. True to their name, all-in-ones need to be replaced all at once; it's hard enough to throw out a $1,400 or $2,000 system for want of a better GPU or more memory, and that gets even more difficult when your computer starts at $5,000. Powerful as the iMac Pro appears to be (and that's assuming the cooling apparatus is good enough to keep it from having major throttling problems), its useful life will probably be shorter than the PC tower Apple compared it to onstage just because you can't swap things out or replace them as they break or become outdated. It's the same basic compromise that we saw in the Mac Pro all over again. But there are signs that Apple has learned from its mistakes and is determined not to repeat them. With the Mac Pro, Apple designed itself into a corner—none of the sides of its triangle-shaped motherboard could be allowed to get dramatically hotter than the other two sides, so the enclosure was never going to be usable for anything other than a single CPU paired with two mid-end GPUs. That was a model of computing that never really took off, and Apple was left with a hard-to-update design that was impossible to retool. The iMac Pro enclosure is more conventional—it can handle one of today's fastest, hottest CPUs plus one of today's fastest, hottest GPUs. That has always been the typical approach to building a high-end computer; Intel, AMD, and Nvidia (allergic as Apple seems to be to Nvidia these days) are all going to keep making really powerful individual chips for the foreseeable future, so Apple ought to be able to update the iMac Pro on a regular cadence if it wants. And an iMac Pro that gets updated regularly can at least partially deflect concerns about its hardware getting stale. Even if you need to replace the whole thing more frequently, it's a little more justifiable if you actually have a faster version of the same computer you can upgrade to. Fixing the public perception problem Finally, let's talk about the way the iMac Pro was announced. It's odd for Apple to talk about stuff before it's done—the small, private meeting in April where Apple told the press about its intention to refocus on desktops was pretty much unprecedented. The announce-in-June-launch-in-December strategy was also used for the 2013 Mac Pro, so it's not unheard of even if it is unusual. Further ReadingApple is completely redesigning the Mac Pro… again For the iMac Pro, the "sneak peek" strategy ultimately seems like the right way to go. Apple's main problem when it comes to pro desktops at this point is public perception—complaints about how Apple was handling its pro desktops began in the lead-up to the 2013 Mac Pro's launch, grew louder as that machine sat on Apple's shelves for three years, and reached a fever pitch after the 2016 MacBook Pros were launched with nary a desktop in sight. Pro desktop users represent just a fraction of a fraction of Apple's business, but they're nevertheless vitally important. They do much of the development that attracts people to Apple's platforms and keeps them there, and they're some of the company's biggest evangelists. The April meeting got things started by telling those customers that Apple was at least aware of their complaints and working to fix them. Announcing the iMac Pro in June in front of an audience of many of those users buys Apple some time and earns it at least a couple of positive conversations on the Accidental Tech Podcast; actually releasing it in December satisfies some of the pent-up demand for a pro-level system and bridges the gap between now and whenever the new Mac Pro is announced (and I wouldn't be surprised at all to see a similar gap between the announcement and release there, either). I have questions about how successful and popular the iMac Pro will ultimately be, and I personally am turned off by the prospect of a super-expensive system that I can never upgrade. The iMac Pro also further complicates the pro/consumer product grid that Apple used to simplify the Mac lineup after Steve Jobs returned to the company in the late '90s (a grid which is already hopelessly muddled by iPad Pros and old MacBook Airs and Pros and multitudinous system configuration options). But I do think it's a smart way to address some of the people the 2013 Mac Pro was aimed at—people who want a powerful-yet-compact desktop, expandability and upgradeability be damned—while encouraging others that a new Mac Pro will be worth the wait. Listing image by Andrew Cunningham Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 230 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints CNMN Collection WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Thursday, June 8, 2017 Sivan 14, 5777 4:45 pm IDT About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Start-Up Israel All the news and views from Silicon Wadi Read the Start-Up Daily Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel Inside Startup Nation has grown into Tech Nation, Intel Israel R&D chief says PayPal’s Louise Phelan tells Tel Aviv conference that women should ‘take a spoon of confidence’ with their morning coffee By Shoshanna Solomon June 6, 2017, 6:47 pm Tweet Email Print Share Aharon Aharon, CEO of Israel Innovation Authority speaking at conference in Tel Aviv (Courtesy: Ofer Vaknin) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Israeli startups Aharon Aharon Technovation 2017 Related Stories Satire of NY’s ‘Silicon Alley’ takes on the changing sexual politics of the hi-tech frontier Israel firms urged to align with new EU privacy rules India’s Reliance to channel investors to OurCrowd funds For blind Israelis, every guide dog has its day Fallen tycoon to banks: There’s no money left for you to take Workey raises $8 million, sets eyes on US market Apple puts Siri helper at center of growing home-tech empire Young Ethiopians seek entry to Israeli tech scene Netanyahu meets with head of eBay, discusses local expansion Israel should start defining itself as a technology nation and not a startup nation anymore in light of the fact that it is managing to grow more mature companies over time, a top Intel Corp. official in Israel said at a conference on Tuesday. “We are in a new era,” said Ran Senderovitz, VP, general manager at Intel Israel Development Centers at the Technovation Conference in Tel Aviv on Tuesday. “We must define Israel not as Startup Nation but as Tech Nation. To define Israel as a Startup Nation is like saying we are Peter Pan — we are this kid that never grows up; we are eternally young. The fact that multinational companies invest in Israel is proof that we can not only create technologies but also grow them in the longer term.” Companies like Intel, Google, Apple have been snapping up Israeli firms and setting up research and development centers in Israel to make sure they are on top of new technologies being developed in the so-called Startup Nation — the name comes from a book by Den Senor and Saul Singer — which creates some 1,400 new startups a year. But rather than selling off early, as was once the case, entrepreneurs are holding on to their companies for longer in the hope of getting better valuations at a later stage of development. Irresistable passion, patience needed in entrepreneurs Some 1,400 startups get created every year in Israel and some 800 shut down, said Aharon Aharon, the newly appointed chief executive officer of the Israel Innovation Authority, formerly the Office of the Chief Scientist at Israel’s Ministry of Economy and Industry. “Do entrepreneurs really know what they are getting into?” he asked attendees at the Technovation 2017 Conference. Aharon formerly headed the activities of Apple in Israel. “Irresistible passion” in an idea and not looking for a quick exit is key, he said. Entrepreneurs should believe their product is going to be a game changer; they must also be willing to take on sacrifices. “You can’t take your children three times a week to the playground or train to be iron woman” if you want to succeed with a startup, he warned. In addition, entrepreneurs should have deep knowledge in one of two things: either know the technology well or know the market and who the competitors to this technology will be. Entrepreneurs also need to know when to take a step back and bring in the experts they need to complement their abilities, as well as be ready for the “roller-coaster ride” of successes and failures the company will encounter along the way. “If you have no stomach to absorb the roller-coaster ride don’t start. You must understand what you are getting into.” Patience needed. It took Mobileye years before its exit. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (third from left) meets with Intel Corp. CEO Brian Krzanich (to his left) and Mobileye founders Amnon Shashua and Ziv Aviram , respectively first left and first right; (Courtesy: Haim Zach, GPO) Charisma – and the ability to talk and convince customers and investors — is also a key quality entrepreneurs must have. “Good looks are for Tinder, not for a startup,” he said, referring to the popular online dating app. The ability to take tough decisions and be alone when taking them is also a must, he said. This could mean firing your best friend who no longer suits the needs of the company, or changing direction of the product to fit market needs. And patience. “On average startups need seven years to succeed,” Aharon said. It took Mobileye, the Jerusalem-based developer of advanced vision and driver assistance systems set up in 1999, some 15 years before its IPO in New York and some 18 years before its sale, in March this year, to Intel Corp. for $15.3 billion. Louise Phelan, VP CEMEA at online payments processing firm PayPal, who grew up in Ireland in a family of 17 children, said women especially need to overcome a confidence problem when entering the labor and technology market. When you get up in the morning make sure to “take a spoon of confidence” along with your coffee, she advised. “Believe in yourselves.” Louise Phelan, VP CEMEA, PayPal, speaks at Technovation conference in Tel Aviv (Courtesy Ofer Vaknin) Technology leaders should make sure to constantly learn and develop by seeking feedback; they should also make sure to know when to take decisions, to learn from failures and move on from them. “Just as we celebrate successes, we must also celebrate failures,” she said. “In life, 10 percent is what happens to you and 90% is what you do about it,” she said. And most importantly, make sure you look after your people. “Technology doesn’t change the world,” she said. “People change the world. Look after your people who are critical to your success.” Gil Shwed (Courtesy) The CEO of Check Point Software Technologies, Gil Shwed, spoke about the need to be dedicated to your company. For the first three years after setting up the cybersecurity firm he heads, he “cut off friendships, had no family,” he said. Only after the IPO in June 1996, three years after the company was founded, did he start to rebalance his life with friends and family, he said. He now works “just” eight to nine hours a day. The temptation to sell out early was great, especially when the founders got a $3 million offer from BRM at the very early stages of the company, Shwed said. “But we believed in the company and did not even enter negotiations,” he said. Check Point’s market value on the Nasdaq at close on Monday was almost $19 billion. When running a company, Shwed said, it is important to give your workers a feeling that they are doing something important and making a difference. And he channels any unrest he may feel after so many years at the head of his firm into the company itself. “My drive is to do better,” he said. “I push to get better results.” Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Israeli startups,  Aharon Aharon,  Technovation 2017,  Gil Shwed,  PayPal,  Louise Phelan More in Israel Inside Plans advanced for new settlement for Amona evacuees Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments Start-Up Israel Current top stories Israel firms urged to align with new EU privacy rules By Shoshanna Solomon   India’s Reliance to channel investors to OurCrowd funds By Shoshanna Solomon   Startup Nation has grown into Tech Nation, Intel Israel R&D chief says By Shoshanna Solomon   Workey raises $8 million, sets eyes on US market By Shoshanna Solomon   With $1b Africa deal, Israel’s solar power exports eclipse local usage By Melanie Lidman   Start-Up Israel Blogs June 8, 2017, 8:52 am Art that enables the mundane to rise up and touch the Divine To conclude my five part Times of Israel series on art, Zionism and identity in the networked...... Mel Alexenberg June 5, 2017, 7:54 pm Everything is Stupid Only if You Allow It Everything is stupid. The kids are not ok. The Jewish community in America is on the decline. “The children...... Elise Ronan May 30, 2017, 5:35 pm 6 Israeli Startups Rocking the US Market Nicknamed the Startup Nation and Silicon Wadi, Israel--though roughly the size of New Jersey--is a major player...... Yoav Vilner May 28, 2017, 3:10 pm The Six Day War and its Aftermath 120 years ago, the First Zionist Conference under the leadership of Theodor Herzl was held in Basel,...... Steve Kramer May 28, 2017, 12:36 pm The Stealth Job Search: How to look for a job when you have a job It's definitely time to leave my job and move on, and everyone tells me that I should...... Gila Weinberg May 28, 2017, 10:16 am The strongest shoulders should determine Israel’s media and aliyah policy Although many thousands of Jews work relentlessy to improve Israel's image, our homeland remains the most unpopular...... Asaf Shimoni See all Start-Up Israel blogs Start a blog The Times of Israel Start-Up Israel Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Currency Rates   ILS USD EUR GBP CAD 1 ILS = 1.000 0.283 0.252 0.218 0.382 1 USD = 3.539 1.000 0.890 0.773 1.351 1 EUR = 3.975 1.123 1.000 0.868 1.518 1 GBP = 4.579 1.294 1.152 1.000 1.748 1 CAD = 2.619 0.740 0.659 0.572 1.000 Bank of Israel exchange rates for Thursday, Jun 8, 2017 Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens The stock is trapped somewhere between "good speculative trade" and "compelling growth investment" By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  Jun 6, 2017, 10:19 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens Recent Posts: Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Isn’t an On-Demand Video Play, Yet, But Give it Time Why Snap Inc (SNAP), Duluth Holdings Inc (DLTH) and Cenovus Energy Inc (USA) (CVE) Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks 5 Budgeting Tips That Will Help You Survive After Graduation View All Posts There’s no doubt about it — Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is hammering out a compelling turnaround story. A string of new product launches (and yet-to-launch products) has given AMD stock owners more to be excited about than they’ve had in years. Source: Shutterstock In fact, it finally looks as if the company is going to make rivals NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) sweat. On the other hand, AMD shares are about six months ahead of themselves, and priced for about twice the corporate performance that’s plausibly in the near-term cards. While Wall Street mostly loves Advanced Micro, timing could make a world of difference to your bottom line. Reality Check In retrospect, Advanced Micro Devices delivered an impressive move. AMD stock rallied more than 400% between the end of 2015 and March of this year, as years of R&D were finally going to translate into new — and marketable — product lines. Chief among those products was its new Ryzen processor, which not only performs comparably to Intel’s popular Core i7 and now i9 CPUs, but did so at half or less than Intel’s Core prices. Also fanning the flames of investor optimism was Advanced Micro Devices’ Vega graphics processing platform, which is a contender against Nvidia’s Pascal GPU technology. Throw its new server chip, EPYC, into the mix, and what you’ve got is a company with a lot of things going for it. As I’ve learned time and time again in my professional and personal life though, new ventures generally take about twice as long to get going as you expect them to, and cost twice as much to launch. AMD isn’t immune to that reality, as all the recent buyers of AMD stock are starting to figure out. As evidence of this unsurprising headwind, one only has to look at the fact that the price of its Ryzen chips is already falling. The top-of-the-line 1800X did cost $499, but now goes for $450. The impending debut of Intel’s new 18-core X-series processors clearly has something to do with it. While the nearly $2,000 price tag currently sported by the X-series processors is (1) not even in the same realm as Ryzens, and (2) won’t be commercially launched for a while, lower-cost versions are forthcoming. They may be (relatively) worth the price and the wait. It’s also worth noting that for all the planning, testing and programming done to-date with the Ryzen, its OEM partnerships with PC companies won’t start delivering Ryzen-inside equipment until later this month. Even then, there’s a ramp-up period as companies like HP (NYSE:HPQ) and Dell refamiliarize themselves with Advanced Micro Devices, which most OEM makers hadn’t taken too seriously in a while. Its Vega graphics processing technology is on a parallel path. While it hasn’t been ballyhooed for a while (and helped drive AMD stock higher as a result), Vega is not yet for sale. It will be soon, with a projected retail release this month or next. Even so, OEM outfits are still months out from incorporating the platform into the hardware that eventually gets put on retail store shelves or becomes available by ordering on the internet. And there’s no assurance Nvidia won’t do to Advanced Micro Devices on the GPU front what Intel did to AMD on the CPU front. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/buy-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-stock-when-this-signal-flashes/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Plex Live TV: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment Plex Live TV: Everything You Need to Know Dan Price 11 Best Sites for Free Online Computer Programming Courses Programming 11 Best Sites for Free Online Computer Programming Courses Joel Lee Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: This Is What Microsoft Edge Is Good For Windows This Is What Microsoft Edge Is Good For Ben Stegner June 6, 2017 06-06-2017 7 minutes This Is What Microsoft Edge Is Good For Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Advertisement Microsoft Edge is the company’s attempt to make up for the misgivings of Internet Explorer Top Issues People Have with Internet Explorer, and Easy Ways to Fix Them Top Issues People Have with Internet Explorer, and Easy Ways to Fix Them Here are some of the most common problems you may encounter with IE and quick and easy solutions for fixing them. Read More (IE). While the latter browser was boring, slow to receive updates, and lacked extensions, Edge reverses all three of these issues. It’s regularly updated just like Chrome, features a decent extension library, and holds a few slick features not seen in other browsers. But few people actually use Edge. Why? Since it’s not cross-platform or available on mobile 5 Simple Ways to Choose the Best Mobile Browser for You 5 Simple Ways to Choose the Best Mobile Browser for You Choosing a browser for your mobile device, whether Android or iOS -- which one do you choose? If your head spins from the variety of mobile browser options, then ask yourself these five questions. Read More , it’s not a good choice for those who switch between Windows and Mac, or browse on their smartphone often. The huge user base still on Windows 7 can’t access Edge, and some Windows 10 users don’t even know that Edge is different from IE. Let’s take a look at what Microsoft Edge is good for. Even if you don’t use it as your primary browser, you can still get some use out of it. Note that many of these features require you to have the Windows 10 Creators Update installed, which you can download now How to Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Now How to Get the Windows 10 Creators Update Now The Windows 10 Creators Update will roll out in April. Are you eager to try it? Or would you rather avoid it? We'll show you how to get Windows 10 1703 on your own schedule. Read More . Stream Netflix in 4K 4K is the next step What's the Difference Between 4K and Ultra HD? What's the Difference Between 4K and Ultra HD? Thinking of buying a new TV or monitor but feeling lost with all of the terminology like 4K and Ultra HD? Here's everything you need to know about it. Read More in the evolution of screen resolution. TVs and monitors that support 4K are dropping in price, and content providers are uploading more 4K videos. While you can watch 4K Netflix shows on your Xbox One S or PS4 Pro, the only desktop browser that supports 4K video on Netflix is Edge. Chrome, Firefox, and even the Netflix Windows 10 app don’t support 4K yet. Advertisement You must have the Creator’s Update installed, have a new Intel Kaby Lake CPU Intel's Kaby Lake CPU: The Good, the Bad, and the Meh Intel's Kaby Lake CPU: The Good, the Bad, and the Meh Kaby Lake is Intel's next processor. How much does it improve on the Skylake processor? What are the drawbacks and limitations? Here are four things you should know about it. Read More in your computer, and obviously use a 4K monitor to watch Netflix in 4K. In addition, the 4K-ready Netflix plan costs $12 per month instead of the standard $9 per month plan. And since 4K is a high-quality video, you’ll need a speedy internet connection (at least 25 Mbps) to avoid buffering. All these stipulations highlight why 4K isn’t mainstream just yet Why Buying A 4K TV Right Now Is A Waste Of Money Why Buying A 4K TV Right Now Is A Waste Of Money With an obvious price difference between the new generation of 4K TVs, and older Full HD models - do you really need 4K? We think not, and here's why. Read More . But as technology evolves and costs lower, it will become the standard. Annotate Webpages How many times have you shared a snapshot of a webpage with someone? Maybe you captured a funny Facebook comment, needed to send a picture of an issue to a website for support, or just wanted to draw on a page for fun. You could always use a screenshot tool and annotate the picture you grab, but Microsoft Edge can do it natively. Click the pen icon in the upper-right corner on any webpage to start. You’ll see a small toolbar pop up with a few drawing tools, like a pen, highlighter, and comment box. Use them to call out bits of the page, then you can save the file to a OneNote notebook The Only OneNote Guide You'll Ever Need The Only OneNote Guide You'll Ever Need OneNote is a powerful note-taking app. It's cross-platform and well integrated into Microsoft Office. Read this guide to become a OneNote pro! Read More or share it with an installed app. If you want to keep the drawing for your own purposes, you can send the marked-up version of a site to your Favorites or Reading List for later. Earn Rewards With Microsoft Rewards Microsoft wants you to use Bing and Edge. While Bing isn’t terrible, it doesn’t have much of a share compared to Google. To change that, Microsoft introduced Bing Rewards. This awarded you credits for using Bing that you could then spend on gift cards or subscriptions. With the release of Edge, Microsoft expanded the program and renamed it Microsoft Rewards. Once you sign up (U.S. only), you’ll earn points in Microsoft Rewards for searching with Bing every day, completing small challenges, and purchasing items from the Windows Store Desktop vs. Windows Store Apps: Which Should You Download? Desktop vs. Windows Store Apps: Which Should You Download? On Windows 10 and 8.1, you can either download and install a Desktop applications from the web, or you can get an app from the Windows Store. We explore the differences between Desktop and Store... Read More or Xbox Store. The other major way to earn points is actively using Edge. For every hour of normal use, you’ll get five points, up to a total of 150 per month. At the time of writing, a $5 Amazon gift card costs 5,250 points. So while you’re not going to make bank doing this 5 Myths About Making Money Online That You Should Never Believe 5 Myths About Making Money Online That You Should Never Believe It's the ultimate dream: make tons of money from your living room, working according to your own schedule, with no one telling you what to do. Sounds great, doesn't it? Read More , it’s a little reward for going about your normal day with Edge. Listen to Your Ebooks You might already have a preferred platform for ebooks. Kindle and Nook devices Nook vs. Kindle: Which Is Best for You? Nook vs. Kindle: Which Is Best for You? The Kindle is the undisputed king of e-readers and the Nook is perennially relegated to second place. But does that mean the Kindle is indisputably better? Read More are great dedicated readers, while Apple’s iBooks and Google’s Play Books work on any of their respective mobile devices. But if you aren’t in any of those ecosystems, you should take a look at Microsoft Edge’s new ebook store and reading-out-loud (i.e. text-to-speech) features. Open Edge and click the three-line Hub menu (to the left of the annotation pen). On the resulting menu, click the Books icon that shows three books next to each other. You probably won’t have any books yet, so hit the Get books button to open the Store app to the books section. Take a browse for anything that catches your eye, and purchase the book to add it to your library. Or check out the best sites for getting free ebooks. Then, head back to the Books tab of the Hub in Edge. Click a book to open it in your browser, then look for the Read aloud button in the top-right to start narration. You can use the controls in that same corner to pause, skip back or ahead, or adjust the audio options. While it might not be your favorite ebook platform, this makes using a book for research while also working in other tabs easier to manage. Enjoy Better Battery Life on Laptops Microsoft claims that Edge is safer than Chrome or Firefox, which is debatable and only based on its list of unsafe website. However, the other claim that Edge is better for a laptop’s battery life than Chrome or Firefox is certainly true. Microsoft Edge battery life is better than ever in the #Windows10 Creators Update: https://t.co/ZtNtO0NXND pic.twitter.com/fUz06hKOQb — Windows (@Windows) April 15, 2017 Chrome is a big RAM hog Why Is Chrome Using up So Much RAM? (And How to Fix It Right Now) Why Is Chrome Using up So Much RAM? (And How to Fix It Right Now) But why does Chrome use up so much RAM, especially compared to other browsers? And what can you do to keep it in check? Read More , and for the same reason that Mac users should stick to Safari 10 Reasons You Shouldn’t Use Chrome on a MacBook 10 Reasons You Shouldn’t Use Chrome on a MacBook Chrome is, for many people, the first thing installed on a new Macbook. It makes sense: in its early days Chrome gained a reputation for being lightweight and fast. Read More for the best battery life, Windows 10 users who need to make a charge last longer should use Edge. Of course, you should also check other important factors to make sure you’re optimizing your computer for the best battery life How to Optimize Windows 10 for Battery Life How to Optimize Windows 10 for Battery Life Battery life is a pretty important factor for mobile devices. While Windows 10 does offer new features to manage power settings, the defaults are not necessarily contributing to optimal battery life. Time to change that. Read More . But if you know you won’t be near an outlet for an extended time, working in Edge is a smart idea. Set Aside Tabs Tabs are a blessing, but they can quickly become a mess, too. Sometimes you have two dozen tabs open and get overwhelmed by them all, or want to stow some tabs later so you can open a fresh session. Edge has a feature to handle this; it’s called Set Aside. #EdgeTip: Now it's easier than ever to organize your web. See how to preview, pin, and set aside tabs: https://t.co/810ba9IhxC pic.twitter.com/AoWiLk1Gtj — Microsoft Edge (@MicrosoftEdge) May 16, 2017 Just click the Set Aside icon (it looks like a window with an arrow, next to your leftmost tab) to set all open tabs aside and get a fresh Edge window. When you’re ready to revisit them, click the Set Aside Tabs icon to the far left and you can see everything you’ve set aside previously. Click Restore tabs to bring up that session again, or the X to remove them. This lets you resume your train of thought without having to bookmark tabs or open a new browser window. It’s pretty handy for multitaskers. Take Advantage of Cortana Integration Cortana’s been a part of Windows 10 since the start, but she’s recently made her way into Edge, too. This integration makes it easy for Cortana to bring you relevant information when you visit certain websites. For instance, if you open Pizza Hut’s website, Cortana appears in your address bar. Clicking her icon shows a side menu with the nearest Pizza Hut locations to you. On some shopping websites, Cortana might find coupons to save you money 10 Money-Saving Browser Extensions That You Should Install Now 10 Money-Saving Browser Extensions That You Should Install Now There are plenty of browser extensions that will compare prices, find coupons, and save you money. Install these 10 extensions now and watch the savings roll in! Read More . When you start watching a music video on YouTube, Cortana can show you the lyrics. And anytime you don’t know what a word means, you can highlight it, then right-click and choose Ask Cortana. This shows you definitions and more info about your search in the right sidebar without ever leaving the page. Download Another Browser at Lightning Speed Not interested in any of the above features? You’ll love one of Edge’s biggest accomplishments: it’s been found as the fastest browser for downloading another browser. Whether you want to use Chrome, Firefox, or even give Opera a try, no browser gets it done faster than Edge. In fact, stringent technological tests have rated Edge as the absolute finest built-in Windows 10 browser for downloading another browser. You’ll be up and running in Chrome up to 50 percent faster by downloading it with Edge instead of Internet Explorer*. I thought Microsoft Edge was an improvement of Internet Explorer. It's still the best browser for downloading another browser. — IG?abumburu (@abumburu) April 23, 2016 *We didn’t actually do tests on this, but we have compared the major browsers Which Browser Is Best? Edge vs. Chrome vs. Opera vs. Firefox Which Browser Is Best? Edge vs. Chrome vs. Opera vs. Firefox The browser you're using right now may not be the best one for you. The browser arena changes so frequently that your conclusions from comparisons made last year may be completely wrong this year. Read More if you’re interested. Do You Use Microsoft Edge? While it’s not the most impressive browser available, Edge is several steps above the many issues that plagued internet Explorer. Whether you use Edge as a backup browser, to earn some extra money using Microsoft Rewards, for its few unique features, or to save battery on your laptop, we think it’s worth using sometimes even if you don’t set it as your default 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Switch to Microsoft Edge Yet 5 Reasons Why You Shouldn't Switch to Microsoft Edge Yet Is Microsoft Edge worth using while Chrome, Firefox, and Opera are still around? Is Edge good enough to be your primary browser? Read More . Perhaps someday Edge will rise above the competition and become the new must-use browser. It’s not likely, but who knows? If you choose to use Microsoft Edge more often, make sure to upgrade it with the best extensions 10 Best Microsoft Edge Browser Extensions You Should Try Today 10 Best Microsoft Edge Browser Extensions You Should Try Today The latest Windows 10 Upgrade finally brings browser extensions to Microsoft Edge. We have examined the handful of extensions available and show you which ones are worth your time. Read More . What do you use Microsoft Edge for? Are you impressed with any of its features, or was your use limited to downloading another browser with it? Share your take on Edge in the comments! Image Credits: Rawpixel.com/Shutterstock Previous PostHow to Run Google Chrome OS From a USB DriveNext PostAuto-Disable the Touchpad When Connecting a Mouse in Windows 10 4 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * John Merc June 8, 2017 at 9:54 am First thing came to my mind after reading title was "To Download Other Browsers.." And I was surprised to see it here. Reply Phil N June 8, 2017 at 9:31 am Edge is really fast, I use it on sights that don't run well on other browsers. Especially YouTube that sometimes has hiccups playing videos and the analytics page loads like 3X as fast in Edge. Reply Doc June 7, 2017 at 4:59 pm "Microsoft Edge is way better than Internet Explorer." That's like saying diphtheria is better than malaria. I've used Firefox since version 0.9 (recently switched to Cyberfox, then Waterfox when Cyberfox's developer called it quits), and nothing compares to Firefix with full-blow (not "web"/Chrome) extensions. Even with Edge's claims of "better battery life," extensions like Adblock Plus and NoScript make it safer, more powerful, and download less ad crap than any other browser. Reply Earl June 7, 2017 at 5:28 am I use a variety of browsers, all for different jobs. Chrome for accessing google fleet of sites; Mozilla for downloads; Opera for surfing with no specific idea what I am looking for, and Edge for my research/youtube/streaming. Why? I find that each does one little thing differently or better than the other, and spreading them over specific browsers helps to delineate what I am actually doing online at a particular time. I have to admit that I have been guilty of using edge to download the other browers - so thats quite a chuckle right there. But hey, that's me? Anyone else do the same thing? Reply Ben Stegner 694 articles Ben is MakeUseOf's Gaming section editor and Creative Director. He holds a B.S. in Computer Information Systems from Grove City College, where he graduated Cum Laude and with Honors in his major. He's currently focusing on ramping up MUO's Gaming content to appeal to gamers both casual and hardcore. Advertisement Latest Giveaways The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway The Best Android Tablet Yet? Samsung Galaxy Tab S3 Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway GoPro Karma Drone Review and Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Samsung Gear 360 (2017) Review & Giveaway Advertisement Trending Plex Live TV: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment Plex Live TV: Everything You Need to Know 11 Best Sites for Free Online Computer Programming Courses Programming 11 Best Sites for Free Online Computer Programming Courses Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Internet Better Than Google Maps: 6 Awesome Alternatives for Maps Advertisement Related Articles The 6 Best PDF Readers for Windows Windows Productivity The 6 Best PDF Readers for Windows How to Reinstall Windows 10 Without Losing Your Data Windows How to Reinstall Windows 10 Without Losing Your Data Dark Mode vs. Night Light: Which Should You Use in Windows 10? Windows Dark Mode vs. Night Light: Which Should You Use in Windows 10? Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
    Logged In! To log in, enter your info below. Close Email Password Log In Need a new password? Need to create an account? Close Thanks for submitting a comment! Please check your email for a link that, when clicked, will verify that you're a real person and cause your comment to appear immediately. Close Post a Comment In reply to “ ” Your comment Remaining characters: 0 Your name Your email   Our terms: We reserve the right to edit or delete any comment, so please post thoughtfully. We use your email address only to send you a one-time verification message confirming that you posted this comment. We also store your address to allow you to verify using other Web browsers in the future. For more info, see our privacy policy. Close     Get TidBITS via... Email  RSS  Podcast  Twitter  Facebook  iOS App  My Account  Log In Create Account Subscriptions Account Info Logout About Accounts Member Benefits Sections  Apple Watch Business Apps Entertainment External Links Home Macs Inside TidBITS iPhone iPad iPod Just for Fun Macs & Mac OS X Media Creation Networking Opinion Problem Solving Safe Computing Tech News Watchlist Weekly Issues  Issue #   #1371, 05 Jun 17 #1370, 22 May 17 #1369, 15 May 17 #1368, 08 May 17 #1367, 01 May 17 #1366, 24 Apr 17 #1365, 17 Apr 17 #1364, 10 Apr 17 #1363, 03 Apr 17 Back Issues About TidBITS  About Us Advertise Contact Copyright Privacy   TidBITS Members Smile ScanSnap   Thoughtful, detailed coverage of the Mac, iPhone, and iPad, plus the TidBITS Content Network for Apple consultants.     Pick an apple!  Become a TidBITS member!     TidBITS Watchlist Swift Publisher 5.0 Evernote 6.11.1 Quicken 2017 for Mac 4.5.6 Fantastical 2.3.8 DEVONagent 3.9.7 DEVONthink/DEVONnote 2.9.12 Caboodle 2.0.3 iMovie 10.1.6 BBEdit 11.6.6 HoudahGeo 5.1.9     Related Articles Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency (04 Apr 17) Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between (03 Nov 16)     x Welcome to TidBITS! We make our articles available via RSS, and in a weekly curated email newsletter. You can also support our work by becoming a member, and receive several benefits.   Close To help us avoid automated posts and misuse of our site, please enter the words below. Close Gerberding Thanks for your interest in forwarding this article via email! Please fill in your email address and that of the recipient below. You can also include a short message. Close Send to* Your email* Your name* Your message * indicates required fields To help us avoid automated attempts to spam recipients, please enter the words below. Macs & Mac OS X | 06 Jun 2017 | Print  | Comment (11) Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro by Adam C. Engst At WWDC 2017 today, Apple devoted a non-trivial segment of the keynote to new Mac hardware, showing off improved iMacs and performance-enhanced MacBook Pros and mentioning a speed bump to the MacBook Air in passing. After running through all the changes to today’s models, Apple gave a sneak preview of the iMac Pro, a workstation-class version of the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display that’s scheduled to ship at the end of the year. No mention was made of the Mac mini or Mac Pro, though Apple has already said that the Mac Pro is in the middle of a major redesign that won’t be done until 2018 at the earliest (see “Maca Culpa: Apple Admits Mac Pro Missteps and Promises More Transparency,” 4 April 2017). iMac -- The workhorse of Apple’s desktop line has long been the iMac, which Apple continues to offer in three basic models: a 21.5-inch non-Retina version, a 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina display, and the 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display. On the CPU front, each model receives a speed bump thanks to Apple using Intel’s 7th generation “Kaby Lake” processors and increasing clock speeds. You can see the specifics on Apple’s Tech Specs page, but the summary is that Apple is focusing more effort on the 21.5 Retina iMac, offering just a single configuration of the non-Retina model. Benchmarks will show how much faster the combination of new CPUs and higher clock speeds will be, but I suspect purchases will mostly be based on price. Although the iMac Retina displays are already gorgeous, Apple claims to have improved them even more in both the 21.5-inch and 27-inch sizes, increasing brightness 43 percent to 500 nits and supporting display of up to 1 billion colors. The non-Retina iMac model drives its screen with the integrated Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, but all the Retina models now take advantage of Radeon Pro GPUs, the 555 and 560 for the 21.5-inch models and the 570, 575, and 580 models for the 27-inch models. The notable win here is for the 21.5-inch Retina models, which were previously limited to integrated Intel Iris Pro Graphics 6200. Apple has made the Fusion Drive standard in more configurations, and the company claims that the SSDs available in 256 GB, 512 GB, and 1 TB capacities are up to 50 percent faster. You can also configure the top-of-the-line 27-inch iMac with a 2 TB SSD for a whopping $1400. When it comes to RAM, all base models still ship with 8 GB. The non-Retina iMac and low-end 21.5 Retina model remain limited to 16 GB, but the high-end 21.5-inch Retina model can now take 16 GB or 32 GB, a welcome improvement. Similarly, the low-end 27-inch model still maxes out at 32 GB, but the two higher-end models can take 16 GB, 32 GB, or 64 GB. RAM in the 21.5-inch iMac models cannot be upgraded by the user, but you can install memory in the 27-inch model yourself. Unsurprisingly, Apple replaced the previous models’ Thunderbolt 2 ports with a pair of Thunderbolt 3 ports that support DisplayPort for external screens, Thunderbolt at up to 40 Gbps, USB 3.1 Gen 2 at up to 10 Gbps, and various other protocols via adapters (see “Explaining Thunderbolt 3, USB-C, and Everything In Between,” 3 November 2016). All these changes are welcome for anyone in the market for a new iMac. I doubt they’re significant enough to warrant trading in an existing Retina iMac, unless Thunderbolt 3 is a necessity. The most interesting changes are actually in the 21.5-inch models, which move past the RAM and graphics limitations of the previous configuration while introducing a cheaper config. The 21.5-inch non-Retina iMac remains priced at $1099, with the two Retina configurations starting at $1299 and $1499. The 27-inch model comes in three configurations: $1799, $1999, and $2299. They’re all available now. Perhaps I’m just boggled by the number of changes Apple announced in the WWDC keynote, but I couldn’t see how to give more context for the changes in relation to previous configurations because the matrix of what models get which build-to-order options was just too complicated. If you want to price out different possibilities, I recommend opening several browser windows so you can compare the configurations side by side. MacBook, MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air -- As with the iMac, Apple updated the processors in the MacBook and MacBook Pro with new Kaby Lake processors running at higher clock speeds. That should improve performance, although likely not by that much. The MacBook Pro models also get improved graphics processing, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro models using Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and 650, and the 15-inch models switching to Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs on top of Intel HD Graphics 630 and 640. You can now buy a MacBook with 16 GB of RAM, up from the previous limit of 8 GB, and Apple claims that the MacBook’s onboard SSD is up to 50 percent faster. That might make the MacBook a more attractive option, given that lackluster performance was one of its main disadvantages. Despite rumors to the contrary, the MacBook Air lives, but it sees the least change, replacing its stock 1.6 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor with a 1.8 GHz model. It remains upgradeable to an Intel Core i7 running at 2.2 GHz. Although these changes are all positive, they do nothing to simplify the difficulty of choosing between the three models. Each falls into the three-dimensional graph of price, performance, and size in a different spot. You’ll have to decide what’s most important to you — cost, speed, or portability — and figure out which of Apple’s notebooks best fits your needs. As with the new iMac models, these updated notebooks are all available now. iMac Pro -- During the private media meeting in which Apple executives confessed to the company’s sins with regard to the Mac Pro, mention was made of pro-related announcements about the iMac coming this year. Apple has now revealed more of what that means, pulling back the curtains on the iMac Pro. Due in December 2017, the iMac Pro retains the same form factor of the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display, but swaps the brushed aluminum look for a space gray finish that extends to the Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad, Magic Mouse 2, and an optional Magic Trackpad 2. The goal of the iMac Pro is to provide workstation-class performance within the iMac design. The hardest part of that is dealing with heat, because the iMac Pro will feature Intel Xeon processors in 8-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Also playing into the necessary thermal architecture redesign is Apple’s use of a new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, which reportedly features a next-generation compute core and up to 16 GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2). Apple says that the iMac Pro with Vega GPU delivers up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate VR. For half-precision computation that’s reportedly ideal for machine learning, the iMac Pro can deliver up to 22 teraflops of performance. (No, we don’t really have a sense of what that means, either, but Apple PR did a good job of making it sound impressive.) The iMac Pro will come with 32 GB of RAM by default, but for a machine in this class, the fact that it’s configurable to 64 GB or 128 GB is more important. A 1 TB SSD is also standard, with 2 TB and 4 TB SSDs as options. Unsurprisingly, the iMac Pro sports four Thunderbolt 3 ports, which enables it to drive up to two 5K displays and two high-performance RAID arrays at the same time. Other connectivity options mimic what’s on the 27-inch iMac with 5K Retina display now, with the exception of Ethernet. Instead of gigabit Ethernet, the iMac Pro will include 10 Gb Ethernet, which could be a big deal when transferring huge amounts of data between machines. How much will all this cost? A lot, with the base iMac Pro configuration starting at $4999. Apple claimed that a comparable workstation would cost about $7000, without a 5K display. Even still, given the high price of large SSDs and RAM, we anticipate that a loaded iMac Pro will easily meet or exceed that $7000 mark. But that won’t stop the audience for the iMac Pro. If you need the maximum performance from a Mac, the iMac Pro will provide it. At least until a new Mac Pro makes its debut, and many of those who live and die by the teraflop won’t want to wait.   READERS LIKE YOU! Support TidBITS by becoming a member today! Check out the perks at <http://tidbits.com/member_benefits.html> Special thanks to Kevin Lawrence, Lucas Trask, Joaquin Miller, and Takafumi Mizuno for their generous support!   Comments about Apple Beefs Up iMac and MacBook Lines, Teases the iMac Pro To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Receive comments via RSS Add a comment Michael E. Cohen   2017-06-06 10:48 And if anyone out there thinks the iMac Pro means that a Mac Pro ISN'T also coming, Apple's press release on the iMac Pro puts that misconception to rest: "In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display." Reply Mackay Bell  2017-06-07 20:38 It seems that part of the reason they revealed that they were working on an expandable Mac Pro (and apologizing for the trash can version) is they wanted people to get excited about the iMac Pro, and not suck up all the air complaining about the lack of an expandable system. By getting that story out before the release, they could get a little more excitement going for the coming of the iMac Pro. Reply Alan Forkosh   2017-06-06 11:09 It's noteworthy that Apple didn't mention anything about the Touch Bar. As it stands now, Touch Bar is an orphan, present on only on the MacBook Pro line. It strikes me as something that can't really be considered a standard until there is a desktop version of it also--either a new keyboard or a standalone item to be paired with a keyboard. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-06 12:00 In fact, it turns out that Apple did release a new wireless Magic Keyboard with Numeric Keypad. But not with a Touch Bar. Boo! http://techcrunch.com/2017/06/05/apple-has-a-new-wireless-magic-keyboard-with-a-full-numeric-keypad/amp/ Reply Paul Ellis  2017-06-06 13:53 The Touch Bar is a gimmick. It breaks all the rules of ergonomics and focus. It might possibly make some sense when positioned close the the screen, and therefore point of focus, on a laptop, but makes little sense for a desktop. If I were a developer, which thankfully I'm not, I wouldn't be wasting any time developing for it, and certainly not if I'd previously been stung by OpenDoc, QuickTime VR, etc. etc. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:57 I like what Apple is doing with the iMac and I'll give them the benefit of the doubt when it comes to assuming they'll make things right with the new Mac Pro once it finally arrives. The MBP seems fine. I still don't see what TouchBar is supposed to accomplish - I also think it's mainly a gimmick with poor ergonomics. Apple didn't spend any time on it at this WWDC. Does anybody think it might disappear during the next overhaul? I don't really get why Apple is keeping the MBA around instead of just trying to make an inexpensive entry-level MB instead. Since there is no inexpensive entry-level MB, I assume that means the MB is targeting the middle/high-end of the compact/light market. So with that in mind, why in the world did they not replace that USB-C with TB3? If this were a budget Mac at $999 targeted at schools and students, fine. But since this is a midrange Mac we're talking about, why leave it stuck with USB-C? Nothing TB3 offers can't be done with USB-C, but TB3 is just more versatile and it is no doubt the new standard across Macs - well almost, sigh. Reply Simon  2017-06-06 14:59 (cont.) My only real gripe on the Mac side is the Mac mini. How can Apple just let it sit there to die? Either kill it off already (so people know they'll have to go Hackintosh) or update it. But just leaving it sit there without a clear plan makes we wonder what message Apple is trying to send. It reminds me of the Mac Pro situation before pressure from pros and tech journalists forced Apple to take a stand. I see a lot of potential for the Mac mini, from cheap servers to simple office computers, offering a low-price entry point to the Mac universe, schools, home media servers, etc. I'm afraid all of that is "too techy" and not sexy enough for the new Apple. I really hope I'm wrong. I'm holding onto my trusty Core i5 Mac mini, but with its 4 GB of RAM (could be upgraded) and 500 GB HDD (could also be upgraded, but is that worth it?) its days are numbered even as my home media server. Reply Bertrand Morin  2017-06-06 19:27 Is the memory (RAM) upgradable in the iMac 27in. by the user, as it wad older iMac… Reply James  2017-06-08 07:58 Did you read the product page for the 27" iMac? If not, go back and read it again. Reply Scott M.   2017-06-07 01:08 Is there any indication yet if the new iMac models (both 21.5" and 27") have user upgradable RAM? There is some wording on the Apple page that you can upgrade the 21.5" RAM after purchase through Apple or an authorized dealer, but it not 100% clear. And the page for the 27" is completely silent. Reply Adam Engst   2017-06-07 09:59 The 21.5-inch models are NOT user-upgradeable, but the 27-inch model is. See http://support.apple.com/en-us/HT201191 Reply To leave a comment, click Add a Comment and then enter the text, your name, and your email address (which won't be displayed). Your comment will appear after you follow a link in the one-time confirmation message we send to verify that you're a real person. As part of the announcement-heavy WWDC keynote, Apple has revved the iMac line with Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPUs, higher performance graphics, brighter screens, and faster SSDs. The MacBook and MacBook Pro also get new CPUs, the MacBook becomes more expandable, and the MacBook Air receives a small speed bump. The most unexpected news, however, was the announcement of the iMac Pro, due in December 2017. Add a comment  Search   Cached. Unless otherwise noted, this article is copyright © 2017 Adam C. Engst TidBITS is copyright © 2017 TidBITS Publishing Inc. Reuse governed by Creative Commons License. About TidBITS | Advertise with TidBITS! | Contact Info | Copyright Terms | Privacy Policy  
Skip to main content area Toggle menus Toggle search Subscribe Give us 30 seconds and we'll give you 6 issues free Search Search Main menu News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers Sections Secondary menu General Election 2017 Article 50 Brexit Islamic State Jeremy Corbyn Theresa May Oil price WWDC WWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more Jun 6, 2017 Latest versions of iOS and MacOS announced, along with an all-new smart speaker whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin email Image 1 of 6 Credits  Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Page 1 of 2WWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more 1WWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more 2WWDC 2017: What to expect from Apple's keynote Apple surprised fans at its annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) last night by announcing a host of new products and hardware upgrades. See related  E3 2017: Red Dead Redemption 2, F1 2017 and more Apple set to develop 'Neural Engine' for AI devices iPhone 8: Everything you need to know about Apple's phone While WWDC traditionally focuses on the company's upcoming software releases, this year's keynote saw several hardware announcements, including an Amazon Echo-rivalling smart speaker.  The tech giant has ramped up the performance of its MacBook Pro range by introducing Intel's Kaby Lake processors, while an upgraded version of the iPad Pro now has a larger and higher quality display.  There's also news on major software upgrades for the MacOS and iOS operating systems, both of which are expected to arrive on computers and mobile devices this autumn. Here are the highlights of this year's WWDC: MacOS High Sierra and iOS 11 announced Apple conventionally announces its latest software updates at WWDC and this year is no exception.  The company kicked off its software announcements by unveiling a new version of its MacOS computer operating system that's called High Sierra.  High Sierra "comes with updates to Safari that help block site trackers and autoplaying videos" and "new photo-editing tools like curves", reports The Verge. The update will also support virtual reality headsets (VR) and native file encryption for better security.  iPhone users can expect an automatic "Do Not Disturb" function when driving with the iOS 11 software update, adds the website, which aims to prevent people from using their phone when they're behind the wheel. Apple has also updated the App store with a new feature called "App of the Day" that helps users discover new software on a daily basis. Both MacOS High Sierra and iOS 11 are expected to launch this autumn.  iMac Pro  Fans were surprised when Apple unveiled its iMac Pro at WWDC, given that 9to5Mac had said that it was "unlikely" that an update to the tech giant's desktop range would appear at the conference. The iMac Pro (not to be confused with the cylinder-shaped Mac Pro) is a powerful all-in-one desktop computer designed to "address the concerns of video editors looking to work with 4K or 8K video that need workstation-level power", The Guardian reports. It's fitted with a 27ins 5K resolution display, the newspaper says, which is "capable of pushing up to 44m pixels across three screens." The iMac Pro will be powered by an eight-core Intel Xenon processor and can be specced with "up to 16GB" of graphics RAM.  The high-performance desktop launches in the US this December for $4,999 (£3,875).   MacBook Pro updated with Kaby Lake chips Apple has fitted its range of MacBook Pro laptops with Intel's Sky Lake processors, which DigitalTrends says "will mean better performance, improved power efficiency and higher turbo boost clock speeds." The upgraded MacBook Pros will not be available with Apple's new MacOS High Sierra software when they're released, says the site, but High Sierra will be offered as a free update when it launches this autumn. iPad Pro gets a larger display The firm's range-topping iPad Pro tablets have also undergone a hefty upgrade, with the smaller model now boasting a larger display. Wired reports that Apple has managed to increase the smaller iPad Pro's 9.7ins display to a 10.5ins screen, while retaining "almost exactly the same physical dimensions" as the outgoing model.  The larger screen is "a little brighter" and runs at a "faster refresh rate", which the site says should make physical inputs, such as scrolling, "even better". The new iPad will also make inputs from the Pencil accessory more responsive.  Buyers will be given 64GB of stage as standard – double that of the outgoing model.  Amazon Echo-rivalling HomePod debuts The last product announced at WWDC is Apple's Amazon Echo-rivalling HomePod smart speaker, which is due to launch in the US at the end of the year.   The HomePod is driven by the company's Siri voice command system, where users can play music by saying "Hey Siri" followed by a request such as: "Play Muse".  It's "packed with an Apple-designed upward-facing woofer for deep bass", says the Financial Times. The HomePod also has seven tweeters and "room-sensing technology that adapts its sound to wherever it might be placed".  There's no word on UK pricing, or when the Apple HomePod will be released, but ArsTechnica says the product could cost "somewhere between £330 and £370" – making it more than double the price of its Amazon Echo Rival.  Click here to read more about the Apple HomePod.  Page 1 of 2WWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more 1WWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more 2WWDC 2017: What to expect from Apple's keynote Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Read more: Technology Apple Smartphones Laptops iPhone You are here: Home WWDC WWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more Related Articles Tesla Model 3Tesla Model 3: Specs, prices and release WWDC 2017Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs Pro 9.7: What's the difference? Electric carsFaraday Future FF91 to race at Pikes Peak E3E3 2017: Red Dead Redemption 2, F1 2017 and more Electric carsBest electric cars 2017: Nissan, Tesla Model X and more WWDCWWDC 2017: Apple unveils new MacBooks, iPad Pro and more technologyApple unveils HomePod speaker to rival Amazon Echo Electric carsRenault announces electric car battery recycling scheme TRY A FREE ISSUE of The Week Magazine Try Portfolio The experts' guide to good living The home of hip: A guide to Portland, Oregon Love Supreme Festival: The jazz lover's choice Aston Martin Valkyrie: The fastest car on earth Read more Popular General election 2017: Five reasons why the Tories will (probably) win UK News Gold price could rise to $1,300 on global political uncertainty Economy New Yorkers get creative after 'dogs in bags' subway rule World News Election 2017: How many seats do Labour, the Tories and the Lib Dems need to win? UK News Tesla Model 3: Specs, prices and release Motoring Trending Topics Islamic State Gold price EU Referendum Jeremy Clarkson Jeremy Corbyn Oil price Daily Briefing Ten things you need to know today In partnership with Rolex General election 2017: Voters go to polls James Comey says Trump 'asked me to let go Flynn inquiry' Iran foreign minister attacks 'repugnant' Trump comment Read more Our Latest Offers, Competitions and Events SAVE up to £56 on our latest selection from Liberty Wine SAVE 30% on tickets to the House & Garden Festival Save 20% on Curious Arts Festival tickets FIND OUT MORE Back to top Facebook Twitter News Business Technology Cars Money Portfolio People Sport Subscriptions Offers The Week US The WeekDay Privacy RSS Sitemap Contact us Authors About us © Copyright The Week Ltd which is a subsidiary of Dennis Publishing Limited. The Week incorporates The First Post. The Week™ and The First Post™ are trademarks of Felix Dennis. Felix Dennis Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra David Pogue Yahoo Finance June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Let’s be honest: The biggest Mac news from Apple’s developer conference Monday wasn’t about software features—it was about new hardware. All Apple (AAPL) laptops and iMacs will gain Intel’s latest, fastest processor, known as Kaby Lake. The new iMacs will get huge bumps up in available storage, memory, and graphics power. And in December, Apple will see just how much it can pack into an iMac by releasing the iMac Pro: the most powerful Mac ever made. Dark gray metal, 5K screen, an Intel Xeon chip with up to 18 cores, 128 GB RAM, 4 terabytes of solid-state storage, and a 10 GB Ethernet jack. $5,000 and up. A truly monster machine—and yet it’s not the long-awaited update to the Mac Pro; that’s coming, too, Apple says. But there was a software unveiling, too—of the next free Mac OS version, coming this fall. It will be called Mac OS High Sierra, and the name suggests exactly what it is: a set of refinements to the current Mac OS, called Sierra. What you’ll soon discover is that (a) it’s a whole lot of miscellaneous, and (b) it’s a lot of stuff that’s also coming to iOS 11 on the iPhone this fall. Still, there’s a lot of useful stuff. Here’s what you can look forward to. Safari Apple has continued to work on Safari, its web browser—and says that the new version will be the fastest desktop web browser in the world. It will also use less power. Apple claims that you’ll be able to watch Netflix (NFLX) for two hours longer in Safari than other browsers. Maybe even more thrilling to the world’s internet surfers (and less thrilling to advertisers), Safari will be able to auto-block auto-play videos. Now, no video will begin playing unless you click it. (You can grant certain sites permission to autoplay every time, if you like.) That’s not the only way Safari will frustrate advertisers. Apple says that “Safari now uses machine learning to identify advertisers and others who track your online behavior, and removes the cross‑site tracking data they leave behind.” This is cool, too: You can create different viewing settings for different sites. You might like the New York Times site to appear with larger text, ad blocking turned on for Dilbert.com, and so on. (Page zoom, location services, notifications, and ad blockers are among the settings memorized for each site.) And if you like the Reader view—which hides all ads, navigation stuff, blinking stuff, competing colors and fonts—you can now tell Safari to use it for everything. Every time you open an article that works with Reader, it pops into that format automatically. You end up with far fewer migraines from just trying to surf the web. Apple File System The file system is the underlying software that organizes all your documents, photos, mail, and so on. The one driving the Mac is now 33 years old. So the big-ticket item underneath Mac OS High Sierra is the Apple File System, developed for the new era of solid-state drives and increased security threats. All of this is probably very satisfying to programmers. But you, the average person, will probably notice only a couple of changes: First, when you duplicate a file or folder, it happens instantly. There’s no progress bar, no wait. Second, getting the size of a folder is also instantaneous. Photos The Photos app has received a lot of work. Now, the left side has an ever-present sidebar, showing your photo groups. A new Imports view shows not just the latest batch of imported photos, but the batch before that, and the batch before that, and so on. You can now filter your view by Favorites, photos you’ve edited, only movies, only stills, and so on. The Faces feature, which knows who’s in each photo, has been improved, and the face-categorizing you’ve done on the Mac gets auto-synced to your phone. New editing tools bring Photos ever closer to Photoshop. You can now manipulate the Curves of a photo’s histogram, or edit only the reds (for example) in a photo. And, inevitably, there are now Instagram-style filters. Editing in the Photos app is getting more sophisticated.More Read More Better yet, you can now send a photo to Photoshop (or any other external program) for editing, just as you could in iPhoto. Better yet yet, the changes you make in that app are non-destructive—you can undo them at any time. In other words, you can use Photos for its superior organizational and sharing tools, but Photoshop for editing. Round-trip editing is back!More The Photos feature called Memories (automatically grouped and curated slideshows with music) are much smarter now. Instead of grouping photos only by event or location, they now auto-recognize and auto-build slideshows of your pets, babies, outdoor activities, performances, weddings, birthdays, and sports games. Finally, Apple introduces some editing options to Live Photos: weird, three-second video clips that the iPhone can capture. In iOS 11, you can now shorten a Live Photo, mute its audio, or extract a single frame to use as a still photo. Photos can also suggest a “boomerang” segment (bounces back and forth) or a loop (repeats over and over). And it has a new Slow Shutter filter, which (for example) blurs a babbling brook or stars moving across the sky, as though taken with a long exposure. Notes The Notes app continues to develop: Pin your best Notes. In the Notes app, you can now pin your most used notes (to do lists, grocery lists, etc.) to the top of the list, so they don’t get sorted down chronologically as they do now. Tables. Yes! You can now add a table to a Note. Great for bake-sale assignments, sports scores, and so on. Notes picks up pins and tables.More Misc Smaller multimedia. Apple is adopting new file formats for photos (HEVC) and videos (H265), which look the same as they did before but consume only the half the space. (When you export to someone else, they convert to standard formats.) Mail enhancements. When you search in Mail, a Top Hits section presents the messages Mail thinks are the best matches (based on Read status, senders you’ve replied to, your VIPs, and so on). Mail also offers a split-screen view when composing new messages in full-screen mode. And it stores your messages in 35% less disk space. More space is always welcome. A new voice for Siri. The new male and female voices sound much more like actual people. iCloud file sharing. Finally, you can share files you’ve stored on your iCloud Drive with other people, just as you’ve been able to do with Dropbox for years. Capture a FaceTime moment as a Live Photo. You can snap a 3-second snippet of a video chat—a Live Photo—for later sharing. (You can’t do so secretly, however; the other person knows.) Messages in iCloud. When you sign into any new Mac, iPhone, or iPad with your iCloud credentials, your entire texting history gets downloaded automatically. (As it is now, on a new machine, you can’t see your chat histories.) Saving the Messages history online also saves disk space on your Mac. Family storage sharing. You can now share an iCloud storage plan with family members. More Spotlight wisdom. The Spotlight search feature can now provide flight arrival and departure times, terminals, gates, delays, and flight maps. It can also return multiple Wikipedia results on a single screen. Developer goodies. Apple now offers development kits for virtual reality and augmented reality, hoping to jump-start new apps in an area where Apple is now way behind. There’s a new version of Metal, too, the Mac software that addresses your graphics card. Hi, High Sierra! This is one of those off years, where Apple takes a breather (and gives us a breather). Instead of piling on new stuff to find and learn, it cleans up what it’s already got. There’s nothing wrong with that. In fact, the world probably wouldn’t mind if more companies adopted that schedule. More from David Pogue: Inside the World’s Greatest Scavenger Hunt: Part 1    •  Part 2   •   Part 3  •  Part 4  •  Part 5 The 27 most interesting features in iOS11 The DJI Spark is the smallest, cheapest obstacle-avoiding drone yet  The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn’t The most important announcements from Google’s big developer’s conference Google Home’s mastermind has no intention of losing to Amazon Now I get it: Ransomware Google exec explains how Google Assistant just got smarter Amazon’s Alexa calling is like a Jetsons version of the home phone David Pogue, tech columnist for Yahoo Finance, is the author of “macOS Sierra: The Missing Manual.” He welcomes nontoxic comments in the comments section below. On the web, he’s davidpogue.com. On Twitter, he’s @pogue. On email, he’s poguester@yahoo.com. You can read all his articles here, or you can sign up to get his columns by email.  #tech #david-pogue #pogue #wwdc2017 #$aapl #$nflx Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech The new Samsung Galaxy does 27 things the iPhone doesn't Yahoo Tech E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Inventor of “Iron Man” jet suit beats his own speed record Yahoo Tech Google's autonomous car company is now testing out self-driving trucks Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech Uber posts $708 million loss and says finance head left Yahoo Tech Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Finance No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: What If Apple Inc. Cuts Intel Corporation Out of the iPhone? Losing its only high-volume smartphone customer would be devastating to the financial performance of Intel's cellular modem business. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 6, 2017 at 8:30AM With the iPhone 7-series of smartphones, microprocessor giant Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) long-struggling mobile division caught a huge break. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which had previously used cellular modems from wireless giant Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) exclusively for many iPhone generations, finally decided to dual-source, with Intel reportedly getting around 30% of the iPhone modem orders. One report also suggests that because of the ongoing legal battle between Qualcomm and Intel, Intel might wind up seeing its iPhone modem allocation surge from 30% during the iPhone 7-series cycle to something on the order of 70% in a couple of generations. Image source: Intel. If Intel winds up shipping the bulk of Apple's iPhone modems, that would be a solid PR win, and it would further fuel the company's cellular technology efforts. However, DigiTimes -- the source of the numbers I mentioned -- also had the following comment to add that shouldn't be ignored (emphasis mine): "Some market watchers believe Apple is unlikely to be willing to let Qualcomm take over control of its supply strategy, and with its rich R&D resources and cash, the U.S.-based smartphone vendor has a big chance to begin internal R&D for in-house baseband solutions. If such assumptions come true, Apple's orders for Intel's baseband chips may be strong for the short terms but may not last for a long time, meaning this is a friendship of convenience rather than a long-term strategic partnership." This comment leads me to wonder: What would become of Intel's cellular efforts if it lost Apple's orders?  The amazing vanishing revenue Although Intel sells cellular modems into non-iPhone devices, such as 2-in-1 personal computers, the overwhelming majority of the company's cellular modem revenue comes from the sale of standalone cellular modems to Apple. If Intel loses Apple's iPhone modem business, then its cellular modem revenue would probably be very close to zero.  Other cellular modem makers, such as market leader Qualcomm, sell chips incorporating their cellular technology to many customers, usually in the form of a cellular baseband integrated with an applications processor. Apple is the only major smartphone vendor to my knowledge that doesn't use a single-chip applications processor and cellular baseband solution.  If Qualcomm loses Apple's chip business, it's not great news, but its chip business is by no means built around Apple. In fact, because Apple only uses standalone modems rather than integrated applications processor and modem solutions from Qualcomm, Qualcomm probably sees less revenue per unit from the sale of each iPhone than it does from the sale of many other smartphones incorporating its technology.  Would Intel continue developing modems in this case? Despite its cellular division's high reliance on Apple, Intel has consistently maintained that connectivity technology, including cellular connectivity, has broad applicability across its technology portfolio. Intel's landing page discussing 5G wireless technology, for example, says the Internet of Things "will leverage 5G like no other technology."  It would seem, then, that the company has a rather rich long-term vision for the applicability of connectivity technology outside its win at Apple. However, given that Intel has a history of bailing from markets when they become too difficult to compete in (see: smartphone and tablet applications processors), I'm not totally convinced that Intel would continue to have such a robust view of the cellular market if it didn't have Apple as an anchor customer.   Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 8:30AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.09 down $0.28 (-0.18%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $57.53 no change (0.00%) Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.02 (0.06%) Read More The 3 Best PC Stocks to Buy in 2017 The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current What If Apple Inc. Cuts Intel Corporation Out of the iPhone? @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $QCOM, $INTC
Lenovo Launches 2017 Range Of Intel-Powered Think PCs Gadgets Home News Business Technology Enterprise Gadgets Startups Finance US-Indian Career Magazines Newsletters Blogs Network Members My Story Gyan Advice Life Real Estate Travel Finance Gadgets Jokes Movie Reviews Auto Spotlight Enterprise Enterprise Software IT Services Mobile Enterprise Security Cloud Computing Big Data Networking Semiconductor Social Non Profits Youth under 20 More Gadgets >> More >> Home | News | Mobiles & Accessories Hi! Could you share your feedback about our News section to help us improve? Q1) What kind of news do you like reading the most? Select Business News Technology News General News (Politics, Lifestyle) Career News Others: Please specify   Q2) What can we do to improve your reading experience? Q3) What other news and features would you like us to cover? Q4) Which other Indian content sites do you use? CIOL Hindustan Times IndiaTimes Rediff Samachar Sify Business Standard India Today OutlookIndia NDTV OneIndia FirstPost   Most Popular ( 1-4 of 8 ) Apple Introduces Wireless Home Speaker Lenovo Launches Intel-Powered Think PCs AMD Releases 'Radeon Pro 500' Series nubia Launches Z17 Mini For Rs.19,999 In Sony To Launch New Toy Moto C Smartphone Launched In India ASUS Unveils 3rd Generation Vivobook Max Samsung Galaxy S8+ with 6GB RAM Launched     Processing .....please wait..     The article has been forwarded....      Some error occured      !! Forward this news to your friends & colleague Subject: Receiver's email: For more than one recipient, type addresses separated by commas Your name: Your email: Message: I found an article you might be interested in. Type the characters you see in the picture Forward  Cancel Gadget >> News Lenovo Launches 2017 Range Of Intel-Powered Think PCs Tuesday, 06 June 2017, 11:44 Hrs Tweet 21 15 37 8 Print Email NEW DELHI: Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. Read Also: Sony To Launch New Toy ASUS Unveils Third Generation Vivobook Max In India Source: IANS Don't Miss ( 1-5 of 10 ) nubia Launches Z17 Mini For Rs.19,999 In I... Lenovo Launches 2017 Range Of Intel-Powere... Apple Introduces Power-Packed iOS 11, Wire... AMD Releases 'Radeon Pro 500' Series Graph... Sony To Launch New Toy ASUS Unveils Third Generation Vivobook Max... Moto C Smartphone Launched In India Samsung Galaxy S8+ with 6GB RAM Launched I... Western Digital Unveils New Client Solid S... Dell Unveils New AIOs, Gaming Desktop At '... Post your Comment All form fields are required. Your Comment Incorrect please try again Enter the above words: Enter the numbers you hear: Get another CAPTCHA Name Email     Write your comment now Terms of Use   Most Viewed Gadgets Jan 2016's Best Sm.. Top 8 Budget Smart.. 7 Unique & New Giz.. Top 10 Rumored Sma.. 5 Best Smartphones.. Best Mid-range Sma.. Get the weekly updates from Gadget world Email: - Latest Gadget Digest Follow SI : Follow @SINewsUpdates SiliconIndia:  About Us   |   Contact Us   |   Help   |   Community rules   |   Advertise with us   |   Sitemap   |   News:       Technology   |   Enterprise   |   Gadgets   |   Startups   |   Finance   |   Business   |   Career   |   Magazine  |   Newsletter   |   News archive   Cities:        CEO   |     Startup   |   Mobile   |   CIO   |   Women   |   BI   |   HR   |   SME   |   Cloud   |   Marketing   |   QA   |   Java   |   Web Developer   Community:      Members   |   Blogs   |   Indian Entrepreneurs   |   Gyan   |   Advice   |   Community   |   Find   |   CXO Insights   Online Courses:   Web Developer   |   Java Developer   |   CCNA Training   |   SEO   |   SAS   |   SQL Server 2005   |   J2EE Education:   MBA   |   MCA   |   Engineering   |   Training Institute Life:          Real Estate   |   Travel   |   Finance   |   Gadgets   |   Movie Reviews   |    Jokes   Send your feedback and help us continue to improve SiliconIndia © 2017 InfoConnect Web Technologies India Pvt Ltd. all rights reserved
Altia Systems Collaborates With Intel® to Launch PanaCast Whiteboard, a Computer Vision-Based Collaboration Tool for Whiteboard Sharing Creators of world’s first Panoramic-4K video camera system launch PanaCast Whiteboard to instantly share content on existing whiteboards via video Loading media player... PanaCast Whiteboard demo Download Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? PanaCast Whiteboard demo Windows Media Video Quicktime MPEG-4 Video Small Preview Thumbnail June 06, 2017 08:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time CUPERTINO, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Altia Systems, creators of PanaCast 2, the world’s first Panoramic-4K plug-and-play video camera system, has worked with Intel® to launch PanaCast Whiteboard, a computer vision software that detects content on an existing whiteboard and displays it as an individual screen within a video conference. The software automatically improves image quality and corrects distortion to produce a clear whiteboard image, enhancing the video collaboration experience for remote participants in various business and education settings. Stemmed from computer vision and imaging science algorithms initially developed by Intel and Altia Systems, PanaCast Whiteboard alleviates reflections, shadows and glare to produce a crisp image. Whiteboard is compatible with a variety of video conferencing platforms such as Google Hangouts®, Cisco® WebEx, Microsoft® Skype and Zoom®, for a competitive annual license fee of $199 per PanaCast 2 camera. “Intel and Altia Systems have collaborated to deliver innovative computer vision algorithms that run on the Intel® Core™ i-series processor family to detect whiteboards, rectify and enhance images to produce high-quality, orthogonal whiteboard views,” said Praveen Vishakantaiah, VP and GM of Intel Client Computing Group R&D division. Users can access Whiteboard via the free PanaCast Vision app, where users can adjust a camera’s field of view. PanaCast Vision delivers the full 180° Panoramic-4K camera view while simultaneously sharing whiteboard content as a virtual webcam stream or content-shared window, giving remote participants a virtual seat at the table and creating a natural viewing experience. “The standard whiteboard is the simplest collaboration tool available for meetings and classroom settings,” said Altia Systems President and CEO Aurangzeb Khan. “However, the rise of remote workers and education programs creates an urgent need for technology to keep the video collaboration process running smoothly. With PanaCast Whiteboard, people can brainstorm, host planning sessions, teach online courses and more from anywhere in the world, all while engaging your team and keeping the communication simple and natural.” PanaCast Whiteboard is currently compatible with PCs running quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and above, and can be viewed by participants on any video collaboration app via laptop, tablet or phone. "My clients are sometimes more interested in my whiteboard sketches than seeing my face,” said Dean Heckler, President of PanaCast Whiteboard beta user Heckler Design. “When using PanaCast Vision, our whiteboard becomes an active meeting participant, creating another powerful communication tool for Heckler Design." In addition to PanaCast 2 and PanaCast Whiteboard, Altia Systems is also the developer of PanaCast 2s, the first software-defined 7.4 Megapixel 180° camera system, Intelligent Zoom and other industry-first products. For more information on PanaCast Whiteboard, visit www.getpanacast.com/whiteboard. About Altia Systems Altia Systems, a Cupertino-based technology company, is the creator of PanaCast 2, the world’s first Panoramic-4K plug-and-play camera system that delivers a 180° wide field of view which replicates the natural human visual perspective. Funded by Intel Capital and other leading investors, Altia Systems’ products and technology deliver real-time stitching of panoramic video from multi-camera systems, enabling a unique experience in immersive video collaboration. In addition to PanaCast 2, Altia Systems is the developer of PanaCast 2s, the first software-defined 7.4 Megapixel 180° camera system, Intelligent Zoom and other industry-first products. PanaCast products have received prestigious awards such as CES Innovation Awards Honoree, Frost & Sullivan New Product Innovation, GOOD DESIGN award and more. For more information, visit www.getpanacast.com and follow @PanaCast1 on Twitter. Contacts BAM Communications Brenda Manea, 714-904-8592 Brenda@bamcommunications.biz Release Summary Altia Systems collaborates with Intel to launch PanaCast Whiteboard to digitally share an existing whiteboard via any video collaboration platform for remote viewers to easily see and participate. #Hashtags #education #whiteboard #panoramic #business #huddleroom #computervision #panacast2 #conference #meetings #intel #180degree #softwarelaunch #software #intelligentzoom #classrooms #altiasystems #4kcamera #panacastwhiteboard #panacast #panoramiccamera #conferencecall Social Media Profiles Altia Systems on Facebook Altia Systems on LinkedIn Contacts BAM Communications Brenda Manea, 714-904-8592 Brenda@bamcommunications.biz Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Computers WWDC 2017: Apple updates iMac, MacBook & MacBook Pro with faster processors Business Standard Lenovo launches 2017 range of 7th gen Intel-powered Think PCs With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools IANS  |  New Delhi  June 6, 2017 Last Updated at 17:08 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRDRe Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Two Lenovo K6 Note variants launched in India, prices start at Rs 13,999 Lenovo P2 smartphone launched in India, priced at Rs 16,999 Lenovo Z2 Plus now available on Flipkart, priced at Rs 14,999 Lenovo plays with add-ons Lenovo's gaming brand 'Legion' enters India Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. Read More On Lenovo | Lenovo India | Oled | Prakash Mallya | Lenovo Launch | Technology | Computers PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Lenovo launches 2017 range of 7th gen Intel-powered Think PCs With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Lenovo launches 2017 range of 7th gen Intel-powered Think PCs With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Axiomtek Press Release Receive press releases from Axiomtek: By Email RSS Feeds: Axiomtek Launches the New 3.5" Embedded Motherboard  The CAPA312 CAPA312, a fanless 3.5-inch embedded motherboard, powered by the Intel® Pentium® processor N4200 or Celeron® processor N3350. City of Industry, CA, June 06, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Axiomtek, one of the world's leading designers and manufacturers of innovative, high performance and reliable PC-based industrial computer products, is proud to announce the launch of the CAPA312, a fanless 3.5-inch embedded motherboard, powered by the Intel® Pentium® processor N4200 or Celeron® processor N3350. This 3.5” embedded board is a performance-driven solution for IoT/M2M related applications, such as industrial automation, self-service terminals, digital signage, POS/kiosk displays, medical, and more. It offers a wide operating temperature range from -20°C to +60°C (or optionally up to +70°C) and comes with rich I/O connectors, various display interfaces and two PCI Express Mini Card slots for a wide array of industrial applications. "With Intel® Apollo Lake-based processor, Axiomtek’s industrial-grade 3.5-inch embedded board, CAPA312, provides high performance yet low CPU power consumption. It features the newest 7th generation Intel® HD graphics engine to deliver dual-view high-resolution HD support for display interfaces: HDMI, LVDS, VGA (optional), and eDP (optional). It is perfectly suited for graphics-intensive applications," said Ken Lin, a product manager of the Embedded SBC Division at Axiomtek. "Our design concept is to serve our customers with the industrial-grade extreme compact embedded board with rich features and customizability. Our focus is on offering the most value to our customers. And we believe our CAPA312 does that by delivering outstanding performance, trusted reliability, and flexible expansion features to suit many projects." The CAPA312 - Axiomtek’s brand new 3.5" single board computer – will be available mid-July. For more product information or pricing, please visit us.axiomtek.com or contact us at solutions@axiomtek.com. Main Features - Intel® Pentium® processor N4200 or Celeron® processor N3350 - 1 DDR3L-1867 SO-DIMM, up to 8GB - 2 USB 2.0 and 4 USB 3.0 ports - 2 PCI Express Mini Card slots - 2 Gigabit Ethernet ports supporting Wake-on-LAN - Wide operating temperature from -20°C to +60°C (-4°F to +140°F), or with additional option - up to +70°C (+158°F) About Axiomtek Co., Ltd Axiomtek Co., Ltd. established in 1990, is one of the world's leading designers/manufacturers of PC-based industrial computer products. From its roots as a turnkey systems integrator specializing in data acquisition and control systems, Axiomtek has mirrored the PC and IoT evolutions by shifting its focus toward the design and manufacture of PC-based industrial solutions and value-added services for different industries including, transportation, medical, industrial automation, power utilities and renewable energy, digital signage, network appliances, gaming, retail/POS/Kiosks. It has more than 60 distributor partners globally. Axiomtek offers industrial PCs, single board computers and system on modules, fanless and rugged embedded systems, intelligent transportation systems, EtherCAT Master Controllers, IoT gateway devices, touch panel computers, medical grade PCs, digital signage OPS players, industrial network and network appliances and casino gaming platforms. Axiomtek USA headquarters is located in City of Industry, Calif. Established in 1994, the subsidiary incorporates product integration and logistics as well as a wide range of service offerings including design assistance, technical support and return merchandise assistance. Axiomtek Systems in Methuen, MA, was formed in 2012 after its acquisition. It has added its high level of expertise on COTS integration and a variety of value-added services to Axiomtek USA’s comprehensive suite of capabilities. Axiomtek USA has become the premier value-added service provider for systems integration assistance and project management. As an associate member of the Intel® Internet of Things Solutions Alliance, Axiomtek continuously develops and delivers cutting edge solutions based on the latest Intel® platforms. Contact Information Axiomtek Larry Wu 1-626-581-3232 Contact us.axiomtek.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Axiomtek Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points SEARCH HOT GADGETS Oppo F3S Redmi 4A iPhone 7 Asus Zenfone 3s Max Moto G5 Plus Nokia 3310 Motorola Moto M PM Modi launches BHIM-Aadhaar app, now pay at shops using fingerprint HTC U with Snapdragon 835, Edge Sense to launch in April OnePlus 5 spotted again, launch date set for Q2 2017 Jio's new Dhan Dhana Dhan offer: Top 5 things that you need to know Home > Technology > Lenovo launches Intel Core i7-powered ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones IANS Last Updated: JUN 06, 2017 New Delhi Email Author Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. Also Read: Apple WWDC 2017: Mac Pro, iOS 11, Siri Speaker HomePod and all other big announcements Also Read: WWDC 2017: Apple announces iMac Pro, confirms it's working on redesigned Mac Pro For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @IndiaTodayTech and on Facebook at facebook.com/indiatodaytech For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in.ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.   Most Read Judy malware infects millions of Android phones: What is it and does it affect you? Xiaomi Redmi 4 review: Redmi 3S Prime HD remaster Mark Zuckerberg gets his Harvard degree 12 years after dropping out: 10 quotes from his speech Samsung Galaxy Note 8 rumour roundup: Dual camera, curved 4K display and no physical home button Recommended Reviews Yu Yureka Black review: Sleek, fast, and super shiny Sennheiser HD 2.30 review: Compact design, laidback sound but wow factor missing Nokia 3310 (2017) review: A phone for old times' sake Tecno i7 review: A decent smartphone that lacks polish Oppo F3 review: Buy it for its superb selfie camera VIDEOS Inside a phone factory: How smartphones are made Xiaomi Mi Note 3: dual camera and other expected features Nokia 3310 (2017): Unboxing the India variant more Tech Tips WannaCry ransomware cyber attack: Here's how you can protect yourself Tech Tips: How to delete your WhatsApp account permanently Tech tip: Delete your Facebook account permanently with these easy steps Miss old status in WhatsApp? Here's how to set it up in new WhatsApp Tech tip: Use this free method to watch region-locked YouTube videos in India more Talking Points Shobhit VarmaDo not buy Nokia 3310 for nostalgia, buy it for peace of mind Priya PathakFree Jio is gone and here is why you are going to miss it badly Shobhit VarmaSamsung Galaxy S8 is gorgeous but it is not perfect and here are 5 reasons why Javed AnwerDear DU, you should teach students NOT TO post on Facebook Javed AnwerIf you find Galaxy S8 overpriced, it is not meant for you more News Reviews Tech Tips Galleries Buying Guides Videos Talking Points Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today. Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Lenovo launches 2017 range of Intel-powered Think PCs IANSJun 6, 2017, 03.49 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit LenovoImage Credit Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: tiny-in-onesThinkPadsthinkcentresLenovo IndiaLenovoIntel-powered Think PCs 2017 Next StoryIndia BI software revenue to hit $245mn in 2017: Gartner Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us More from this author PoopMD app can scan liver disease in newborns Vodafone India starts 4G trials Government's final net neutrality view still awaited: Prasad Related stories New Lenovo ThinkPads Won't Burn If You Use the Wrong Charger Lenovo to roll out its new phablet K4 Note in India in Jan 2016? Lenovo K6 Power: First impressions Lenovo Launches Three New 4G VoLTE-Enabled Smartphones Lenovo Now Officially Owns Motorola Lenovo K3 Note is the latest sub-Rs 10k phone in town FROM THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap How To Hire A High-End Designer For A Fraction Of The Price Elle Decor | Decorist How to Sidestep the Pitfalls of Student Life Arizona State University How I got out of debt faster by USING credit cards The Simple Dollar MORE FROM GIZMODO Tim Cook thinks Donald Trump is 'wrong' Uh, Apple, Did You Think This Through? India Just Launched Its Giant 'Monster' Rocket India launches GSAT-19 from its new, heaviest rocket Washington DC Bar Will Give Everyone a Free Drink Every Time The Steamiest Details From James Comey's Prepared Trump Tes You May Like Stylish Shirts for the Man on a Mission - Shop Geoffrey Be.. Ad: Macy's Hello, World! Shop Grad Gifts That Set Her Up for Success Ad: Vera Bradley Make a Bold Statement in the New Acura ILX Ad: Acura Learn About Cloud Storage, The Safest Way To Protect Your .. Ad: Cloud Storage Sponsored Ads Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Ad: Food & Wine for Plated Top (5) Medical Alerts Best & Worst Medical Alert Systems. Ad: BestCompany.com Apple WWDC Line up your pockets because we have the prices of the new Apple MacBooks and iPads ... HomePod may be late in the game, but it could reinvent music in your home ... Apple refreshed its entire range of iMacs and MacBooks at WWDC 2017 ... Apple introduced iOS 11: Here’s what’s new ... Read more Editor's Pick Apple has quarter of a trillion dollars in cash. Here are 5 things it can do with that mu ... A Google engineer recreated a DSLR photo using a Nexus 6P with absolute perfection ... Hello, Hello, this is Xiaomi’s best phone for 2017 and it’s a baller ... Hot Right Now Facebook Live to introduce closed captions for hearing-impaired users NEW YORK Why Parents and Teens Will Both Love Smart Home S.. Ad: Alarm.com The HomePod is more about the music than the smartness India BI software revenue to hit $245mn in 2017: Gartner Lenovo launches 2017 range of Intel-powered Think PCs App to use smartphone compass to foil voice hacking EY launches DigiGST tool Taiwan's HTC says virtual reality headset will be compatible with Apple's new OS Support your team with Facebook frames during Champions Trophy India among countries worst-affected by new 'Fireball' malware Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop Redmi 4A (Grey, 16GB) ₹ 5999BUY2GB RAM, 13MP Camera Redmi 4A (Gold, 16GB) ₹ 5999BUY2GB RAM, 13MP Camera LYF Water 10 4G VoLTE- 16GB (Black) ₹ 6070BUY3GB RAM, 4G VoLTE India BI software revenue to hit $245mn in 2017: Gartner App to use smartphone compass to foil voice hacking Taiwan's HTC says virtual reality headset will be compatible with Apple's new OS Bengaluru leads as green city: Survey India launches GSAT-19 from its new, heaviest rocket San Francisco investigating whether Uber, Lyft are public nuisances Ola Share registers 500% growth in one year Zebronics ropes in Hrithik Roshan as brand ambassador Google's virtual assistant 'Home' facing glitches 1Lenovo launches 2017 range of Intel-powered Think PCs 2India BI software revenue to hit $245mn in 2017: Gartner 3App to use smartphone compass to foil voice hacking 4Taiwan's HTC says virtual reality headset will be compatible with Apple's new OS 5Bengaluru leads as green city: Survey 6India launches GSAT-19 from its new, heaviest rocket 7San Francisco investigating whether Uber, Lyft are public nuisances 8Ola Share registers 500% growth in one year 9Zebronics ropes in Hrithik Roshan as brand ambassador 10Google's virtual assistant 'Home' facing glitches About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS More from our Partners Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Technology » News » Computers WWDC 2017: Apple updates iMac, MacBook & MacBook Pro with faster processors Business Standard Lenovo launches 2017 range of 7th gen Intel-powered Think PCs With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools IANS  |  New Delhi  June 6, 2017 Last Updated at 17:08 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRDRe Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Two Lenovo K6 Note variants launched in India, prices start at Rs 13,999 Lenovo P2 smartphone launched in India, priced at Rs 16,999 Lenovo Z2 Plus now available on Flipkart, priced at Rs 14,999 Lenovo plays with add-ons Lenovo's gaming brand 'Legion' enters India Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. Read More On Lenovo | Lenovo India | Oled | Prakash Mallya | Lenovo Launch | Technology | Computers PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Lenovo launches 2017 range of 7th gen Intel-powered Think PCs With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Lenovo launches 2017 range of 7th gen Intel-powered Think PCs With modular design, new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News India, Pakistan get ready to join SCO — and future joint military exercises As protests spread to other MP areas, Shivraj Singh Chouhan offers farm sops Standoff over rates: RBI panel said no to meeting with Finance before review Presidential poll to be held on July 17, if needed, says CEC Nasim Zaidi On the line from Kathmandu, Charles Sobhraj: Have to undergo heart surgery, don’t know if I will survive Home Technology Gadgets Apple WWDC 2017: iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook upgraded, and here are the details Apple WWDC 2017: iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook upgraded, and here are the details Apple's Worldwide Developer Conference 2017, WWDC 2017 keynote is now over, and as expected the company introduced a new range of MacBooks, but also updated its iMac desktops. Here's a look at the new iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook and upgraded MacBook Air Written by Shruti Dhapola | New Delhi | Updated: June 7, 2017 10:44 am Apple WWDC 2017 Keynote: Apple iMac 2017 and Apple’s MacBook Pro 2017 lineup were revealed along with a refreshed MacBook and upgraded MacBook Air. Related News Flipkart Father’s Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Apple iOS 11 hidden features: WiFi sharing, FLAC audio support and more Xiaomi, Apple keep top spots in global wearable segment in Q1 2017: IDC Apple’s Worldwide Developer Conference 2017 (WWDC 2017) keynote is now over, and as expected the company introduced a new range of MacBooks, but also updated its iMac desktops. Now Apple has faced some criticism over how the company was ignoring the Mac line. Plus the MacBook Pro lineup was just refreshed last year, and now there’s a new set of MacBook Pro for 2017. For those, who purchased the 2016 MacBook Pro, the news might come as a disappointment. So what are the specifications of the Apple’s new iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook and the revamped MacBook Air? Here’s a quick look at the specifications, features, and pricing of the new Macs from Apple. Apple iMac 2017 specifications, features, and price  Apple has announced iMac 2017 with a new 4K and 5K display, more powerful graphics processors, new Thunderbolt 3, and faster storage as well. Apple’s new iMac will run macOS High Sierra, which will launch later this year in fall along with iOS 11, tvOS, and watchOS 4. The 21.5-inch iMac with Retina 4K display has a resolution of 4096 x 2304 pixels, support for one billion colours and 500 nits of brightness with P3 Wide Colour gamut. The 27-inch iMac for 2017 gets a 5K display with 5120 x 2880 resolution and once again support for one billion colours, and brightness of 500 nits. This one too has the updated Wide colour (P3) gamut. Apple iMac 2017 comes with 4K and 5K display options. Apple has also introduced Intel’s 7th generation Kaby Lake processors with up to 4.2 GHz clock speed and Turbo Boost of up to 4.5 GHz on the new iMacs. However, the base variants of the new iMacs start with Intel’s core i5 processors, and for the quad-core i7 processor you’ll have to shell out extra dollars. Apple’s 21.5-inch iMac with 4K Retina Display has a maximum of 16GB DDR4 RAM. Though, Apple will charge another $200 for this extra RAM. Apple’s 27-inch iMac with 5K Display has the option of 64GB RAM as well. This will cost you an extra $1400 on the final price. Apple’s iMac now has Fusion Drive as the standard on all 27-inch configurations, and the top-end 21.5-inch iMac. This is the version of the iMac with a 4K Retina Display, quad-core Intel Core i5 processor clocked at 3.4 GHz. The price is $1,499. Apple has also bumped up the graphics performance on the iMac. The new line comes with Radeon Pro 500-series graphics with up to 8GB of vRAM.   While the 27-inch iMac has Radeon Pro 575 with 4GB vRAM, the 21.5-inch iMac with $1299 price tag has Radeon Pro 555 with 2GB RAM for video. Apple iMac 2017 will come with new Intel 7th generation Kaby Lake processor. (Source: AP) The high-end variant of the 21.5-inch iMac has Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB vRAM. In the 27-inch iMac, there’s Radeon Pro 580 with 8GB video memory. On the pricing front, Apple’s upgraded iMac 2017 starts at $1099 but this one has full HD resolution display. There’s a 4K variant with a price tag of $1299 as well. The high-end variant in the 21.5-inch series starts at $1499. Apple iMac 27-inch with 5K Retina Display starts at $1,799 and goes up all the way to $2,299 depending on the kind of RAM, storage you want from your computer. Apple MacBook Pro specifications, features, and price  Apple also upgraded its MacBook and MacBook Pro lineup with faster processors and SSDs. It also refreshed the MacBook line, and now there’s a  13-inch MacBook Pro with a $1,299 price tag as well. Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro without the Touch Bar on top now comes with Intel core i5 processor clocked at 2.3GHz, 128GB Storage and 8GB RAM. This also has two Thunderbolts 3.0 ports, and a starting price of $1,299.  The MacBook Pro with the 13-inch display and Touch Bar, TouchID comes with 3.1GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM (LPDDR3). The price is starting at $1,999. This one has 512GB storage space on board. Apple also updated its MacBook Pro lineup. (Image source: AP) With the 15-inch MacBook Pro, there are now two versions: One with a 2.8GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and another with a 2.9GHz quad-core i7 processor. The base variant starts at $2,399, and comes with 16GB DDR3 RAM, 256GB SSD storage on board, and new Radeon Pro 555 GPUs with 2GB memory for video. The new MacBook Pro with 15-inch display also has four Thunderbolt 3 ports along with Touch Bar and Touch ID. The more expensive variant of the 15-inch MacBook Pro comes with a price tag $2799 and 512GB SSD storage, Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB RAM and four Thunderbolt 3.0 ports. Apple’s Upgraded MacBook Pro range and pricing. (Image source: Reuters) Apple’s MacBook specifications, features, and price  Apple’s MacBook has also been updated with 1.2GHz dual-core Intel Core m3 processor, 256GB SSD and 8GB RAM. The price is now $1,299 for the base variant. Apple’s MacBook with Intel Core i5 processor clocked at 1.3Ghz and coupled with 512GB storage will cost $1,599. Apple MacBook Air specifications, features, and price  Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Air now has 1.8 GHz processor. Apple MacBook Air starts at $999 and goes up all the way to $1199 depending on the specifications. Apple MacBook availability Apple’s new iMac, MacBook, MacBook Pro and MacBook Air are available for order from today itself on apple.com in the US. They will be coming to Apple Stores in US on June 7. Apple’s India website has listed the new products, but pricing for the new iMacs or MacBooks is not yet out. More Related News Apple iCloud storage price for 2TB slashed to half, now starts at Rs 650 Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier : Here’s what you need to know For all the latest Technology News, download Indian Express App © IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Tags: Apple Apple WWDC 2017 J jatoth rajani Jun 6, 2017 at 10:59 pm : www.todaynews360 /mackbook-pro-price-india/ Reply J jatoth rajani Jun 6, 2017 at 10:58 pm macbook options super thnks for informesion Reply J jatoth rajani Jun 6, 2017 at 10:53 pm macbook pro price how much in india? Reply Most Read RBSE 10th result 2017 released at rajresults.nic.in, pass percentage is 78.96% 10th RBSE result 2017 announced: Where and how to check SSC result RBSE 8th result 2017 declared at rajeduboard.rajasthan.gov.in, here's how to download Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L): As it happened NEET 2017 results date to be announced, five things you need to know Best of Express Rahul Gandhi at Madhya Pradesh border: Farmers not given same respect as jawans SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, ICC Champions Trophy 2017: India post 321/6 at The Oval PM Modi meets Kazakh President Nursultan Nazarbayev in Astana, will attend SCO Summit OpinionIndia should utilise Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, but it must sidestep ambushes by China and Pakistan OpinionRobust intellectual property rights regime holds the key to incentivising research on medicines Buzzing Now EntertainmentFatima Sana Shaikh slut-shamed for wearing a swimsuit during Ramadan: 'You aren't a Muslim EntertainmentSamantha Ruth Prabhu and Naga Chaitanya's wedding date set. Here are all the deets EntertainmentSridevi breaks silence on rejecting Sivagami role in Baahubali: 'What's the point in talking about it' TrendingThis Indian couple married for just 20 days gets their divorce finalised after 20 years TrendingBrother ki dulhan? Younger brother pushes elder brother aside to marry the bride Top News VIDEO: Rahul Gandhi pushes Madhya Pradesh policeman, says 'how can you stop me?' Centre will not take any step that will break the faith of farmers: Rajnath Singh on Mandsaur violence What is Swaminathan Commission Report and how is its implementation relevant? SportsRohit Sharma-Shikhar Dhawan become most successful pair in Champions Trophy SportsIndia vs Sri Lanka Live Score, Champions Trophy SportsFrench Open Live score, women's semifinals LifestyleBJP MLC from Jammu says 'momo is a killer'; but is it really? LifestyleRani Mukerji is back and her style game is right on point TechnologyMotorola Moto Z2 Play first impressions: Worth its Rs 27,999 price tag? TechnologyFlipkart Father's Day sale: Apple iPhone 6 at Rs 21,999, but should you get it? Jun 08: Latest News Katrina Kaif does some deep sea diving to spread awareness on World Oceans Day, Watch video Believe it or not, halal-certified nail polishes are a thing now Sonam Kapoor’s click from PadMan sets is not just giving a sneak peek but perfect ‘Neerja vibes’ too. See photos Raabta actor Sushant Singh Rajput: I am not a people pleaser BJP government in MP, other states oppressing farmers, poor: Mayawati Shruti DhapolaLooking at technology and web culture.... read more Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro review: Stylish phone with impressive camera Apple new MacBook Pro, MacBook, iMac Price in India now out Apple WWDC 2017: iMacs, MacBook Pro, MacBook upgraded, and here are the details                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Finance Lenovo launches 2017 range of Intel-powered Think PCs Lenovo launches 2017 range of Intel-powered Think PCs Source : Last Updated: Tue, Jun 06, 2017 15:14 hrs New Delhi: Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27650.00 (0.14%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28210.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28500.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28080.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27100.00 (-0.37%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27560.00 (-0.18%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, June 08, 2017 As of 11:41 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2017: Apple laptop hardly stands out with pinch of upgraded features By Ryan Patrick on June 06 2017 5:46 PM 0 0 0 0 Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, speaks under a graphic of the new MacBook Pro (R) during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California, U.S. October 27, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach The Apple WorldWide Developers Conference 2017 (WWDC 2017) gave the consumer market a glimpse of things to come, highlighted by the introduction of the HomePod. The new smart home speakers got its fair share of the spotlight, though most had their eyes on other devices such as the MacBook Pro 2017.  Compared to the features of the HomePod, the MacBook Pro 2017 barely had anything exciting tied to it. The upgrades to better processors happened as expected, affecting the 12, 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017 variants. All are now armed with an Intel Kaby Lake Core i7 processor, the configurations varying. Sadly, RAM remains fixed at 16GB. As far as the graphics support goes, the 13-inch version will offer an Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, while the higher end model will have an Intel Iris Plus Graphic 650. The 15-inch model got a bit of a boost with a more powerful Radeon Pro 555 discrete graphics with 2GB video memory, according to Mac Rumors. If those still fall short, aspiring buyers can consider a Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB memory. The other notable change for the MacBook Pro 2017 has to do with the solid-state drive boost, now 50 percent faster compared to the previous models. Aside from the specs, pricing hardly fluctuated, meaning the upgrades hardly merited an increase.  Nothing much has changed for pricing of the refreshed MacBook Pro 2017. The 12-inch variant is at US$1,299 (AU$1,736), though folks may as well go for the 13-inch model (with function keys) offered at the same price. The Touch Bar versions for the 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017 models cost US$1,799 (AU$2,405) and US$2,399 (AU$3,207), respectively. With the suspense over, it will be interesting how buyers of the 2017 MacBook Pro will react. Most were disappointed at the version armed with an Intel Skylake SoC, so seeing an upgraded device with practically the same pricing range could draw in some backlash.  The minor updates to the MacBook Pro 2017 were expected beforehand, and critics feel that Apple may have done well to consider other additions, Tech Crunch reports. These include adding more ports, an additional USB-C port to be precise. There are still issues being raised such as the noisy keyboard, which occasionally jams. There is also the 16GB RAM, something that will apparently stick at least until the next MacBook Pro models.  Regardless of these shortcomings, the new MacBook Pro 2017 models are available for order today via Apple.com. They are also expected to appear in retail outlets starting June 7, 2017.  Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Potential coming of iPad Pro and MacBook Pro backed by spotted regulatory approval listing Apple makes uncanny changes to fastest and free delivery dates for 2016 MacBook Pro models Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 The Essential Phone vs Apple iPhone 7 0 Shares 3 Sam Heughan supports young actors in Scotland 0 Shares 4 London attack: US ambassador praises London Mayor Sadiq Khan following Trump’s diss 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ fans get a chance to play dress up 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Assistant Director wraps filming 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 to reveal if this character cheated 0 Shares 8 ‘Poldark’ season 3 spoilers: Elizabeth will put baby at risk 0 Shares 9 ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Heahmund is on the show for a particular reason, says Jonathan Rhys Meyers 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Airline heads lay out alternatives to laptop bans First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Aldi offers cheaper grocery basket than Woolworths, Coles and IGA: Choice Coles says food and grocery prices must come down further More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 NBA Draft: Josh Jackson has 'strong supporters' within Lakers organisation Accused of 'tanking,' Novak Djokovic considering a break after shocking French Open ouster 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal just two wins away from 10th Roland Garros title Australian golfer Nick Flanagan qualifies for US Open after 13-year absence 2017 French Open: 'Garbage man' Andy Murray never expected to reach semis Rafael Nadal on Dominic Thiem: 'He has huge potential to tap' More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'DC's Legends of Tomorrow' cast gets a feisty nerd hacker in Tala Ashe ‘Outlander’ season 3 spoilers: Turtle soup, Print shop and coconuts ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Snoke’s artifact 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 8 'The Keenan Vortex' spoilers 'Better Call Saul' Season 3 episode 9 'Fall' spoilers ‘Poldark’ season 3: Eleanor Tomlinson to answer fan questions More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, June 08, 2017 As of 11:41 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology MacBook Pro 2017: Apple laptop hardly stands out with pinch of upgraded features By Ryan Patrick on June 06 2017 5:46 PM 0 0 0 0 Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple, speaks under a graphic of the new MacBook Pro (R) during an Apple media event in Cupertino, California, U.S. October 27, 2016. Reuters/Beck Diefenbach The Apple WorldWide Developers Conference 2017 (WWDC 2017) gave the consumer market a glimpse of things to come, highlighted by the introduction of the HomePod. The new smart home speakers got its fair share of the spotlight, though most had their eyes on other devices such as the MacBook Pro 2017.  Compared to the features of the HomePod, the MacBook Pro 2017 barely had anything exciting tied to it. The upgrades to better processors happened as expected, affecting the 12, 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017 variants. All are now armed with an Intel Kaby Lake Core i7 processor, the configurations varying. Sadly, RAM remains fixed at 16GB. As far as the graphics support goes, the 13-inch version will offer an Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, while the higher end model will have an Intel Iris Plus Graphic 650. The 15-inch model got a bit of a boost with a more powerful Radeon Pro 555 discrete graphics with 2GB video memory, according to Mac Rumors. If those still fall short, aspiring buyers can consider a Radeon Pro 560 with 4GB memory. The other notable change for the MacBook Pro 2017 has to do with the solid-state drive boost, now 50 percent faster compared to the previous models. Aside from the specs, pricing hardly fluctuated, meaning the upgrades hardly merited an increase.  Nothing much has changed for pricing of the refreshed MacBook Pro 2017. The 12-inch variant is at US$1,299 (AU$1,736), though folks may as well go for the 13-inch model (with function keys) offered at the same price. The Touch Bar versions for the 13 and 15-inch MacBook Pro 2017 models cost US$1,799 (AU$2,405) and US$2,399 (AU$3,207), respectively. With the suspense over, it will be interesting how buyers of the 2017 MacBook Pro will react. Most were disappointed at the version armed with an Intel Skylake SoC, so seeing an upgraded device with practically the same pricing range could draw in some backlash.  The minor updates to the MacBook Pro 2017 were expected beforehand, and critics feel that Apple may have done well to consider other additions, Tech Crunch reports. These include adding more ports, an additional USB-C port to be precise. There are still issues being raised such as the noisy keyboard, which occasionally jams. There is also the 16GB RAM, something that will apparently stick at least until the next MacBook Pro models.  Regardless of these shortcomings, the new MacBook Pro 2017 models are available for order today via Apple.com. They are also expected to appear in retail outlets starting June 7, 2017.  Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Potential coming of iPad Pro and MacBook Pro backed by spotted regulatory approval listing Apple makes uncanny changes to fastest and free delivery dates for 2016 MacBook Pro models Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 The Essential Phone vs Apple iPhone 7 0 Shares 3 Sam Heughan supports young actors in Scotland 0 Shares 4 London attack: US ambassador praises London Mayor Sadiq Khan following Trump’s diss 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ fans get a chance to play dress up 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Assistant Director wraps filming 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 to reveal if this character cheated 0 Shares 8 ‘Poldark’ season 3 spoilers: Elizabeth will put baby at risk 0 Shares 9 ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Heahmund is on the show for a particular reason, says Jonathan Rhys Meyers 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Airline heads lay out alternatives to laptop bans First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Aldi offers cheaper grocery basket than Woolworths, Coles and IGA: Choice Coles says food and grocery prices must come down further More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East 2017 NBA Draft: Josh Jackson has 'strong supporters' within Lakers organisation Accused of 'tanking,' Novak Djokovic considering a break after shocking French Open ouster 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal just two wins away from 10th Roland Garros title Australian golfer Nick Flanagan qualifies for US Open after 13-year absence 2017 French Open: 'Garbage man' Andy Murray never expected to reach semis Rafael Nadal on Dominic Thiem: 'He has huge potential to tap' More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'DC's Legends of Tomorrow' cast gets a feisty nerd hacker in Tala Ashe ‘Outlander’ season 3 spoilers: Turtle soup, Print shop and coconuts ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Snoke’s artifact 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 8 'The Keenan Vortex' spoilers 'Better Call Saul' Season 3 episode 9 'Fall' spoilers ‘Poldark’ season 3: Eleanor Tomlinson to answer fan questions More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Thursday, June 08, 2017 As of 11:23 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment Technology Apple MacBook 2017 Australian pricing and release details: New batch is Kaby Lake-infused By Alvin Alcalde @ULB1N on June 06 2017 5:27 PM 0 0 0 0 Apple has unveiled its all-new MacBook 2017 line-up that is lightweight, thin and Kaby Lake-powered. Apple The Apple MacBook 2017 line-up has finally arrived. The models, including the Pro variants, are now powered by Kaby Lake chips. The new roster, however, remains lightweight and thin. As expected, Apple launched all-new MacBooks and MacBook Pros at the Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC 2017) on Tuesday. The 2017 line-up includes a new and cheaper 13-inch Pro variant. Not getting outdone is the 13-inch Air notebook, which includes an updated 1.8 GHz processor. The basics are still there on Apple’s new laptops: lightweight and slim designs, potent specs, stunning displays and long battery life. The MacBook now packs rapid-fire Kaby Lake chips up to 1.3 GHz Core i7 with Turbo Boost of up to 3.6 GHz alongside a faster SSD that can handle up to double the memory. The notebook just weighs about two pounds (0.91 kilogram) and measures 13.1 millimetres (0.52 inch) thin. The 13-inch MacBook Pro refresh houses up to 3.5 GHz Core i7 Kaby Lake processors with Turbo Boost of up to 4.0 GHz. Meanwhile, its 15-inch sibling handles up to 3.1 GHz Core i7, has a Turbo Boost of up to 4.1 GHz and now packs powerful standard discrete graphics and added video memory. The polarising Touch Bar with Touch ID is still on board together with Thunderbolt 3 ports and, of course, the 500-nit Retina display that has wide colour support for extra enhanced greens and reds compared to sRGB. “The display in the MacBook Pro is the best ever in a Mac notebook,” according to its Cupertino, California-based maker. “It features bright LED backlighting and a high contrast ratio, delivering deep blacks and bright whites. Its large pixel aperture and variable refresh rate make it power efficient.” The 12-inch Apple MacBook 2017 models are available in four colours: space grey, gold, rose gold and silver. The 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro variants are only available in two: space grey and silver. All new models are now available to purchase. According to Apple, the new MacBook Pro’s display is the best ever in a Mac notebook.  Apple 12-inch MacBook with 1.2 GHz dual-core Intel Core m3 processor | $1,899 Turbo Boost up to 3.0 GHz 8 GB 1,866 MHz LPDDR3 memory 256 GB SSD storage Intel HD Graphics 615 Keyboard with second-generation butterfly mechanism 12-inch MacBook with 1.3 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,349 Turbo Boost up to 3.2 GHz 8 GB 1,866 MHz LPDDR3 memory 512 GB SSD storage Intel HD Graphics 615 Keyboard with second-generation butterfly mechanism 13-inch MacBook Pro with 2.3 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor | $1,899 Turbo Boost up to 3.6 GHz 8 GB of 2,133 MHz LPDDR3 memory 128 GB of SSD storage Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 13-inch MacBook Pro with 2.3 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,199 Turbo Boost up to 3.6 GHz 8 GB of 2,133 MHz LPDDR3 memory 256 GB of SSD storage Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Two Thunderbolt 3 ports 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and 3.1 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,699 Turbo Boost up to 3.5 GHz 8 GB of 2,133 MHz LPDDR3 memory 256 GB of SSD storage Intel Iris Plus Graphics 650 Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch ID 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and 3.1 GHz dual-core Intel Core i5 processor | $2,999 Turbo Boost up to 3.5 GHz 8 GB of 2,133 MHz LPDDR3 memory 512 GB of SSD storage Intel Iris Plus Graphics 650 Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch ID 15-inch MacBook Pro with 2.2 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor | $2,999 Turbo Boost up to 3.4 GHz 16 GB of 1,600 MHz memory 256 GB of SSD storage Intel Iris Pro Graphics Two Thunderbolt 2 ports 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and 2.8 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor | $3,499 Turbo Boost up to 3.8 GHz 16 GB of 2,133 MHz LPDDR3 memory 256 GB of SSD storage Radeon Pro 555 with 2 GB of memory Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch ID 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar and 2.9 GHz quad-core Intel Core i7 processor | $4,099 Turbo Boost up to 3.9 GHz 16 GB of 2,133 MHz LPDDR3 memory 512 GB of SSD storage Radeon Pro 560 with 4 GB of memory Four Thunderbolt 3 ports Touch ID MORE APPLE NEWS: Apple iMac 2017 Australian pricing and release details: All-new line-up is the best yet Apple Car news: iPhone maker tests self-driving tech on Lexus SUVs [VIDEO] Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Apple CEO tests Apple Watch with blood sugar monitor; Future model could pack several health features Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Crowdfunding, millennial buyers and higher mortgage rule real estate in 2017 0 Shares 2 The Essential Phone vs Apple iPhone 7 0 Shares 3 Sam Heughan supports young actors in Scotland 0 Shares 4 London attack: US ambassador praises London Mayor Sadiq Khan following Trump’s diss 0 Shares 5 ‘Outlander’ fans get a chance to play dress up 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: Assistant Director wraps filming 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ season 3 to reveal if this character cheated 0 Shares 8 ‘Poldark’ season 3 spoilers: Elizabeth will put baby at risk 0 Shares 9 ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Darth Vader suit piece 0 Shares 10 ‘Vikings’ season 5: Heahmund is on the show for a particular reason, says Jonathan Rhys Meyers 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Airline heads lay out alternatives to laptop bans First-home buyer activity in NSW to surge on July 1: CoreLogic Foreign investors to endure doubled taxes as NSW supports the 'Australian dream' Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Aldi offers cheaper grocery basket than Woolworths, Coles and IGA: Choice Coles says food and grocery prices must come down further More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Accused of 'tanking,' Novak Djokovic considering a break after shocking French Open ouster 2017 French Open: Rafael Nadal just two wins away from 10th Roland Garros title Australian golfer Nick Flanagan qualifies for US Open after 13-year absence 2017 NBA Draft: Knicks could gamble with Luke Kennard at No. 8, per new report Rafael Nadal on Dominic Thiem: 'He has huge potential to tap' 2017 NBA Draft: Josh Jackson has 'strong supporters' within Lakers organisation More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More MacBook Pro 2018 possibly armed with 30-percent more Intel chip power Tesla Model 3 leaked feature worry experts Aussies hit worst at Microsoft Outlook global outage Steam sale: Pay only US$1.99 for 10 games with the Cryptic Bundle 7 Acer Predator Triton 700 gaming laptop specs, price and release details Apple rolls out second beta of near-perfect iOS 10.3.3 More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'DC's Legends of Tomorrow' cast gets a feisty nerd hacker in Tala Ashe ‘Outlander’ season 3 spoilers: Turtle soup, Print shop and coconuts ‘Star Wars: The Last Jedi’ spoilers: Snoke’s artifact 'Silicon Valley' Season 4 episode 8 'The Keenan Vortex' spoilers 'Better Call Saul' Season 3 episode 9 'Fall' spoilers ‘Poldark’ season 3: Eleanor Tomlinson to answer fan questions More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers iMac Pro 2017 Update: A Mac That Users Will be Proud About, Finally By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 6, 2017 01:57 PM The iMac is perhaps one of Apple’s best selling desktop computer. The all-in-one desktop offers superb visuals with its 27-inch 5K display. Before now, the iMac remained and performed as a standard desktop. However, that is about to change with the introduction of the new iMac Pro. Fresh off of the WWDC 2017 kick off ceremony, Apple introduced an upcoming AIO desktop computer, the iMac Pro. To say the least, this new desktop is basically what most users and Mac aficionados are waiting for; a high-performing machine that tries to break all boundaries of human design. Top-notch Intel Xeon performance On the get go, a standard iMac Pro sports an eight-core Intel Xeon processor. If that is not enough, consumers can beef up the machine by getting either a ten-core or the top-tier 18-core version. For professionals, this is a no brainer. More cores mean more processing power. That might be true but in general, it depends on what kind of applications one use to take advantage of that massive core count. On the other hand, Apple’s own line of professional tools are catered to make use of Intel’s workstation-grade processors. This is mainly why an 18-core iMac Pro will be a sure performer especially on macOS applications like the Final Cut Pro for video editing. iMac Pro front view (via apple.com) Graphics behemoth Apart from the dizzying core count of the Intel Xeon processor, the iMac Pro is also equipped with the latest AMD Vega graphics processors. According to Apple, the top-of-the-line configuration can have as much as 16GB of HBM2 memory. The AMD Vega alone can calculate single precision numbers at a rate of 11 TFLOPs. This performance is almost similar to the latest NVIDIA Titan Xp GPU that was released a few months ago. For those who feel that this graphics performance is not enough, can pump up the volume by adding external GPU hardware to one of its four Thunderbolt 3.0 ports. More room to grow Another exciting feature of the iMac Pro is the voluminous amount of memory. As a standard, the AIO desktop comes with 32GB of 2666MHz DDR4 ECC RAM. Having it ECC makes it even more robust than standard desktop memories in the market. For added space, Apple upped the ante by enabling the new iMac workstation to hold as much as 128GB of RAM. In terms of storage, Apple has done away with spinning platters in favor of solid-state drives. As a standard, the new professional iMac comes with 1TB of SSD storage with a transfer rate of 3Gbps. Additionally, for content creators, more content means more space. That is why the maximum SSD storage size of the iMac Pro is now at 2TB. Upgraded peripherals Of course, in addition to the main hardware components, the iMac Pro also received some important peripheral upgrades. From dual Thunderbolt 2.0 ports, the new iMac now has four Thunderbolt 3.0 ports. The Type A SUB ports are still there as well as the headphone jack and the SD card reader. However, apart from the Bluetooth 4.2 and 802.11ac WiFi, it also comes with a 10Gbps Ethernet interface. The FaceTime camera also received its much needed upgrade as it now supports 1080p video capture. iMac Pro rear view showing ports (via apple.com) Aesthetics For those who have grown tired of the same aluminum grey colour of the iMac, the iMac Pro presents a choice with its new space grey colour scheme. Furthermore, to accentuate the new design, the Magic Mouse and Keyboard also have the same colour scheme. To cap it off, the Magic Keyboard now includes a number pad. Price and release date As for the release date, the iMac Pro will hit stores sometime in December. Entry-level configuration starts at $4,999. There are no details yet on how much the top-tier configuration will be. Nevertheless, owing to the fact that it sports an 18-core processor, 128GB RAM, and 2TB of storage, a price of $7,999 is not going to be surprising at all. For more updates on the iMac Pro, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: Computex 2017: ASUS ROG Zephyrus – Ultra-Slim Gaming Laptop with GTX 1080 Max-Q iMac Pro 2017 Update: A Mac That Users Will be Proud About, Finally June 6th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, iMac Pro specs, Price, release date Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Analyst Weighs in on Project Scorpio Price: Much Cheaper Than You Think Apple News 2017: 32-bit Apps To Be Phased Out Immediately After macOS High Sierra Release Fallout 5 Release Date Rumors: Game Coming From BattleCry Studios? E3 2017 Reveal Expected Product Vtin Over-The-Head Bluetooth Wireless Headset For Drivers TOMOKO 87 Key Mechanical Keyboard, Water-Resistant Gaming Keyboard Steam Controller Old Man’s Journey (App) Gears of War 4 Ultimate Edition Sony PlayStation 4 Skin (PS4) – Gold About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2: Understanding SonicFox’s Top 10 Characters For Competitive Play Pokemon GO Fest Introduces Real-World Events, Anniversary Celebration Starts Next Week Pokemon GO Legendary Event Discovered In Chicago Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Tekken 7 Handles Loot Better Than Injustice 2, But Reveals Its Lack Of Content Unlike Injustice 2, Tekken 7 has a wealth of cosmetic items that can be... Analyst Claims Borderlands 3 Release In Summer 2018, No Red Dead Redemption 2 At E3 2017 Known industry analyst Michael Pachter has made some interesting predictions for E3 2017. Based... Bully 2: Kevin’s Back Jack PS4 Listing Surfaces Online, Release Date In Fall In a surprising bit of news that no one expected, a listing for Bully... Dissidia Final Fantasy NT Roster Could Have These Characters Square Enix just announced the Dissidia Final Fantasy game coming to the PlayStation 4... Pokemon GO Legendary Event Discovered In Chicago Niantic is cooking something up for this summer as the developer is set to... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home PCs The Full Nerd By Gordon Mah Ung, Brad Chacos, Adam Patrick Murray and Alaina Yee, PCWorld | Jun 5, 2017 11:36 PM PT About | PC hardware hot talk. News Analysis The Full Nerd Episode 24: Core Wars. AMD and Intel go nuts, RAID $$$ and a Radeon shortage Gordon, Adam, Alaina and Brad discuss the coming Core Wars, Intel's VROC, Nvidia's amazing Max-Q and the Radeon shortage Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. More like this The Full Nerd episode 23: AMD Threadripper vs Intel Core i9, Radeon Vega is... The Full Nerd Episode 22: Surface Laptop, Radeon driver ads, and GPU coolers The Full Nerd Episode 17: Ryzen price and performance leaks, GTX 1080 Ti vs.... Video How a motherboard is made In this week’s The Full Nerd, Gordon Mah Ung, Brad Chacos, Alaina Yee, and Adam Patrick Murray discuss Core Wars: A New Hope and how Intel and AMD have gone plumb crazy on cores and PCIe lanes. After that the crew goes to town explaining a new form of RAID to Pay Intel is exploring called RAID Shift 4 (try it on your keyboard.) Just what is Nvidia's Max-Q and how amazing is it?  Finally, Brad details AMD's latest Where in the World is Carmen Radeon? And because we like freedom of choice, you can watch the Full Nerd Episode 24 on YouTube here, or just click the play button below. Like and subscribe if you enjoy it! If you prefer just the audio, you can also listen to the Full Nerd on Soundcloud. You can subscribe to The Full Nerd in iTunes, and please leave a review if you enjoy the show. We’re also on Stitcher and Google Play, or you can point your favorite podcast-savvy RSS reader to: http://feeds.soundcloud.com/users/soundcloud:users:226190044/sounds.rss To find previous episodes of The Full Nerd, go here, or visit our SoundCloud page for the audio edition. Have a PC- or gaming-related question? Email thefullnerd@pcworld.com and we’ll try to answer it in the next episode. Be sure to follow PCWorld on Facebook or YouTube to watch our show live and pick our brains in real time. To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: PCs You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Routers & Networking Software Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / Computing / Desktop PC / Asus VivoMini VC66R Asus VivoMini VC66R 0 shares Read Comments By David Ludlow Updated: 06 June 2017 1 of 6 Summary Page 1: Asus VivoMini VC66R 6 Pictures Best Deals What is the Asus VivoMini VC66R? One of the main reasons for people not wanting to invest in a desktop PC is because of the associated bulk. However, computers don't have to be so huge, as the tiny Asus VivoMini VC66R shows. Despite its small size, the VivoMini doesn't sacrifice power and can do more than your average laptop. Available only on a build-to-order basis, the VC66R will hopefully be on mainstream sale later in the year. I've not yet given the VivoMini VC66R a rating due to its lack of a price in the UK. When Asus announces a price, I'll revisit this review to deliver my final verdict. Related: Best desktop PC Asus VivoMini VC66R – Design and Build I love the VivoMini VC66R: it's modern-looking, minimalist and very small (177 x 153 x 74mm). The case has a subtle dimpling effect, with a pattern of squares. It helps break up the case, giving it a fresher look. Although the VivoMini VC66R is compact, the case has everything that you could want on it. At the front, there are two USB 2.0 ports, a USB 3.0 port and a USB 3.1 Type-C port, with a headphone jack rounding off the options. At the rear, there are two further USB 3.0 ports, Gigabit Ethernet (802.11ac Wi-Fi is built-in), and an SDXC card reader. Arguably, the card reader would be better at the front of the PC, where it's easier to reach. That said, the VC66R is so small and light that it's easy enough to turn around. The rear houses the power input, provided by an external power brick. While an internal power supply can be neater, this would require a larger case, which wouldn't be ideal. There are HDMI, DisplayPort and DVI graphics outputs. As the VivoMini VC66R uses integrated Intel graphics, only the DisplayPort output supports 4K displays at 60Hz; the HDMI 1.4 output can only do 4K at 24Hz. Finally, there's a serial COM port on the back, should this be the kind of thing that you need. Flip over the case and pop out the four rubber feet, and the entire top lifts off to reveal the dual 2.5-inch drive bays mounted on a metal plate. Remove one more screw, and you can get into the main guts of the PC. You need to be careful with the cables and connectors, but from here you can get at the two RAM slots and the M.2 slot. It's nice to have this level of upgradability on so small a PC; traditionally, small-form-factor models are sealed and therefore aren't user upgradable. Asus VivoMini VC66R – Performance A lot of small computers use low-power processors for cooling reasons. I'm pleased to say that Asus has decided to fit a full, desktop-spec Intel processor. My sample was shipped with an Intel Kaby Lake, 7th-gen Core i7-7700 CPU. This has a base clock of 3.6GHz, although it can Turbo Boost to 4.2GHz when there's enough thermal headroom. That's really meaty for an ultra-compact PC. Even the larger HP Pavilion Wave could only manage a "T"-suffix processor, which denotes a lower-power version of Intel's desktop chips. Combined with 16GB of RAM, the VC66R is a veritable powerhouse, scoring an excellent 14,354 in the Geekbench 4 Multi-core test. I've seen faster results from larger Core i7 systems, since these typically have better cooling, allowing for greater and more sustained Turbo Boost. However, the VC66R can hardly be described as slow; it wipes the floor with systems that use low-power CPUs. There's no room for a graphics card, so the system is powered by the processor's integrated Intel HD Graphics 630 chip. This is more than fine for day-to-day desktop use in Windows 10, but the VC66R certainly isn't a gaming system. Running Minecraft full-screen at a resolution of 1080p, I saw smooth frame rates of between 51fps and 60fps. Anything more demanding won't run so well. Inside the case, Asus has room for two 2.5-inch hard disks (or SSDs), and there's an M.2 slot for faster storage. The model I reviewed shipped with a 128GB M.2 SATA SSD and a 1TB hard disk. I measured the M.2 SSD with a read speed of 562.8MB/sec and a write speed of 135.5MB/sec. That's rather average for an SSD, giving decent enough boot speeds. Ideally, I'd like to see Asus install an NVMe-based M.2 SSD with a slightly larger capacity: a minimum of 256GB feels about right for a modern computer. Having a hard disk for storage makes sense, and helps keep the price of the computer down. Compact computers can be noisy, with fans working overtime to keep the insides cool. Fortunately, this isn't the case with the VivoMini VC66R. When idle, the fans gently hum away, with the PC registering 45.5dB when measured from 15cm. During more processor-intensive tasks fan speed picks up, with the PC becoming considerably louder; at its peak I measured it at 62dB. First Impressions Offering better performance than a laptop, plus the option to upgrade, the Asus VivoMini VC66R is a top computer. Confirmed pricing isn't yet available – it will depend on the specific combination of hardware that goes on sale. However, prices for a Core i3 model with 4GB of RAM will start at around £500; expect to pay a chunk more for a Core i7 and an SSD. Even so, that seems like comparatively good value, and this is one computer that I'd love to see on general sale. 0 shares Read Comments Roy Barrett June 7, 2017, 6:15 pm this article just abruptly stops. Where do I buy one of these? ASUS's support is worthless. Is there a release date? I'm curious how well this runs Linux. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Advertisement Home News Mobile PC & Tablet Operator Apps Gaming TV & Audio Accessories Home appliance Camera Digital Compare Mobile PC & Tablet Reviews Mobile PC & Tablet Apps TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Gaming First Cut Gallery Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories Videos Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera Accessories App Web Gaming Product finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera Tv Refrigetator forum Recharge Top 5 Mobile Pc & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera How To Mobile PC & Tablet TV & Audio Home appliance Camera App हिन्दी Home » News » Digital » Intel's new processor: Intel core i9 series Intel's new processor: Intel core i9 series By: The Mobile Indian network, , New Delhi Last updated : Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - 11:46 Intel introduced its latest processor at Computex 2017 in Taipei Intel, recently, introduced a  new Intel i9 series and the 18-core core i9 extreme edition at Computex 2017, held at Taipei, . The i9 series is available in variants like 10-core Core i9-7900X, 12-core Core i9-7920X, 14-core Core i9-7940X,16-core Core i9-7960X and 18-core Core i9-7890XE extreme edition. All of the Intel i9 processor series has a base clock speed of 3.3 GHz. The Intel Core i9 extreme edition processor has 18 cores and 36 threads.   In India, the Core i9 Extreme editon is expected to be priced roughly around Rs 1, 30,000 while the 10-core Core i9 will be around Rs 64,500.    The Intel core i9 claims to meet the high performance needs of the consumer as it uses two fastest cores at higher frequency. When an extremely mega task is needed to be performed, it uses upto 18-cores. Multitasking can be easily done in the systems which have Intel’s core i9 series processor. This processor is ideal for all the gaming as well as hardware lover.  The Intel core i9 processor speeds the process of video editing, has immersive 4K visuals, high speed storage as well as memory.    All Core i9 series support quad-channel DDR4-2666 RAM.  This processor has the ability to handle the most demanding workloads. All of the Intel i9 processor uses the Intel's Turbo Boost technology which is activated when the os wants the processor to perform in the highest state.   While the 10-core Core i9 is all set to release in the month of June, 2017, the other variants,i.e, 12,14 and 16-core would be released somewhat in the mid of August 2017. The release date of the i9 Extreme edition is expected to be in the mid of 2018.  Intel Inter core i9 processors First Published : Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - 11:46 Advertisement Similar News Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs OnePlus 3T: Who will come out strong? Best time to buy home Appliances in India Top 5 Internet of Things Devices Vying for Consumers' Attention Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) Is Accessible Online Before It's Official Launch Apple Watch to get new features, Siri to be more intelligent Sony XZ Premium vs LG G6 Advertisement Hot Trend on TMI Top 5 Internet of Things Devices Vying for Consumers' Attention Apple's 2017 roadmap leaked Apple WWDC 2017: New iPad Pro model, Siri Speaker, iOS 11, and everything you need to know Chinese Malware ‘Fireball’ infects 250 million PCs: Here's what it can do and how to protect yourself Uber adds thank you feature to its app Use of Tech to make ICC Champions Trophy 2017 interesting Advertisement Advertisement Product Finder Advertisement FOLLOW US ON Facebook Twitter Google Plus Youtube How To on TMI How to find your lost smartphone in India How to enable YouTube's built-in Dark Mode How to use your Android smartphone camera as webcam How to bring back the old WhatsApp Messenger: Step-by-Step Guide How to enable Google Assistant on your Android smartphone Latest on TMI 01 Asus Launches PowerMaster App for Zenfone 3 Max series 02 Xiaomi Mi Note 3 render leaked, shows curved display 03 HTC U11 to launch in India soon 04 Motorola Moto Z2 Play vs OnePlus 3T: Who will come out strong? 05 Oppo F3 Plus gets a price cut of Rs 3,000 The Mobile Indian Latest Mobiles Sony Xperia XZ Premium Rs.59990 Yu Yureka Black Rs.8999 Samsung Galaxy S8+ 6GB Rs.74990 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Rs.11490 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 32GB Rs.16990 Samsung Galaxy J5 Prime 32GB Rs.14900 Advertisement   Know Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Articles News Reviews How To Top 5 Device Finder Mobiles Tablets Laptop Camera TV Refrigetator CONTACT US Contact Us Copyright © 2017 the mobile indian.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple YouTube’s most famous PC builder isn’t happy about Intel’s Core i9 Chris Mills BGR News June 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Last week, Intel dropped the biggest PC news of the last year. The new Core i9 processor series appears to be a big change from the status quo, an attempt to put insanely powerful processors within the reach of home PC builders. By and large, the PC community had the exact reaction you’d expect: excitement, followed by frantic checking of bank accounts. But for Linus Sebastian, the brains behind Linus Tech Tips and YouTube’s most famous PC nerd, the reality of Intel’s new product lineup doesn’t match the hype. Don't Miss: Google Home outage hits users, ‘100 percent failure rate’ reported In a fifteen-minute rant, Sebastian explains what he thinks are Intel’s less-than-honest motives behind the new i9 and X-series processors and motherboards. You should watch the video to get an understanding of the technical details he’s picking on, but the bottom line is that he thinks Intel cooked up the i9 platform as a response to AMD’s new Threadripper series, not as an honest attempt to push home computing forwards. There’s a number of little details that do point that way. Intel has hinted that a lot of the top-end performance of its new chips will be handicapped if you don’t also buy Intel motherboards and Intel SSDs, which is quite blatantly not in the best interests of high-end PC builders. And then there’s the problem of vaporware. Most of the really exciting stuff that Intel announced last week won’t be ready until the end of the year, which is a much longer wait-for-availability than Intel usually has after the announcement of a new product. It reeks of the fact that this is a reactionary move to steal the spotlight from AMD, rather than a long-planned rollout of a new product line. Ultimately, it’s the messenger that makes the message in this case. Sebastian’s YouTube channel, Linus Tech Tips, is known for a fairly heavy level of commercialization and collaboration with big tech companies, including Intel. You’re much more likely to see a video sponsored by Intel than one tearing Intel apart, which makes this particular rant all the more real. For such a big player to break from the script and annoy the biggest processor company on earth isn’t a common occurrence, so more than ever it’s worth taking note. Trending right now: iOS 11 beta 1 is now available to download Yet another study shows Verizon and T-Mobile are the fastest networks New leak gives us a better look at the iPhone 8’s awesome redesign See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Finance No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,534 Reviews & Articles | 55,578 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News CPU, APU & Chipsets Intel's next-gen Coffee Lake CPUs delayed into 2018 Intel's next-gen Coffee Lake CPUs reportedly delayed until 2018 By: Anthony Garreffa | CPU, APU & Chipsets News | Posted: 2 days, 8 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA AMD is stomping all over Intel right now with Ryzen and their new HEDT platform with Ryzen ThreadRipper, and now the pain continues with Intel reportedly delaying the release of their upcoming Coffee Lake CPUs until February 2018.     The company reportedly presented its partners with a new deck at Computex detailing that their new 14/16/18-core CPUs won't be released until February 2018. These parts will arrive with a new LGA 1151 V2 socket making the new Coffee Lake CPUs not compatible with current LGA 1151 motherboards, which will not have current LGA 1151 owners happy at all. We should expect a Kaby Lake refresh in the coming months, with Coffee Lake pushed into 2018. >> NEXT STORY: Pokemon Direct announced for tomorrow << PREVIOUS STORY: PlayStation VR tops 1 million sales Related Tags Intel Intel Coffee Lake Coffee Lake Intel next-gen Intel 2018 CPU AMD Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Galaxy Note 8 reportedly launching in late August Vintage Apple sneakers auction starts at $15,000 Microsoft trademarks 'Direct Reality' ahead of E3 2017 Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz with liquid helium DICE's Frostbite doesn't play well with RPGsView More News Posts Forum Activity Asrock Z97 pro4 motherboard - Bios update? BETA? AZIO Armato Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review GIGABYTE's Computex 2017 Suite Tour and New Products FSP CMT210 Mid-Tower Chassis Review ASROCK Vision X 321B/W, Intel i5-3210M video display issuesView More Forum Posts Press Releases Full E3 Coliseum lineup announced G.SKILL memory breaks DDR4 5.5GHz world record barrier LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i AwardView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. Follow us on:   RealMoney Home Asset Class US Equity Global Equity & Income Fixed Income Commodities Currencies Specialty Sector Basic Materials Consumer Cyclicals Consumer Staples Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Real Estate Technology Telecom Services Transportation Utilities Latest Articles Videos Columnist Conversations Author Jim Cramer Jim "Rev Shark" DePorre Jack Mohr Roger Arnold Daniel Dicker Eric Jackson Chris Laudani Helene Meisler Tim Melvin Brian Sozzi - See All - Street Notes TheStreet RMPIA Switch to Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stockpickr Stocks Under $10 TheStreet Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks US Equity 7 Key Takeaways From Apple's WWDC Hardware and Software Announcements By Eric Jhonsa Follow  | Jun 05, 2017 | 11:01 PM EDT Tweet 0Comment Email Print Tweet Comment 0 Stock quotes in this article: aapl, amd, intc, FB, googl, nvda Though the keynote address at Apple's (AAPL)  annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) always has its fill of product news, this year's edition was especially announcement-packed, since the usual software refreshes were accompanied by a large dose of hardware unveilings. In addition to iOS, macOS, watchOS, app and API updates, we got new iMacs and iPads, MacBook upgrades and the HomePod speaker (covered here). Here are some key takeaways on what was announced: The High-End PC Market Still Matters a Lot to Apple For a while, it looked like Apple was treating the Mac as a legacy business, reducing the attention it was given as it directed more resources towards its mobile hardware and pitched the iPad Pro as a notebook alternative. But with PC sales and usage stabilizing even as tablet sales continue to fall, and the high-end PC market looking especially healthy, the company made it clear at WWDC that the Mac remains a priority. The new 27-inch iMac Pro is getting a lot of attention thanks to its eye-popping specs. The workstation, which starts at a steep $4,999, supports 8-to-18 core Intel (INTC)  Xeon CPUs, will feature a high-end AMD (AMD)  GPU based on the company's next-gen Vega architecture and supports up to 128GB of RAM and 4TB of flash storage. Just as notable as the specs, though, is the fact that Apple is unveiling the iMac Pro 6 months before it ships, lest customers frustrated over the fact that its predecessor (the second-gen Mac Pro) hadn't been updated since 2013. The new standard iMacs -- available in 21.5-inch and 27-inch models, and priced from $1,099 to $2,299 -- are also worthy of attention: They feature improved displays, along with CPU, GPU, memory, storage and connectivity improvements. And a 4K 21.5-inch iMac can now be had for $1,299, $200 less than before. Along the same lines, Apple is now selling a 13-inch MacBook Pro that lacks an OLED Touch Bar for $1,299, after previously setting a $1,499 start price. Both 13-inch and 15-inch Pro models were refreshed to feature CPUs based on Intel's Kaby Lake architecture, which launched last fall, as was the 12-inch MacBook. The fact Apple delivered a hardware update for MacBook Pros only launched 7 months ago says something about how much the business still matters to the company. Mac sales rose 14% annually in the March quarter, and accounted for 11% of total revenue. On the other hand, it looks like Apple is slowly killing off its relatively cheap MacBook Air, which hadn't been refreshed since March 2015. The Air, now only available in a 13-inch model, did get a minor CPU update. However, the new CPU isn't a Kaby Lake part, but based on Intel's Broadwell architecture, which launched in 2014. Apple's Strategy For Stabilizing iPad Sales Revolves Around the iPad Pro The iPad Pro has been a relative strong point for Apple as iPad sales have joined the broader tablet market's in slumping. The iPad hardware and software just shown off, together with a continued lack of updates for the 7.9-inch iPad Mini (last updated in 2015), show how much Apple's tablet business is now focused on appealing to enthusiasts, creative professionals and potential notebook switchers. As rumored, a 10.5-inch iPad Pro featuring thinner bezels (and the same form factor) than its 9.7-inch predecessor was announced, as was a refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro. The devices feature much-improved displays and processors (a technology called ProMotion improves the display refresh rate to 120Hz, and automatically adjusts it based on content), and double storage capacities across price tiers. The 10.5-inch model has a $649 start price, $50 more than what Apple used to charge for the 9.7-inch model. On the software side, Apple announced iPads running iOS 11 would feature an app dock that can be pulled up from any app by swiping up, and let users launch apps in standalone or split-view mode. Users can also drag and drop content between apps shown in split-view mode, and scan launched apps in a manner similar to macOS' Mission Control mode. It's all very PC-like, as is the new iOS file-browsing app Apple just announced. Convincing consumers to ditch their notebooks for iPad Pros will still often be a challenge, but Apple's sales pitch is now a little stronger. Apple is Getting Serious About Augmented Reality ARKit, a set of developer programming interfaces (APIs) arriving with iOS 11, is Apple's entry into the rapidly-expanding field of software platforms that make it possible to place (with the help of AI) relevant digital content on top of a real-world camera view. Examples shown at WWDC include throwing a ball down a street in Pokemon Go, and taking apart and assembling a Lego Batmobile. Developers will no doubt think of plenty of others. ARKit competes to a degree with Facebook's  (FB) recently-launched Camera Effects AR platform. And perhaps also the World Lenses feature recently built into Snapchat. But those platforms are respectively tied to Facebook and Snap's apps. If they succeed, that wouldn't necessarily prevent ARKit from being widely used by other developers. The ARKit launch, which comes amid reports Apple is working on AR glasses that could launch next year and plans to include a 3D-sensing front camera on the iPhone 8, might motivate Alphabet/Google (GOOGL) to rethink its Android AR strategy. The company has a powerful AR/indoor mapping platform called Tango that developers can write apps for, along with a new home-grown service called Google Lens that adds useful information and content to a camera view. But Tango requires phones with specialized hardware to work, and is thus available on only one Android phone (Lenovo's bulky Phab 2 Pro) to date. To keep pace with Apple, Google needs much broader hardware support. Though It's Not Easy, Apple is Trying Hard to Keep Pace With Google In AI As expected, Apple frequently talked up its machine learning investments during its WWDC keynote. The company discussed its use of AI to do everything from having Siri surface content and make typing suggestions based on a user's past activity, to automatically grouping photos taken at the same event, improving battery life by understanding user activity, and automatically translating voice commands. The company also unveiled Core ML, a set of APIs that will let developers use machine learning models Apple has created for tasks such as speech, vision and text analysis. It arrives less than a month after Google announced TensorFlow Lite, an open-source AI software library that can be run on mobile devices. It complements several machine learning APIs provided via the Google Cloud Platform. As the abilities of services such as Google Assistant, Lens, Translate and Photos show, Google still arguably has an AI lead against Apple and other consumer tech giants. And Apple's strategy of only running machine learning algorithms against its users' data on their devices (done for privacy reasons) could prove a handicap when it comes to optimizing its algorithms. But like Google, Facebook, Amazon and Microsoft, it has clearly made AI a priority. Keeping Software and User Interfaces Simple is Still an Apple Obsession Many of iOS 11's new features are focused on making the OS more intuitive, and/or integrating different parts of it. These include the new app dock, easier iPad app switching, better integration between the notification and lock screen and the consolidation of Control Center icons (previously found on three pages) onto one page. Likewise, Apple is rolling out a Files app that provides an integrated view of a user's local and cloud-hosted files, overhauling its Photos app to automatically group images and cleaning up its App Store interface. And a new "Do Not Disturb While Driving" feature is effective at doing what its name implies. Android has made big strides in recent years in terms of becoming simpler and more intuitive, and the next version (code named Android O) should yield additional gains. But as Monday's announcements show, iOS is still unmatched in this respect. Apple's Hardware and Chip Engineering Remain Core Competitive Advantages Examples of this abounded during the WWDC keynote. They include the A10X Fusion processor powering the new iPad Pros -- they pair 3 high-performance CPU cores with 3 low-power cores and a 12-core GPU -- and the audio technologies built into the HomePod that allow it to simulate surround sound. They also include the new iPad Pros' ProMotion display tech, and the tremendous amount of processing power built into the iMac Pro's sleek form factor. Apple is still very good at using hardware and chip engineering to differentiate its products, both in terms of their practical features and raw specs. Not much more needs to be said here. AMD is Clearly in Apple's Good Graces Some of the MacBook Pro models announced last October supported AMD's mid-range Polaris GPUs. At WWDC, Apple followed that up by announcing all of its 4K and 5K iMacs will feature AMD GPUs. In addition, an AMD GPU will now come standard on the 15-inch MacBook Pro; it previously cost extra. AMD shares rose 3.1% on Monday amid the news. They're roughly flat in 2017, after having skyrocketed in 2016. Considering the extent to which Nvidia (NVDA)  has dominated the high-end GPU market, Apple's support for AMD makes for a nice vote of confidence. TheStreet's Eric Jhonsa previously covered Apple's WWDC keynote via live blog. Get an email alert each time I write an article for Real Money. Click the "+Follow" next to my byline to this article. More From Eric Jhonsa Tesla's Giant Run-Up Means The Company Has a Much Smaller Margin of Error Apple Watch Appears on Its Way to Becoming a $6 Billion Business Apple's HomePod Speaker Goes After Sonos More Than Amazon and Google Columnist Conversations Robert Lang: Alibaba Taking Flight Today Today we see BABA with a big jump higher on a revenue boost.  just a few weeks ago I put this out here on... Robert Lang: Webinar After the Close I am doing this week's webinar today Wednesday as I will be with my daughter as she graduates from HS tomorrow... Gary Morrow: PANW's Momentum Slowing PANW appears to be running out of steam this week following its huge June 1st breakout(earnings).  The st... Robert Lang: Big SPY Flow Trade Has My Attention As a follower of big option flow, I noticed a big buyer of the July 247 SPY call strikes yesterday, 200000 of ... See all » BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» REAL MONEY'S BEST IDEAS SEE MORE» News Breaks Powered by See More » BROKERAGE PARTNERS Select the service that's right for you! COMPARE ALL SERVICES >> Action Alerts PLUS Portfolio Manager Jim Cramer and the AAP Team reveal their investment tactics while giving advanced notice before every trade. Product Features: $2.5+ million portfolio Large-cap and dividend focus Intraday trade alerts from Cramer Weekly roundups Real Money Pro All of Real Money, plus 15 more of Wall Street's sharpest minds delivering actionable trading ideas, a comprehensive look at the market, and fundamental and technical analysis. Product Features: Real Money + Doug Kass plus 15 more Wall Street Pros Intraday commentary and news Ultra-actionable trading ideas Trifecta Stocks Trifecta Stocks analyzes over 4,000 equities weekly to find the elite 1% of stocks that pass rigorous quantitative, fundamental and technical tests. Product Features: Model portfolio Trade alerts Recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks Stocks Under $10 The SU10 Team uncovers low dollar stocks with serious upside potential that are flying under Wall Street's radar. Product Features: Model portfolio Stocks trading below $10 Intraday trade alerts Weekly roundups Quant Ratings Access the tool that dominates the Russell 2000 & the S&P 500. Product Features: Buy, hold, or sell recommendations for over 4,300 stocks Unlimited research reports on your favorite stocks A custom stock screener Upgrade/downgrade alerts Top Stocks With Top Stocks, Helene Meisler uses short and long-term indicators to pinpoint imminent breakouts in stocks. Product Features: Daily trading ideas and technical analysis Daily market commentary and analysis Except as otherwise indicated, quotes are delayed. Quotes delayed at least 20 minutes for all exchanges. Market Data provided by Interactive Data. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings and ratings provided by Zacks. Mutual fund data provided by Valueline. ETF data provided by Lipper. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. TheStreet Ratings updates stock ratings daily. However, if no rating change occurs, the data on this page does not update. The data does update after 90 days if no rating change occurs within that time period. IDC calculates the Market Cap for the basic symbol to include common shares only. Year-to-date mutual fund returns are calculated on a monthly basis by Value Line and posted mid-month. About Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Customer Service Advertise With Us © 1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. SPONSORED LINKS SPONSORED LINKS
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Computex 2017 Intel CPUs GPUs Mobile AMD Smartphones Motherboards Laptops Home> Laptops Apple Refreshes Mac Laptops: Pro, Vanilla, & Air All Get New CPUs by Ryan Smith on June 5, 2017 10:20 PM EST Posted in Laptops Apple MacBook Pro MacBook MacBook Air Kaby Lake 43 Comments | Add A Comment 43 Comments + Add A Comment Today at their annual Worldwide Developer Conference, the company announced a slew of hardware updates for their entire range of laptops. Every last laptop, from the mighty MacBook Pro to the humble MacBook Air is getting some sort of CPU or platform update. As a result, Apple has a full family of refreshed laptops for the summer, all of which improve on their predecessor in one or more ways. We’ll start with the MacBook Pro and MacBook, Apple’s two modern laptop families. Both of these laptops have received their long-awaited update to Intel’s 7th generation Kaby Lake platform. Kaby Lake, for a quick refresher, uses the same Skylake CPU core as Intel’s 6th gen Skylake platform, but enjoys a modest frequency boost due to Intel's 14nm+ manufacturing process. Meanwhile on the graphics side of matters, all of these CPUs come with a newer media block that offers full hardware encode and decode of 10-bit HEVC. This is an important distinction since Apple will be supporting HEVC on macOS 10.13 High Sierra. There are no other major changes to the underlying Kaby Lake platform, so other than the clockspeed boost and improved media decoder, Kaby Lake is a conceptually simple update from Skylake. 2017 MacBook Lineup Model 2016 (Base) 2017 (Base) Dimensions 0.35 - 1.31 cm x 28.05 cm x 19.65 cm Weight 2.03 lbs (0.92 kg) CPU Intel Core m3-6Y30 (Skylake), cTDP Up Base: 1.1GHz Boost: 2.2GHz Intel Core m3-7Y32 (Kaby Lake), cTDP Up Base: 1.2GHz Boost: 3.0GHz GPU Intel HD Graphics 515 Intel HD Graphics 615 Display 12-inch 2304x1440 IPS LCD sRGB Gamut Memory 8GB LPDDR3-1866 8GB LPDDR3-2133 SSD 256GB PCIe SSD 256GB PCIe SSD (Newer Generation) I/O 1 x USB 3.1 (Gen 1) Type-C 3.5mm combo jack Battery Capacity 41.4 Wh Battery Life 10 Hours Price $1299 $1299 Accordingly, Apple has only made minimal other internal changes to these laptops. The MacBook does get a newer SSD – presumably the latest Apple design to replace its existing Apple SSD – which Apple states is up to 50% faster than the previous SSD. Surprisingly, the company is now also offering a 16GB memory option on the laptop, an interesting development since they were already using a full suite of chips to get to 8GB; so a teardown will be necessary to see how they’re getting to 16GB. 2017 MacBook Pro Lineup Model 2016 13" (non-touch) 2017 13" (non-touch) 2016 15" 2017 15" Dimensions 1.49 cm x 30.41 cm x 21.24 cm 1.55 cm x 34.93 cm x 24.07 cm Weight 3.02 lbs (1.37 kg) 4.02 lbs (1.83 kg) CPU 2.0GHz Core i5-6360U (Skylake) 2.3GHz i5-7360U (Kaby Lake) 2.6GHz Core i7-6700HQ (Skylake) 2.8GHz Core i7-7700HQ (Kaby Lake) GPU Intel Iris Graphics 540 Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 Intel HD Graphics 530 + AMD Radeon Pro 450 (2GB) Intel HD Graphics 630 + AMD Radeon Pro 555 (2GB) Display 13" 2560 x 1600 IPS LCD DCI-P3 Gamut 15" 2880 x 1800 IPS LCD DCI-P3 Gamut Memory 8GB LPDDR3-1866 8GB LPDDR3-2133 16GB LPDDR3-2133 SSD 256GB PCIe SSD 128GB PCIe SSD 256GB PCIe SSD Touch Bar No Yes I/O 2x Thunderbolt 3 (supports DP1.2 & USB 3.1 Gen 2 modes), 3.5mm Audio 4x Thunderbolt 3 (supports DP1.2 & USB 3.1 Gen 2 modes), 3.5mm Audio Battery Capacity 54.5 Wh 76 Wh Battery Life 10 Hours 10 Hours Price $1499 $1299 $2399 $2399 Meanwhile the 15” MacBook Pro is receiving a dGPU update. Apple has replaced the AMD Radeon Pro 400 series options with the Radeon Pro 500 series, which is comprised of the Radeon Pro 555 and Radeon Pro 560, Like the previous 400 series, both 500 series parts are based on AMD’s Polaris 11 GPU. Otherwise, Apple hasn’t made any internal or external changes to these laptops. They all have the same screens, same ports, same finishes, etc, as the 2016. And the Touch Bar is still present on all of the 15” SKUs and the higher-end 13” SKUs. So if you want a Touch Bar, you need to buy a more expensive SKU (or alternatively, a lower-end 13” if you don’t want the Touch Bar).  Finally, Apple has added a second low-end MBP 13” SKU with a smaller 128GB SSD, which has pushed the price of the cheapest model down from $1499 to $1299 as of the refreshed laptops. All of these updated laptops should be available from Apple on June 7th. MacBook Air Meanwhile in a surprising turn of events, Apple has given the 13” MacBook Air a minor speed boost. The laptop has languished without a real update for a couple of years now, still using Intel’s 5th generation Broadwell CPUs and a now dated low-DPI TN screen. Nonetheless, it’s still one of Apple’s more popular laptops due to its sub-$1000 starting price, which seems to be disrupting any plans to actually discontinue the laptop. As a result, Apple has given it a minor, late-lifetime speed boost. 2017 MacBook Air Lineup Model 2016 (Base) 2017 (Base) Dimensions 0.30 - 1.70 cm x 32.5 cm x 22.7 cm Weight 2.96 lbs (1.35 kg) CPU 1.6GHz Core i5-5250U 1.8GHz Core i5-5350U GPU Intel HD Graphics 6000 @ 950MHz Intel HD Graphics 6000 @ 1000MHz Display 13-inch 1440x900 TN LCD Memory 8GB LPDDR3-1600 SSD 128GB PCIe SSD I/O 2x USB 3.0 Type-A 1x Thunderbolt 2 SDXC Card Reader 3.5mm Audio Battery Capacity 54 Wh Battery Life 12 Hours Price $999 $999 The updated laptop retains the use of Intel’s Broadwell processor, but the base configurations now uses a faster chip, Intel’s Core i5-5350U, instead of the slower i5-5250U. As hinted at by the minor model number change, this is not a massive difference – both the base and the boost clock are 200MHz faster, for 1.8GHz base and 2.9GHz boost – but it is none the less a tangible performance improvement for Apple’s entry-level laptop. Otherwise, Apple has not made any other changes. It’s still the same size with the same panel and the same I/O, including the now dated Thunderbolt 2 port. Still, it buys the laptop a bit more time, at least until Apple can figure out what the future of their entry-level laptop model should be. Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 43 Comments View All Comments ltcommanderdata - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link Is HEVC support in High Sierra going to be Kaby Lake exclusive and require full hardware encoders and decoders or will the partial/hybrid acceleration in Skylake and Broadwell be supported as well? Back when H.264 acceleration was added to OS X, Apple did not support partial hardware acceleration for the GeForce 7xxx or Radeon X1xxx series, although this was so long ago it probably isn't a good comparison. Reply mdriftmeyer - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link If you watch the keynote it's software for non-HEVC hardware enabled and hardware based for systems that have that on-board. Reply ThreeDee912 - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link http://www.anandtech.com/show/9483/intel-skylake-r... Anandtech previously reported that Skylake apparently does have a full HEVC encode/decode support. A footnote on Apple's High Sierra page says that "The playback of 4K HEVC content requires a Mac with a sixth‑generation Intel Core processor or newer", so I guess older systems will use software decode instead and might have issues with 4K. Reply ThreeDee912 - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link 6th gen being Skylake, of course. Reply Penti - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Full 10-bit support requires Kaby Lake. Reply Santoval - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link It depends on how you define "full". If you define it by 8 bit HEVC encode/decode but no 10 bit then you are technically right. Reply Morawka - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link i dont understand why apple is using broadwell CPU's in the new Macbook Air. The only reasons i can think of are anti-consumer/anti-cannibalism practices. Reply DanNeely - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link Because a newer CPU would require designing a new mobo to support it; and the MBA is on life support at the moment; and will presumably be killed off whenever they're willing/able to drop the price of the 1port macbook by a hundred dollars or two. Reply Dug - Monday, June 05, 2017 - link Does seem odd. People like the form factor, although the weight is the basically same as MacBook Pro. I would question the low res screen. Why even bother. Reply Eug - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Cost. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Enermax Launches MaxTytan: 80 Plus Titanium, Up to 1250 W, Integrated Power Meter ASRock Demos X399 ‘ThreadRipper’ Motherboards: M.2, U.2, 10 GbE, & More Apple Refreshes iPad Pro Lineup: A10X Fusion SoC for 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models ASUS Unveils Three Strix Gaming Monitors: FreeSync & High Refresh Rates The HTC U11 Giveaway: Win a Launch-Day Smartphone HP Updates Their OMEN Gaming Lineup: Desktops, Notebooks, eGFX, and Displays Apple Refreshes Mac Laptops: Pro, Vanilla, & Air All Get New CPUs Lower Cost 10GBase-T Switches Coming: 4, 5 and 8-port Aquantia Solutions at ~$30/Port Intel Announces SSD DC P4501 Low-Power NVMe SSD With 3D NAND MSI Shows Off GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X Card with USB Type-C Port Thecus Announces $130 and $200 Entry-Level NASes For Home Users AMD Announces Radeon Pro WX 3100 & WX 2100: Entry-Level Polaris Pro Cards TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte The UI was definitely doing 120Hz scrolling at times. 60Hz isn't un-smooth by any means, but 120Hz looks even better IanCutress: Everytime I fly back w/ partner connect, landing @British_Airways in LHR, they ignore/strips my Gold/Emerald priority tags off. 2 bags today IanCutress: @juneofla @CatManAsh I called my cat Kat. Short for Katamari, but she's basically always called Kitty. The small on… https://t.co/iDA8Vsqubh RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte To further elaborate, it does when the performance is there and you're not running framerate-locked conte… https://t.co/yNUBvsXpx4 IanCutress: Come on @BBCSport, spot the stupid stat bar that means absolutely the wrong thing in this context https://t.co/ReuUjezDKS IanCutress: @InstLatX64 SKL-S being 4/12/44? IanCutress: Virtu smartphone. 283900 NTD ~$9435 USD in duty free https://t.co/gIbMwDZlUB RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 I honestly haven't heard anything, but that doesn't mean they're not out there RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Apple PMs have been good. When they don't know something they tend to tell us, rather than presume/guess. It's nice RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte And this is why Tim Cook said dithering and not a native 10-bit panel in his keynote address ganeshts: A great update to PCMark from @Futuremark ; A few more tweaks could make it even more attractive! cc @mccallry https://t.co/lLqqNkkMxI ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
nzherald.co.nz Business Friday, 09 June 2017 Sign into your NZ Herald Register here Find out more My News Your news how you want it. On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later. Find out more Register now NZ Herald  > Business New Zealand Regional News Sport Business Property Technology World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Rural Driven Motoring News Video Photos Puzzles & Quizzes Classifieds Crime Politics Health News NZ Herald Focus Infographics Property Weather NZH Local Focus The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today Rotorua Daily Post Wanganui Chronicle Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Rugby League Cricket Football Netball Basketball Golf Motorsport Sailing Hockey Tennis Bowls UFC Boxing Athletics Triathlon Racing American Sports Small Business Business Opinion Personal Finance Currency Table Economy Business Travel Deloitte 200 Property Herald Homes True Commercial Spy TV Movies Books Music Culture Sideswipe Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Relationships Wellbeing Pets & Animals Bite Viva Canvas Horoscopes Africa Americas Asia Australia Europe Middle East NZ Travel Pacific Sudoku Codecracker Crosswords Wordsearch Daily quizzes Super Rugby All Blacks Lions Tour Rugby Champs NPC Six Nations Black Caps Domestic Cricket F1 V8 Rallying NZ Motorsport Indycar Motorcycling Speedway NASCAR Drifting Driven Motoring Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trending Topics America's Cup racing London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions tour Weather Weather Home Kaitaia Whangarei Dargaville Auckland Thames Tauranga Hamilton Whakatane Rotorua Tokoroa Te Kuiti Taumarunui Taupo Gisborne New Plymouth Napier Hastings Dannevirke Whanganui Palmerston North Levin Paraparaumu Masterton Wellington Motueka Nelson Blenheim Westport Reefton Kaikoura Greymouth Hokitika Christchurch Ashburton Timaru Wanaka Oamaru Queenstown Dunedin Gore Invercargill NZME Network NZ Herald The Northern Advocate The Northland Age The Aucklander Hamilton News Bay Of Plenty Times Rotorua Daily Post Hawke's Bay Today Wanganui Chronicle The Stratford Press Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Viva Bite Spy Driven Motoring True Commercial The Country NZ Herald Insights Chinese Herald NewsPix WatchMe iHeart Radio GrabOne follow NZ herald on: Newstalk ZB The difference is opinion From breaking news to debate and conversation, we bring NZ the news as it happens. Grab One Grab life by the deals Do more of the things you love, and get more of the things you need, for less. About NZME Help & Support Contact Us Subscribe to NZ Herald Manage Your Subscription NZ Herald Digital Edition Advertise with NZME Book Your Ad Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017 NZME. Publishing Limited Breaking news: Air NZ CEO Christopher Luxon at IATA 6 Jun, 2017 12:45pm Quick Read NZ commodity prices rise 3 per cent in May 6 Jun, 2017 1:24pm Quick Read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. BUSINESS Apple goes wild, releases tons of new gear and moves on AR/VR 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 5 minutes to read × The new iMac packs a punch, but it doesn't come cheap. Photo / Juha Saarinen NZ Herald Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × After turning a deaf ear for too long, Apple has heard power users who want computers that can keep up with new applications, and released new iMacs, MacBooks and iPad Pros. It's quite the ketchup bottle effect: with nothing arriving for a long while, the amount of new hardware suddenly released in front of 5300 conference goers at Apple's annual Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose was a surprise. Then again, Apple could hardly sit idle while other vendors released gear that's powerful enough to for professionals to work with virtual and augmented reality applications, so there was definitely a sense of urgency around the new hardware. iMacs, which hadn't been updated for two years, leading people to think the desktop computer is dead for Apple, were refreshed with better displays (10-bit colour), the latest Intel processors and the ability to take larger amounts of memory: up to 32 gigabytes for the 21.5-inch model, and 64 gigabytes for the 27-inch ones. Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Faster AMD Radeon Pro graphics cards are also available for the iMacs, and the hybrid solid-state/spinning disk Fusion drives are now standard. It looks like the new iMacs will provide decent performance, but won't come cheap. A 27-inch Retina 5K iMac specced up with 32GB of 2400MHz DDR4 and a 2TB Fusion drive memory costs $4709 for instance. Apple also put faster components into the MacBook Pro laptops. Now there are Kaby Lake processors from Intel, better AMD Radeon Pro graphics, faster solid state storage but oddly enough, you still can't go higher than 16GB of system memory. Intel's 7th-gen processors are now also in the lightweight MacBook, ditto quicker SSD storage, making them up to a fifth faster. The 12-inch MacBook is a great portable, but I had hoped the new processors would make it last longer than the specified 10 hours on battery. As expected, the A10 Fusion chip set from the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus found its way into new iPad Pros, in the A10X guise. There's now a 10.5-inch screen model, with the 9.7-inch one being discontinued. Why the slightly larger screen? Well, Apple said the bigger screen makes a full-sized onscreen keyboard fit. The Smart Keyboard accessory for the 10.5-inch is also full size, making it more comfortable to type on with large hands. The 120 Hertz refresh rate for the screen promises better responsiveness with the Apple Pencil. Not that it felt laggy before. Also, the screens are brighter at 600 nits, and use the P3 wide-colour gamut and are even less reflective than before. Both the 10.5-inch and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro have USB 3 circuits for quicker file transfers, whereas the 9.7-incher anomalously had the slower and older USB 2 in a device aimed at graphics, photo and video work. You can order the iPad Pros with up to 512GB of storage, and they should be plenty fast: Alasdair Coull, the creative director from Peter Jackson's Wingnut AR offshoot, demoed an augmented reality game on stage at WWDC 2017 that ran very smoothly despite requiring the sort of processing power that meant having a large desktop tower not so long ago. Apple hops aboard the VR and AR bandwagons Speaking of virtual and augmented realities, WWDC 2017 provided yet another opportunity for yours truly to don a pair of VR goggles to look silly in. Here I am, checking out a Final Cut Pro setup with an external Thunderbolt 3 storage array, running on one of the new Macs: The scenery that I saw was a walkthrough of Hawaii, and it was fairly realistic with positional audio enhancing the effect. I didn't dare to move around much, and was disappointed that there was no Apple VR gear... the goggles work, but I'd prefer lighter ones with nicer design, and higher resolution display and some sort of warning system for when you're about to bump into people and things. That's me being a bit claustro, so maybe I'll just stick to AR games for now. Not ready yet: the iMac Pro and Siri Speak... sorry, HomePod The iMacs above will no doubt be really quick and perfectly usable computers, but Apple teased the new Pro version which makes them seem a bit meh, really. I mean, who wouldn't want an iMac that can have up to 18 cores of Intel Xeon processor goodness, and 128GB of memory, not to mention AMD Pro Vega graphics? If that doesn't make you drool, you can stop reading this bit now, but the long and short of it is that the iMac Pro looks set to be an extremely quick machine, and work great for demanding graphics, video, yes VR/AR, and that somewhat scary application, machine learning. We'll see how the iMac Pro performs (and how much it'll cost in New Zealand) by December, which is a long time to wait. Also, I imagine this means that's that for an updated Mac Pro. The iMac Pro will be a niche machine, but the HomePod (shouldn't it have been Siri Speaker?) is definitely mass-market and should've been ready by now and not December. Apart from being able to go "Hey Siri" to the HomePod, which will be aimed at devices like Amazon's Echo when it comes out and have the speaker look things up for you - Apple has had to expand Siri's capabilities for this, and work out a way to keep your queries and orders safe for privacy reasons - the thing promises great sound with a 4-inch bass element and separate tweeters, and easy multi-room setup. There's an Apple A8 chip inside the HomePod to handle all the audio processing and privacy protection that Siri is vaunted for. Again, we'll see how the US$349 (NZ$489) Mac Pro cylinder-like HomePod works in practice in a few months' time - and if it will scare other vendors into action to come up with something as advanced. There was a colossal amount of new things announced at the WWDC 2017. This includes the MacOS High Sierra desktop/laptop and iOS 11 operating systems, which will be in beta soon and which deserve separate looks. Share via email Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Show more Bookmark this article Share on Facebook facebook Share on Twitter twitter Share via email email Share on LinkedIn linkedin Share on Google Plus google-plus Share on Whatsapp whatsapp Share on Pinterest pinterest Share on Reddit reddit × Trending Topics America's Cup latest London Bridge terror attack UK election The Lions Latest from Business BUSINESS Fibre rollout racing ahead, says Chorus 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Would this block you from a home loan? 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 3 minutes to read BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 4 minutes to read BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 6 Jun, 2017 1:10pm 3 minutes to read Latest News Most Read SPORT The Latest: First women's semifinal underway in Paris 9 Jun, 2017 1:40am 3 minutes to read WORLD Montenegro court confirms indictments against 2 Russians 9 Jun, 2017 1:40am 2 minutes to read WORLD Remains of World War II soldier returning home to Tennessee 9 Jun, 2017 1:40am Quick Read WORLD British man acquitted of murder in death of Kenyan lover 9 Jun, 2017 1:35am Quick Read SPORT From Warriors to ABs for bolter Laumape 8 Jun, 2017 2:43pm 5 minutes to read LIFESTYLE Why you should never dry clothes indoors 8 Jun, 2017 1:39pm 2 minutes to read WORLD Will Trump survive bombshell? 8 Jun, 2017 3:04pm 5 minutes to read SPORT Lions bring in big guns to face Crusaders 8 Jun, 2017 6:05pm 2 minutes to read Advertisement Advertise with NZME. Currency converter: Amount: From this currency: New Zealand Dollars (NZD) Australia Dollars (AUD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) To this currency: Australia Dollars (AUD) New Zealand Dollars (NZD) United States Dollars (USD) Euro (EUR) United Kingdom Pounds (GBP) Japan Yen (JPY) China Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Canada Dollars (CAD) South Africa Rand (ZAR) Emirati Dirham (AED) Afghan Afghani (AFN) Albanian Lek (ALL) Armenian Dram (AMD) Dutch Guilder (ANG) Angolan Kwanza (AOA) Argentine Peso (ARS) Australian Dollar (AUD) Aruban or Dutch Guilder (AWG) Azerbaijani New Manat (AZN) Bosnian Convertible Marka (BAM) Barbadian or Bajan Dollar (BBD) Bangladeshi Taka (BDT) Bulgarian Lev (BGN) Bahraini Dinar (BHD) Burundian Franc (BIF) Bermudian Dollar (BMD) Bruneian Dollar (BND) Bolivian Bolíviano (BOB) Brazilian Real (BRL) Bahamian Dollar (BSD) Bhutanese Ngultrum (BTN) Botswana Pula (BWP) Belarusian Ruble (BYN) Belizean Dollar (BZD) Canadian Dollar (CAD) Congolese Franc (CDF) Swiss Franc (CHF) Chilean Peso (CLP) Chinese Yuan Renminbi (CNY) Colombian Peso (COP) Costa Rican Colon (CRC) Cuban Convertible Peso (CUC) Cuban Peso (CUP) Cape Verdean Escudo (CVE) Czech Koruna (CZK) Djiboutian Franc (DJF) Danish Krone (DKK) Dominican Peso (DOP) Algerian Dinar (DZD) Egyptian Pound (EGP) Eritrean Nakfa (ERN) Ethiopian Birr (ETB) Euro (EUR) Fijian Dollar (FJD) Falkland Island Pound (FKP) British Pound (GBP) Georgian Lari (GEL) Guernsey Pound (GGP) Ghanaian Cedi (GHS) Gibraltar Pound (GIP) Gambian Dalasi (GMD) Guinean Franc (GNF) Guatemalan Quetzal (GTQ) Guyanese Dollar (GYD) Hong Kong Dollar (HKD) Honduran Lempira (HNL) Croatian Kuna (HRK) Haitian Gourde (HTG) Hungarian Forint (HUF) Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Israeli Shekel (ILS) Isle of Man Pound (IMP) Indian Rupee (INR) Iraqi Dinar (IQD) Iranian Rial (IRR) Icelandic Krona (ISK) Jersey Pound (JEP) Jamaican Dollar (JMD) Jordanian Dinar (JOD) Japanese Yen (JPY) Kenyan Shilling (KES) Kyrgyzstani Som (KGS) Cambodian Riel (KHR) Comoran Franc (KMF) North Korean Won (KPW) South Korean Won (KRW) Kuwaiti Dinar (KWD) Caymanian Dollar (KYD) Kazakhstani Tenge (KZT) Lao or Laotian Kip (LAK) Lebanese Pound (LBP) Sri Lankan Rupee (LKR) Liberian Dollar (LRD) Basotho Loti (LSL) Libyan Dinar (LYD) Moroccan Dirham (MAD) Moldovan Leu (MDL) Malagasy Ariary (MGA) Macedonian Denar (MKD) Burmese Kyat (MMK) Mongolian Tughrik (MNT) Macau Pataca (MOP) Mauritanian Ouguiya (MRO) Mauritian Rupee (MUR) Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR) Malawian Kwacha (MWK) Mexican Peso (MXN) Malaysian Ringgit (MYR) Mozambican Metical (MZN) Namibian Dollar (NAD) Nigerian Naira (NGN) Nicaraguan Cordoba (NIO) Norwegian Krone (NOK) Nepalese Rupee (NPR) New Zealand Dollar (NZD) Omani Rial (OMR) Panamanian Balboa (PAB) Peruvian Sol (PEN) Papua New Guinean Kina (PGK) Philippine Peso (PHP) Pakistani Rupee (PKR) Polish Zloty (PLN) Paraguayan Guarani (PYG) Qatari Riyal (QAR) Romanian Leu (RON) Serbian Dinar (RSD) Russian Ruble (RUB) Rwandan Franc (RWF) Saudi Arabian Riyal (SAR) Solomon Islander Dollar (SBD) Seychellois Rupee (SCR) Sudanese Pound (SDG) Swedish Krona (SEK) Singapore Dollar (SGD) Saint Helenian Pound (SHP) Sierra Leonean Leone (SLL) Somali Shilling (SOS) Seborgan Luigino (SPL) Surinamese Dollar (SRD) Sao Tomean Dobra (STD) Salvadoran Colon (SVC) Syrian Pound (SYP) Swazi Lilangeni (SZL) Thai Baht (THB) Tajikistani Somoni (TJS) Turkmenistani Manat (TMT) Tunisian Dinar (TND) Tongan Pa'anga (TOP) Turkish Lira (TRY) Trinidadian Dollar (TTD) Tuvaluan Dollar (TVD) Taiwan New Dollar (TWD) Tanzanian Shilling (TZS) Ukrainian Hryvnia (UAH) Ugandan Shilling (UGX) US Dollar (USD) Uruguayan Peso (UYU) Uzbekistani Som (UZS) Venezuelan Bolívar (VEF) Vietnamese Dong (VND) Ni-Vanuatu Vatu (VUV) Samoan Tala (WST) Central African CFA Franc BEAC (XAF) Silver Ounce (XAG) Gold Ounce (XAU) Bitcoin (XBT) East Caribbean Dollar (XCD) IMF Special Drawing Rights (XDR) CFA Franc (XOF) Palladium Ounce (XPD) CFP Franc (XPF) Platinum Ounce (XPT) Yemeni Rial (YER) South African Rand (ZAR) Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Zimbabwean Dollar (ZWD) Convert Trending in Business BUSINESS Airport's new landing charges a 'fair balance' - CEO 8 Jun, 2017 6:31pm 4 minutes to read Auckland Airport's boss downplayed criticism that new charges are "unjustifiably high". BUSINESS Would this block you from a home loan? 8 Jun, 2017 7:42pm 3 minutes to read A debt-to-income ratio on loans may be appropriate if house prices rise sharply, says RBNZ BUSINESS Auckland loses two pie factories 8 Jun, 2017 5:13pm 3 minutes to read Palmerston North gets the pies in Goodman Fielder rejig National Business Sport Property World Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Technology
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      HPE Advances Server Security And Automation Related Content Topic :  IBM Looks to Redefine Industry Standard Servers  The Power Series team at IBM is making big moves on price and performance. Blog :  Businesses Must Prepare as the Quantum Computing Era Approaches Article :  What Does VMware's Stock Price Say About the Company's Future? HPE Advances Server Security and Automation Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 05 Jun, 2017          |         |     Share At a Discover 2017 conference today, Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) made a bevy of additions to its server lineup, including what it describes as the first server to embed security functions into the silicon of forthcoming Proliant Gen 10 series servers based on Intel x86 processors. Mark Potter, senior vice president and CTO for HPE, says that HPE working in collaboration with Intel has been able develop a “silicon root of trust” that makes use of HPE Integrated Light Out firmware running on a chip developed by HPE that ensures servers do not execute any compromised code. In addition, Potter notes that encryption and breach detection technologies are now built into servers configured with the HPE security chip as well. Given the level of sophistication of recent IT security attacks, Potter says, it’s apparent new approaches to IT security are now required. “We have to think differently about security,” says Potter. Along with improving the overall security of its servers, HPE today also says customers will be given access to tuning tools that will allow them to adjust processor clocks to meet the needs of various types of workloads, while also unveiling a Project New Stack, an approach to managing IT across hybrid cloud computing environments that will leverage embedded analytics to help IT organizations significantly increase utilization rates of both on-premises servers and cloud infrastructure services. Those capabilities are intended to extend the reach of HPE’s overall HPE Synergy software-defined infrastructure initiative that it refers to as Composable Infrastructure. New updates to HPE Synergy announced today include compute modules that support 25/50 and 100G Ethernet links, faster storage provisioning, and an update to HPE OneView that further automates the management of firmware updates, while at the same time tightening integration with Cisco, Red Hat, Mesosphere and ServiceNow. HPE also announced it intends to develop a toolkit for HPE OneView that will enable customers to take automations developed using the Redfish application programming interfaces (APIs) and apply them via the HPE OneView framework. HPE is also making available an HPE Persistent Scalable Storage Module that provides access to terabytes of memory that can be used as persistent storage. In addition, HPE announced it will bundle ClearOS, a distribution of Linux specifically designed for small-to-medium-sized businesses (SMBs) on low-end servers, in recognition of the fact that interest in Linux in that segment of the IT market is growing. Finally, HPE announced extensions to its pay-as-you-go licensing models designed to improve utilization rates and more closely align spending with actual consumption. Clearly, HPE is making a series of investments designed to differentiate its servers on multiple levels. The issue now will be getting IT organizations to appreciate those investments before rivals figure out how to catch up. Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE            |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Entrepreneur Esports Heartland Tech Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Esports AI Heartland Tech AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Entrepreneur Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Hands-on with macOS High Sierra on a new Macbook Pro Dean Takahashi@deantak June 5, 2017 6:01 PM Above: MacBook Pro with a 13-inch screen. Image Credit: Dean Takahashi Apple updated its MacBook Pro laptops with Intel Kaby Lake processors today, and it also announced changes coming in the next version of the macOS: High Sierra. The company shared the news at its Worldwide Developer Conference in San Jose, California. We were on site to get a look at what Apple showed onstage. We saw demos of the laptops working with HTC Vive virtual reality headsets, including with support for external graphics cards. Here’s a demo of the new MacBook Pro 13-inch model. It has a touch bar that you can use to modify the size of a paintbrush you are using to shade an image on the screen. The change in the effects is instant. It features an Intel Kaby Lake processor, dubbed the Core i7, running at 3.5 gigahertz with turbo boost up to 4.0 GHz. The 15-inch model goes up to 4.1 GHz with turbo boost. The base MacBook Pro 13-inch model has Intel Iris Plus 650 graphics, while the 15-inch model uses the more powerful AMD Radeon Pro 555 discrete graphics chip or a Radeon Pro 560 as an option. The 13-inch MacBook Pro starts at $1,300 with function keys, or $1800 with the touch bar. The machines are available to order today and will be in Apple Stores on Wednesday. Photos are another area where you can see the difference in the graphics horsepower. You can change a photo so that it uses long exposure settings. That makes the mist around a waterfall come to life, for example. Apple also showed features in High Sierra that make changes to its Safari browser. And you can take advantage of privacy features, such as preventing advertisements you don’t want to see from initializing. The new macOS also shows how you can offload video graphics processing to the graphics chip. You can also copy files quickly in the new macOS, as the processor can hand off the task to the graphics chip. This comes from bringing the Apple File System to Macs, after the technology was added to iOS in March.   VB Recommendations Powering Twitch and Medium, search startup Algolia raises $53 million Automat raises $8.3 million to make marketing bots How Volvo’s using self-steering trucks to help sugarcane farmers improve crop yield
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Hardware YouTube’s most famous PC builder isn’t happy about Intel’s Core i9 Chris Mills @chrisfmills June 5th, 2017 at 9:01 PM Share Tweet Last week, Intel dropped the biggest PC news of the last year. The new Core i9 processor series appears to be a big change from the status quo, an attempt to put insanely powerful processors within the reach of home PC builders. By and large, the PC community had the exact reaction you’d expect: excitement, followed by frantic checking of bank accounts. But for Linus Sebastian, the brains behind Linus Tech Tips and YouTube’s most famous PC nerd, the reality of Intel’s new product lineup doesn’t match the hype. Don't Miss: Google Home outage hits users, ‘100 percent failure rate’ reported In a fifteen-minute rant, Sebastian explains what he thinks are Intel’s less-than-honest motives behind the new i9 and X-series processors and motherboards. You should watch the video to get an understanding of the technical details he’s picking on, but the bottom line is that he thinks Intel cooked up the i9 platform as a response to AMD’s new Threadripper series, not as an honest attempt to push home computing forwards. There’s a number of little details that do point that way. Intel has hinted that a lot of the top-end performance of its new chips will be handicapped if you don’t also buy Intel motherboards and Intel SSDs, which is quite blatantly not in the best interests of high-end PC builders. And then there’s the problem of vaporware. Most of the really exciting stuff that Intel announced last week won’t be ready until the end of the year, which is a much longer wait-for-availability than Intel usually has after the announcement of a new product. It reeks of the fact that this is a reactionary move to steal the spotlight from AMD, rather than a long-planned rollout of a new product line. Ultimately, it’s the messenger that makes the message in this case. Sebastian’s YouTube channel, Linus Tech Tips, is known for a fairly heavy level of commercialization and collaboration with big tech companies, including Intel. You’re much more likely to see a video sponsored by Intel than one tearing Intel apart, which makes this particular rant all the more real. For such a big player to break from the script and annoy the biggest processor company on earth isn’t a common occurrence, so more than ever it’s worth taking note. Tags: core i9, intel View Comments Trending 1 Tech New leak claims to reveal final iPhone 8 and iPhone 7s Plus designs 2 Tech The iPhone 8’s design is probably final, and Samsung couldn’t be happier 3 Deals This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch 4 Tech With WWDC 2017 and iOS 11, Apple has shown us the end of the iPhone 5 Deals Amazon’s 15 best daily deals: Sonos speakers, Bose sound bar, 256GB microSD, fidget spinner, more Picked For You The new iPhone 7s won’t have one of the iPhone 8’s best new features By Chris Smith 2 days ago Is this a sign the all-glass iPhone 8 will break easily? By Chris Smith 1 day ago The Galaxy Note 8 might be unveiled ahead of the iPhone 8 By Chris Smith 1 day ago Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 6 Biggest Announcements From Apple WWDC 2017 Everything you need to know from the opening keynote. Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Jun 5, 2017 at 7:33PM Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) just kicked off its WWDC 2017 developer conference, and as usual there were a few product announcements during the opening keynote. Being a developer conference, updates to Apple's major software platforms were table stakes as the company outlined the next iterations of macOS, iOS, watchOS, and tvOS. There were also a handful of notable hardware announcements, the details of which had mostly leaked ahead of time. Here are the six biggest announcements from this morning. The new space gray iMac Pro. Image source: Apple. Mac refreshes In terms of spec bumps, Apple refreshed the iMac, MacBook Pro, and 12-inch MacBook. All of these Macs are getting bumped up to the latest seventh-generation (Kaby Lake) Intel Core chips. The iMac got more than just processor updates though, receiving better displays. The 21.5-inch 4K model is also getting discrete AMD graphics instead of integrated Intel graphics. Apple is now adding USB-C ports that support Thunderbolt 3 to the 27-inch iMac. The new iMac Pro A couple months back, Apple made a rare admission that the Mac Pro suffered from some design flaws, specifically around the thermal management system. At the time, Apple suggested that it would create a much more powerful version of the iMac, since many creative professionals were increasingly turning to high-end iMacs. Perfect for Space Gray enthusiasts. Image source: Apple. Apple provided a sneak peek of the forthcoming iMac Pro, which will ship in Space Gray alongside a new set of accessories bearing the same color. In line with prior reports, the new iMac Pro uses a powerful Intel Xeon processor, and comes in eight-core, 10-core, or 18-core configurations. Despite using the same overall design, the new iMac Pro will use a new thermal architecture that can handle an 80% increase in cooling capacity. These desktops use AMD Radeon Pro Vega graphics, and also have four USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 ports to connect professional peripherals. iMac Pro will set you back quite a bit, as it starts at $4,999 and ships in December. 10.5-inch iPad Pro The company updated the iPad Pro lineup, which now includes a new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. By slimming down the bezels, Apple is squeezing a larger display into a chassis comparable to the outgoing 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The new model is modestly taller and thicker, but still weighs just 1 pound. Both the 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch model are getting upgraded displays that are brighter, featuring a wider color gamut and a higher refresh rate (120 Hz) that can dynamically adjust based on the task at hand in order to improve energy efficiency and battery life. Inside, you'll find a new A10X Fusion chip that includes a six-core CPU (three high-power and three high-efficiency) and a 12-core GPU. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro starts at $649 (compared to the $599 that the outgoing 9.7-inch iPad Pro started at) and ships immediately. Peer-to-peer Apple Pay Apple has been reportedly working on a version of Apple Pay that would allow you to pay your friends. The company had initially skipped peer-to-peer (P2P) payments due to regulatory considerations, but it was an obvious opportunity for expansion. Apple Pay is getting a P2P option in iOS 11, which will be integrated into Messages. That's pretty similar to the approach that Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has taken with P2P payments, integrating the service into Messenger. In line with rumors, the new P2P version will come with a type of digital debit card that stores funds, which Apple calls an Apple Pay cash card. Users can store funds in the Apple Pay cash card, send and receive funds, pay for purchases, or transfer funds to external bank accounts. Of course, all payments must be securely authenticated with Touch ID. Jumping into P2P payments is a pretty clear shot at Facebook, as well as PayPal and its subsidiary Venmo. Building a foundation for augmented reality Augmented reality (AR) is here to stay, and Apple has now officially unveiled its developer tools to build an AR platform. Apple's new ARKit is similar to what Microsoft is doing with HoloLens, starting with the ability to project virtual objects onto real environments using the camera. In April, Facebook said it was "making the camera the first augmented reality platform" at its own F8 developer conference. That title is arguable, but Apple CEO Tim Cook noted that once iOS 11 is released later this year onto hundreds of millions of iOS devices, Apple will have the largest AR platform following a simple software update. Cook has been talking up AR for over a year, so this should come as no surprise. Importantly, this can give Apple a content foundation for its inevitable introduction of an AR headset or AR glasses. The Siri-powered speaker is called HomePod Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo has been a huge hit, and the e-commerce giant continues to enjoy a first-mover advantage in virtual-assistant-powered stationary speakers. That success naturally provokes a competitive response, and Apple's answer is the awkwardly named HomePod, which it hopes will "reinvent" home audio. The overall design is fairly uninspiring -- it looks like a nondescript marshmallow: HomePod looks like a generic speaker. Image source: Apple. The HomePod is powered by an Apple A8 chip and uses a seven-tweeter array and six-microphone array. It expectedly integrates with Apple Music, which is an advantage since Apple has a stronger position than Amazon in music streaming. Siri is the main voice-driven interface, and can do pretty much all the basic tasks you expect. What HomePod lacks are meaningful third-party integrations, which is largely what Echo has to thank for its success; Alexa now has over 10,000 third-party Skills. HomePod will support HomeKit-enabled devices, but Apple's smart home ecosystem is a bit lacking at the moment overall. HomePod will start at $349 (a notable premium compared to Amazon) and also ship in December. That's it for now There was plenty of other news, too. watchOS 4 will include a few new watch faces, included a predictive one powered by Siri. tvOS is finally getting Amazon Prime video after a yearslong standoff between the companies. iOS 11 focuses very heavily on improving productivity on the iPad, including new ways to multitask and a new file management system. The Mac maker continues to push forward with its Metal graphics technology, adding features specifically targeting virtual reality (VR) capabilities. Overall, there were a slew of announcements to hold consumers and investors over until the iPhone event later this year. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple and Facebook. Evan Niu, CFA has the following options: long January 2018 $120 calls on Facebook. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and PYPL. The Motley Fool recommends INTC. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Evan Niu, CFA (TMFNewCow) Evan is a Senior Technology Specialist at The Motley Fool. He was previously a Senior Trading Specialist at a major discount broker, and worked briefly at Tesla. Evan graduated from the University of Texas at Austin, and is a CFA charterholder. Follow @TMFNewCow Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 7:33PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.09 down $0.28 (-0.18%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $1,010.01 down $0.06 (-0.01%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $154.44 up $1.32 (0.86%) Read More Will Apple's Second Bet on High-Fidelity Audio Pay Off? What You Need to Know About Apple Inc.'s Artificial-Intelligence Chip Apple's New HomePod vs. Amazon's Echo 5 Top Dividend Stocks in Wearables Apple Inc. Poaches a Qualcomm, Inc. Chip Executive Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 6 Biggest Announcements From Apple WWDC 2017 @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $AMZN, $FB
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links About PC Gamer Search Popular E3 2017 Battlegrounds Games of 2017 PC Gamer Club Far Cry 5 Hardware Guides Apple's new iMac Pro costs $5000, but is it overpriced? By Tuan Nguyen We attempt to put together the new iMac Pro for less. Comments Shares Near the end of the company's World Wide Developer's Conference yesterday, Apple announced a new desktop PC. No, not a new Mac Pro like many were hoping for, but a new all-in-one iMac... Pro. Here are the specs: 27-inch 5K display with 500 nits brightness and P3 color 8-Core Intel Xeon CPU, configurable up to 18-Core 32GB of 2666MHz DDR4 ECC RAM, configurable up to 128GB 1TB PCIe SSD, configurable up to 4TB SSD AMD Radeon Pro Vega 56 GPU with 8GB of HBM2, configurable to Vega 64, 16GB Front 1080p FaceTime HD camera Built-in stereo speakers, with 4 microphones, 3.5mm headphone jack 10GbE Ethernet Four Thunderbolt 3 (USB-C) ports Four USB 3.0 ports 802.11ac wireless with Bluetooth 4.2 SDXC card slot with UHS-II As far as specifications go, the iMac Pro is a pretty beefy PC, and in all the right places. It's got one heck of a CPU, and a yet to be announced AMD Radeon Pro Vega 56. Apparently from the iMac Pro specs page, AMD is going to announce a Pro Vega 64 as well. We reckon that these GPUs will be based on AMD's Vega Frontier edition, and not the consumer version of Vega that is supposed to be announced sometime in August. Apple says that the $5000 base price for the new iMac Pro is a good deal, comparing its new computer to similar systems, specifically HP, which Apple said would have costed you $7000 for a similar system. Could it work for gaming? Probably. Would it be the best gaming PC that Apple has ever released? Yes. Based on the CPU and GPU alone, the new iMac Pro would be a fantastic gaming PC. But the old adage is that Apple computers are overpriced for what they are and that if you DIY, you can get an equivalent system for cheap. So let's try it! We went to our friends at PCPartPicker and built a system that attempted to match the new baseline iMac Pro feature for feature, to see how much we would actually save: PCPartPicker part list: CPU: Intel - Xeon E5-2620 V4 2.1GHz 8-Core Processor ($408.99) CPU Cooler: NZXT - Kraken X62 Liquid CPU Cooler ($158.99) Motherboard: Asus - X99-E-10G WS SSI CEB LGA2011-3 Motherboard ($649.00) Memory: Crucial - 32GB (1 x 32GB) Registered DDR4-2133 Memory ($253.81) Storage: Samsung - 960 EVO 1TB M.2-2280 Solid State Drive ($479.99) Video Card: Zotac - GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 11GB Founders Edition ($678.99) Case: Silverstone - TJ04B-EW ATX Mid Tower Case ($151.90) Power Supply: SeaSonic - PRIME Titanium 1000W 80+ Titanium Certified Fully-Modular ATX Power Supply ($242.89) Operating System: Microsoft - Windows 7 Professional ($134.99) Monitor: LG - UltraFine 5K Display 60Hz Monitor ($1299.95) Other: ASUS Model ThunderboltEX 3 Expansion Card ($69.99) Keyboard: Apple - MB110LL/B Wired Standard Keyboard ($49.00) Mouse: Apple - MB829LL/A Bluetooth Wireless Laser Mouse ($79.99) Speakers: Logitech - Z130 5W 2ch Speakers ($18.99) Card reader: Kingston - Digital MobileLite G4 USB 3.0 card reader ($9.24) Total: $4686.71 What we end up with is an awesome PC that would give our high-end build competition. We also have a system that's a productivity powerhouse as well. Our build has Wi-Fi, 10-gigabit Ethernet ports, USB-C Thunderbolt 3 ports, and even Apple's own keyboard and mouse—although not the cooler space gray versions. Unfortunately, we only saved $313 by building it ourselves and that's only after sending in $25 worth of mail-in rebates. If you can build the exact same specs as the new iMac Pro, let us know in the comments. Specs aside, we're not going to get the svelte design of Apple's new iMac Pro, and its admittedly good manufacturing build and design. But you go into DIY knowing this from the get-go. What you do get in return though is the ability to expand internally, which the iMac Pro doesn't offer.  If you use NZXT's new BLD system, you actually end up paying NZXT more to build a machine than the $313 you would be giving to Apple to build the iMac Pro. This is also in-line with what system builders will charge, and in many cases you'll end up paying even more for higher-end boutique builders. So if we're comparing builders, Apple's actually a deal! Of course, $1,300 of our price tag is wrapped up in the 5K monitor. It's an understandable cost for Apple's build, especially when you consider the all-in-one design, but you can save a considerable amount of money—and still have a kick-ass gaming monitor—by building separately. For pros editing 4K video, the 5K display makes sense. This is the demographic the iMac Pro is targeting. For the average enthusiast though, a cheaper 4K display will suffice. While Apple may have charged a big premium for its computers years ago, it looks like this is no longer the case today. If you're in the market to spend this kind of money on gaming though, you'd obviously be better off with our extreme gaming PC build guide than an iMac Pro. See comments We recommendBy Zergnet Topics apple iMac Pro Hardware Load Comments Recommended PC games to look out for in June, July, and August Valve reveals Steam Direct fee, upcoming changes to the store Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 The best DDR4 RAM 2 The best gaming motherboards 3 The best PC gaming processor 4 The best SSD for gaming 5 The best ATX mid-tower PC cases 1 The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind review 2 Dirt 4 review 3 Tekken 7 review 4 Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator review 5 Friday the 13th review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
All News | Boards | Chips | Devices | Software | LinuxDevices.com Archive | About | Contact | Subscribe Follow LinuxGizmos: > get email updates < Search LinuxGizmos: Search LinuxGizmos.com + LinuxDevices Archive: LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Top 10 trending posts… 3.5-inch Apollo Lake SBC offers four USB 3.0 ports Amazon releases AWS Greengrass for local IoT processing on Linux devices Raspberry Pi HAT does vital sign monitoring for $195 Ringing in 2017 with 90 hacker-friendly single board computers Expansion-minded Mini-ITX runs Linux on Apollo Lake Android 7 dev board unlocks 10nm octa-core Snapdragon 835 Catalog of 98 open-spec, hacker friendly SBCs 2017 survey of 98 hacker-friendly SBCs Open spec Allwinner A64 hacker board runs Linux or Android Tiny foldable i.MX7 module squishes into 30 x 27 x 8mm Follow LinuxGizmos or subscribe to our posts: Follow: Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts: Email Address LinuxGizmos Sponsor ads: (advertise here) Expansion-minded Mini-ITX runs Linux on Apollo Lake Jun 6, 2017 — by Eric Brown — 368 views DFI’s “Ali17x” industrial Apollo Lake Mini-ITX offers triple displays plus PCIe, mini-PCIe, M.2, and serial expansion, and optional 15-36V and -40 to 85°C. DFI’s Ali171 and Ali173 boards, which provide 12V and 15-36V power supplies, respectively, build on Intel’s latest Apollo Lake Atom, Celeron, and Pentium system-on-chips. The 170 x 170mm Ali17x boards, which otherwise appear to be identical, follow earlier DFI Mini-ITX models such as the Bay Trail Atom E3800 based BT160. Like that board, the Ali17x would appear to qualify as a “thin” Mini-ITX board, although the company does not use the term. Ali173, front and back (click images to enlarge) The Ali17x supports Ubuntu 15.10 and Fedora 24, both of which ship with Intel graphics drivers, as well as Yocto Project Linux and Windows 10. It joins other thin Apollo Lake mini-ITX boards including Aaeon’s EMB-APL, Adlink’s AmITX-AL-I, Advantech’s AIMB-217, Congatec’s Conga-IA5, and Kontron’s mITX-APL. The Ali17x supports Intel’s quad-core, 1.6GHz/2GHz Atom E3950, 1.6GHz/1.8GHz Atom E3940, and 1.1GHz/2.5GHz Pentium N4200 Apollo Lake models. (DFI erroneously lists the latter as a Celeron.) The board is also available with the dual-core 1.3GHz/1.8GHz Atom E3930 and 1.1/2.4GHz Celeron N3350. The SoCs offer Intel HD Graphics GT Series graphics, and support OpenGL 5.0, DirectX 12, and OpenCL 2.1. Ali173 (left) and Ali171/Ali173 block diagram (click images to enlarge) The Ali17x supports up to 16GB DDR3L (1867MHz) via dual channels, and offers a SATA 3.0 connection and dual GbE ports with a choice of Intel I210AT or I211AT controllers. Other coastline ports include 4x USB 3.0, an audio out jack (Realtek ALC262-VC2-GR), and HDMI and VGA ports, both of which can be swapped otu for DisplayPort++. Triple display support is enabled with the help of LVDS interface, which can be exchanged for an optional eDP. The eDP port matches DP++ for the highest 4096 x 2160 @ 60Hz resolution. Ali173 detail view (click image to enlarge) Internal connections include five USB 2.0 interfaces, analog and S/PDIF interfaces, 8-bit DIO, LPC, SMBus, and panel connectors. There are also 4x RS-232 and 2x RS-232/422/485 interfaces with optional extension modules that use the LPC connection to deliver 4x RS-232 or 4x RS-485 real-world DB-9 ports (see diagram below). Serial expansion options for Ali171/Ali173 (click image to enlarge) Other expansion technologies include a full-sized mini-PCIe slot, an M.2 slot with SATA 3.0 support, and a PCIe Gen 2 interface. The board is further equipped with a watchdog, system fan connectors, an RTC with battery, and 7-year CPU lifecycle support. Options include a SIM card slot and a TPM security chip. Both the Ali171 and wide-range power Ali173 are available in 0 to 60°C and -40 to 85°C models.   Further information The Ali171 and wide-range power Ali173 Mini-ITX boards are listed as “coming soon.” More information may be found at DFI’s AL171/AL173 product page.   Related posts: Thin, tough Mini-ITX board runs Linux on Apollo Lake Apollo Lake thin Mini-ITX board focuses on security Fanless, thin Mini-ITX board taps quad-core Apollo Lake… Aaeon shows its first Apollo Lake COM 3.5-inch Apollo Lake SBC hands you a sixpack of USB 3.0 Mini Apollo Lake module takes the heat — and the cold Tiny COM features Apollo Lake and soldered RAM Pico-ITX Apollo Lake SBC gives you expansion options Apollo Lake 3.5-inch SBC doubles down on security Rugged Qseven module runs Linux on Apollo Lake (advertise here) PLEASE COMMENT BELOW Please comment here... Cancel reply (advertise here) The content on this site is copyright © 2007-2017 Rick Lehrbaum unless otherwise noted. Comments are the property of their submitters. Content originally published on LinuxDevices is Copyright © 1999-2017 QuinStreet Inc. and is reproduced here under license from its owner. LinuxGizmos is part of the DeviceGuru Blog Network. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds. Contact us | Privacy policy | Terms of use | About us | RSS feed
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why This Intel Corporation Core X Rumor Doesn't Make Any Sense It's important to recognize that chips will be run at speeds higher (sometimes much higher) than what Chipzilla officially rates them for. Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Jun 6, 2017 at 4:30PM About a week ago, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) announced its Core X series of processors aimed at the high-end desktop market. The lineup includes processors that have as few as four processor cores and scales all the way up to an "Extreme Edition" part that has 18 processor cores. Intel's published fact sheet for these products says that the Core X processors with between four and 10 cores will be available first and that the chips with between 12 and 18 cores are "coming soon." Image source: Intel. These chips are all expected to be compatible with motherboards that implement Intel's new Socket 2066 infrastructure. Interestingly, Italian IT website Bits 'n Chips claims that, according to its sources, Intel "could commercialize a new version of the Socket 2066" that would be designed specifically to support the Core X processors with between 14 and 18 cores. "The new socket will be necessary due to the pretty low [thermal design power] (160W) supported by the Socket 2066," the article states, asserting that Socket 2066 was "designed to support up to 10 core [stock keeping units], not 18." Here's why this rumor doesn't seem to hold up.  It contradicts what Intel has said On Intel's website, the company posted a slide deck that details the new chips. On slide 17, Intel explicitly states that the "New Socket R4 (LGA 2066)" is "compatible with all new Intel Core X-series processors (4C-18C)." Based on what Intel has explicitly said, this rumor appears to be incorrect.  Some additional thoughts It's a worthwhile exercise to try to understand why this rumor simply didn't make any sense to begin with, Intel's official contradiction notwithstanding.  The argument with respect to power consumption doesn't hold up. Although Socket R4 is designed to support chips with up to a 165-watt thermal design power, it's important to recognize that these high-end desktop platforms are sold with the expectation that these chips will be "overclocked" -- that is, the chips will be run at speeds higher (sometimes much higher) than what Intel officially rates them for. This process of overclocking can dramatically increase power draw. For example, in a test performed by Tom's Hardware, Intel's Core i7-6950X -- which is rated at a 140-watt thermal design power -- consumes about 144 watts on average in a "torture test." When the chip is overclocked to 4.3GHz, power consumption under this "torture" scenario spikes to a whopping 233 watts -- well beyond the power that a Core i7-6950X would be expected to draw out of the box.  The point is this: Well-designed Socket R4 motherboards should be able to handle power draw levels that are much greater than the rated 140- to 165-watt thermal design power levels. Indeed, since all of the Socket R4 motherboards are targeted explicitly at users that will buy these unlocked Core X processors and, in all likelihood, overclock them, I can't imagine that any of the Socket R4-based motherboards that'll ultimately hit the market will have any trouble with processors drawing at least 200 watts.  Additionally, does it make sense for Intel to require its motherboard partners to release new motherboards to support additional members of a product line several months after the initial processor and motherboard roll-outs? It doesn't! Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Ashraf Eassa (TMFChipFool) Ashraf Eassa is a technology specialist with The Motley Fool. He writes mostly about technology stocks, but is especially interested in anything related to chips -- the semiconductor kind, that is. He can be reached on Twitter -- follow him there: Follow @tmfchipfool Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 4:30PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.02 (0.06%) Read More The 3 Best PC Stocks to Buy in 2017 The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today Intel Corporation: The Bear Case From a Bull Qualcomm Gets Double Teamed by Intel and Samsung Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why This Intel Corporation Core X Rumor Doesn't Make Any Sense @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS US Edition Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides iOS 11 iMac Pro Samsung Galaxy S8 iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 E3 News MacBook Pro 2017 vs MacBook Pro 2016: what’s changed? MacBook Pro 2017 vs MacBook Pro 2016: what’s changed? By Kevin Lee Laptops   Everything new and better on Apple's flagship laptop Shares Another year, another MacBook Pro. While the MacBook Pro 2016 was a fundamental shift for Apple’s flagship laptop, the 2017 edition is more of an incremental upgrade.  Aside from housing the current Intel Core processors, the latest MacBook Pro is nearly identical to last year’s model. Regardless, let’s take a closer look at the exact changes, and whether it's worth it to dive in now after passing on the previous generation – or upgrading from that model. Design Aesthetically, there’s nothing new to see here. Although, there aren’t any new flourishes here, the MacBook Pro is still arguably one of the best built laptops on the market.  Milled from a solid block of aluminum, the 13-inch MacBook Pro is an incredibly thin and light machine at just 0.59-inches (1.49cm) thick and 3.02 pounds (1.37kg). The 15-inch version is considerably larger in size, thanks to its bigger display, but it’s nearly as thin at 0.61-inches (1.55cm) and fairly lightweight for its size-class at 4.02 pounds (1.83kg) Display Likewise, the displays on the new MacBook Pros aren’t any different, but still serve up a gorgeous picture. The 13-inch model comes with a 227ppi screen at a 2,560 x 1,600 resolution.  Meanwhile, the 15-inch version is a small notch down in sharpness at 220ppi, due to its 2,880 x 1,800 pixels being spread across a larger screen. Hardware Now we come to the biggest change within the MacBook Pro 2017 model, the addition of the latest Intel Kaby Lake processors. On paper, all these 7th generation processors offer higher boost clocks that should translate into better performance.  With the latest processors also comes a new generation of integrated graphics, which should better handle streaming 4K media as well as media editing and creation. The 15-inch models also now feature higher-end discrete graphics, with the AMD Radeon Pro 555 and Radeon Pro 560 with up to 4GB of VRAM. Kaby Lake should also afford Apple’s latest flagship laptops longer battery life, but both models still claim to run for the same 10 hours as the previous iterations. We’ll have to see if battery life with the latest hardware is better or worse in our full review. One other little hardware tweak Apple has introduced here is all the memory across the MacBook Pro line now operates at a 2,133MHz frequency. The previous entry level model of the MacBook Pro 2016 came with 1,866MHz RAM. Unfortunately, memory capacity still peaks at just 16GB.  Price Users have complained about the high price of the MacBook Pro and Apple’s solution this year was a lower priced $1,299 (£1,249, AU$1,899) 13-inch non-touch bar model. Unfortunately, this new entry-level unit comes with only 128GB of storage, half the amount data capacity found in the lowest priced 2016 model.  The 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar, meanwhile, remains at its original $2,399 (£2,349, AU$3,499) price. Should you buy one? If you were disappointed that Apple didn’t debut its new MacBook Pro design with the latest Intel processors, the 2017 models are just the thing you’ve been waiting for. Users looking for the most powerful MacBook might also squeeze more out of the updated discrete graphics on the 15-inch model. However, if you were holding out for increased RAM capacity, more storage or a 4K display, you're still out of luck here. Other than those small upgrades, the newest MacBook Pro doesn’t bring anything else to the plate. If you’re looking for something to just handle your everyday computing tasks, the older, Skylake-powered MacBook Pros will more than suffice and are likely to go on sale with lower prices soon enough. Related news Get some tape ready - your computer’s LEDs are giving away your secrets OnePlus 5 will launch on June 20 iOS 11 release date, news and features NZXT will now build you a PC just for the games you like See more Laptops news Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 The best free VPN 2017 2 New Nokia 3310 (2017) review 3 The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 has to have a 4K screen 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors 1 It doesn’t matter if you hate the new Nokia 3310, it’s already done its job 2 Kodi, VLC and other media players are open to malware attack via subtitles 3 Yes, Samsung Galaxy S8's iris scanner can be hacked – here's how 4 OnePlus 5 leak tips it to be faster than the Samsung Galaxy S8 5 Samsung Galaxy Note 8 release date, news and rumors TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 36 minutes ago Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 38 minutes ago Android 7.0 Nougat is now rolling out to the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge on T-Mobile 1 hour ago An AI got average marks for a university entrance exam, as it struggled with language 1 hour ago View all recent news Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year 34 minutes ago Microsoft Rewards reportedly coming to France on June 12 7 hours ago Xbox Insider Preview build 15063.4054 is now available in the Alpha ring - here's what's new 9 hours ago Latest Outlook for Mac preview heads to the Fast ring, with a "highly requested" new feature 16 hours ago View all Microsoft news New Office Insider Preview for Android adds comments, a numeric keypad, and more 17 hours ago A Blue Coral Samsung Galaxy S8 and Galaxy S8+ could be coming to the United States 19 hours ago Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 OnePlus 5 revealed in leaked image, confirming dual rear cameras Jun 6, 2017 View all Google news T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week 8 hours ago Behold! The Horizon Machine - what Apple uses to repair our cracked iPhone screens 18 hours ago Apple formally announces tvOS 11 18 hours ago A sting operation by the ACCC led to the lawsuit against Apple over "Error 53" Jun 7, 2017 View all Apple news Everything 1.4.1.877 18 hours ago Sandboxie 5.20 19 hours ago Tor Browser 7.0 20 hours ago CintaNotes 3.8 22 hours ago View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending LG G6 review: A solid, stylish Android phone that checks the right boxes Jun 4, 2017 Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing and first impressions Jun 3, 2017 HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P Jun 7, 2017 Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 7 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals 38 minutes ago Get this Full Stack JavaScript Bundle for just $38 via Neowin Deals Jun 7, 2017 Get The Software QA & Testing Bundle: Lifetime Subscription for just $29 via Neowin Deals Jun 6, 2017 Get NetSpot Home for Windows, or for Mac: Lifetime License for just $19 (72% off) Jun 5, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ HP announces a range of new Windows 10-powered OMEN gaming PCs, a monitor, and more By Rich Woods Neowin LLC @@TheRichWoods · Jun 6, 2017 with 4 comments HP today announced a "cutting-edge and comprehensive portfolio of OMEN by HP gaming products." The company says that everything has been redesigned and re-engineered "from the ground up", and they're aimed at "esports athletes" and competitive gamers so that they can have the edge that they need. First, there are two new laptops, the OMEN 15 and 17. They offer everything that you'd expect from high-end gaming laptops, with up to a quad-core seventh-generation Intel Core i7, a multi-fan/multi-heat pipe/multi-exhaust thermal solution, and Bang & Olufsen audio with HP Audio Boost technology. There's an option for a 4K display, but you can also get a 1080p 120Hz screen with Nvidia G-Sync or a 1080p 60Hz display with AMD FreeSync. Those graphics can be powered by up to an AMD Radeon RX 550 or Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 in the 15-inch model, and an AMD Radeon RX 580 or Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 in the 17-inch model. Those should be enough to push games at 1080p in the smaller variant, or 1440p in the larger one. Both devices will be available on June 28 from HP.com and Best Buy, with the OMEN 15 starting at $999.99 and the 17 starting at $1,099. Next up is the OMEN X Compact Desktop, which is "built with a clear focus on pushing the limits of hardware in a small package." It comes with seventh-generation Intel Core i7 unlocked CPU options, and offers a factory-overclocked Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 GPU, which HP says will provide the power necessary for gaming in 4K. There are also full docking capabilities, which should "allow gamers to simply drop the OMEN X into the included docking station and instantly connect to a range of their favorite gaming accessories without worrying about a mess of multiple cables." These accessories include a VR backpack accessory, which costs $599.99. The OMEN X will be available in July from HP.com starting at $2,499. The OMEN Accelerator is meant to turn any Thunderbolt 3-enabled PC into a gaming rig. This might be particularly popular, given that Thunderbolt 3 is about to get much more popular with upcoming Intel CPU integration. It can be preconfigured with an Nvidia or AMD graphics card, and either a 1TB HDD or 256GB SSD. The OMEN Accelerator will be available in August from HP.com, starting at $299.99. Available today, the OMEN Desktop is the powerhouse of the range. CPU options are an unlocked Core i5, i7, or an overclockable AMD Ryzen. But that's not all, as graphics power can be up to a dual Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti or dual AMD Radeon RX 580. The beastly OMEN Desktop is available from HP.com starting at $899.99. There are two new monitors, the OMEN Display 25 and 27, which are 1080p and 1440p, respectively. The smaller model has a 144Hz refresh rate, and uses AMD FreeSync technology, whereas the larger one is 165Hz, with Nvidia G-Sync. These devices will be available on June 26 from HP.com, with the OMEN 25 starting at $279.99 and the 27 starting at $799.99. Finally, there's a new range of OMEN accessories. The OMEN Keyboard 1100 has mechanical keys and N-key rollover for anti-ghosting, and the OMEN Mouse 600 has customizable weight features and added durability. The OMEN Headset 800 promises "increased comfort and sound clarity" with thicker ear cups and better acoustic performance. The accessories are available today from HP.com, with the OMEN Headset coming in at $79.99, the Keyboard priced at $129.99, and $59.99 for the Mouse. Tags Microsoft Windows 10 Hp Omen laptop 15 Omen laptop 17 Omen x Omen tower Omen Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Europe may get the first Hyperloop and these are the 9 routes where it might go Next Story OnePlus 5 revealed in leaked image, confirming dual rear cameras Community Activity Refresh Amazon has ditched its $60 unlimited cloud storage plan; now 1TB for $60 a year in Front Page News Neowin.net Minecraft Server in Computer Gaming DirecTV Now to work "exclusively on Chrome" from July, as support ends for other browsers in Front Page News Death Stranding won't be making an appearance at E3 2017 in Front Page News Amazon to offer Prime discounts to low-income US customers in Front Page News Apple's Pencil Case is a $29 leather sleeve that will protect your iPad Pro Pencil in style in Front Page News T-Mobile will offer Apple's latest iPad Pro starting next week in Front Page News Get a two year subscription to HideMyAss! VPN for just $54.99 - 65% off with Neowin Deals in Front Page News Advertisement Trending Stories Android O update expected in August; likely the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P 23 hours ago with 26 comments Kodi just took a "big step" toward its return to Xbox as a UWP app Jun 6, 2017 with 13 comments New firmware is rolling out to the Surface Pro 3 - here's what's new Jun 7, 2017 with 3 comments The OnePlus 5 might come priced at €550 7 hours ago with 4 comments Related Stories 7 Days: A week of the Essential Android, Windows 10 Mobile PCs, and Winsider mayhem Jun 3, 2017 HP's Cortana-powered speaker will need to be tethered to a PC [Update] Jun 1, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 devices, Surface excitement, and mouse ovaries May 27, 2017 HP announces new Envy laptops and convertibles May 22, 2017 Show Comments 4 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Cybersecurity Certification Mega Bundle $999.00 $69.00 93% off The Ultimate Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,186.00 $49.00 96% off Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.99 98% off PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597.00 $89.00 85% off Linux Essentials Bundle $225.00 $39.00 83% off REVIEW The LG G6 is a solid, stylish phone that checks the right boxes lg review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible Windows 10's adaptive CShell UI revealed in images and video cshell Seven months after its release, Android 7.1 Nougat is on just 0.6% of devices android Skype shuts down on Windows Phone, RT, and Windows 10 Mobile Messaging app on July 1 skype expected in august Android O likely to be the last major OS update for Nexus 5X and 6P android o Microsoft rolls out new firmware update for Surface Pro 3 surface pro 3 VIDEO Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet unboxing lenovo A sneak peek at Apple's monstrous new iMac Pro imac pro Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Please enable JavaScript in your browser to enjoy a better experience. Hongkiat.com Main Menu Design / Dev Technology Inspiration Social Commerce All Deals Search Hongkiat for: Reveal Search Form Reveal Off-canvas Navigation WWDC 2017 – Everything You Need to Know Published by Sia, in Gadgets — June 6, 2017June 6, 2017 As expected from Apple, the WWDC 2017 keynote has introduced the world to a new batch of cool stuff from the company, ranging from hardware like the new iMac to software such as iOS 11. Seeing as there is quite a number of things to go through, I’ll being this article by looking at Apple’s hardware offerings, before moving on to the software side of things. Without further ado, let’s begin. New iMac Pro and updated iMacs We start off this hardware roundup with a look at one of Apple’s older products: the iMac. At WWDC 2017, Apple has introduced a new top-of-the-line iMac that the company has unsurprisingly dubbed the iMac Pro. Sporting a Space Gray (dark gray) chassis as opposed to the regular iMac’s silvery-gray one, Apple claims that the iMac Pro is the “most powerful Mac ever made”, and the internals more or less proves just that. The iMac Pro comes with: 27-inch 5K Retina display. Equipped with up to an 18-core Intel Xeon processor. AMD Radeon Pro Vega 64 GPU with 16GB of HBM2 VRAM, up to 128GB of RAM. 4TB of SSD storage space. 10Gb Ethernet port, and four Thunderbolt 3 ports. For cooling, the iMac Pro comes with a new thermal design that Apple claims could provide up to 80% more cooling capacity than the regular iMac. The iMac Pro will come with a keyboard and mouse of the same Space Gray color, which according to Apple, is exclusive to the iMac Pro itself. Pricing for the iMac Pro begins at USD4,999, with the product expected to ship out sometime in December. So yes, you won’t be able to get your hands on it for quite a while. If you’re looking to replace your aging iMac sooner, you might want to take a look at the newly refreshed iMac line. While all new iMacs are now powered by Intel’s Kaby Lake processor, the 21.5-inch Retina 4K iMac and the 27-inch Retina 5K iMac gets some additional upgrades. For both Retina 4K and 5K iMacs, the machines have been equipped with a new monitor that Apple claims is 43% brighter than its predecessor and supports one billion colors. On top of that, both machines sport a AMD Radeon Pro 500 series GPU. All iMac models will have two Thunderbolt 3 ports. The newly refreshed iMacs are now available for purchase with the prices starting at USD1,099 for the standard iMac model. MacBooks & MacBook Pros get refreshed In terms of announcements, the MacBook and MacBook Pros aren’t getting any major upgrades from the pre-existing models. That being said, Apple’s series of laptops will be getting hardware refreshes, with the MacBook Pro lines getting an upgrade to Intel’s Kaby Lake processors as well as faster SSDs. Speaking of MacBook Pros, Apple has also announced that a new 13-inch MacBook Pro will be making its way to the market. This particular laptop will be a base model, which means it doesn’t come with a Touch Bar. That aside, the new 13-inch MacBook Pro will sport a 500-nit Retina display and an Intel Core i7 processor. Prices for this variant of the MacBook Pro will begin at USD1,299. Rounding up the MacBook session, we’ve finally learned that Apple is not abandoning the MacBook Air after all. While the MacBook Air isn’t getting any large scale updates, Apple has decided to bump up the laptop’s performance by equipping it with a 1.8GHz processor. New 10.5″ iPad Pro & refreshed 12.9″ iPad Pro Are you a fan of the 9.7-inch iPad Pro? If you’ve answered yes to the question, I have some bad news for you – the 9.7-inch iPad Pro has been discontinued. To replace the 9.7-inch model, Apple has announced a new iPad Pro model that sports a bigger screen, 10.5-inches to be exactly. Alongside the 10.5-inch iPad Pro, Apple has also announced a refresh of the existing 12.9-inch iPad Pro. So what’s new with the 2017 batch of iPad Pros? For starters, the new iPad Pros now sport a new display technology dubbed as “ProMotion”. With it, the 120Hz panels on the iPad Pros can now be scaled according to the apps’ needs in order to conserve battery power. On top of that, this new technology can also help improve the Apple Pencil’s latency. Specifications-wise, the new iPad Pros now come equipped with the A10X Fusion processor, Apple’s newest processor that features a 6-core CPU and a 12-core GPU. The iPad Pros also sport the same 12MP camera found on the iPhone 7, complete with optical image stabilization technology, and a 7MP FaceTime HD camera. Despite the upgrade, the new iPad Pros will still be able to last up to 10 hours on a single charge. Prices for the 10.5-inch iPad Pro begins at USD649, while the 12.9-inch iPad Pro starts at USD799. HomePod – Apple’s very own smart speaker Rumors were going around for months that Apple is busy working on a smart speaker. At WWDC 2017, those rumors were proven true as the company debuted the HomePod at the event’s Keynote speech. Measuring at seven feet tall and covered in a mesh fabric cover, the HomePod is more or less Apple’s answer to the Amazon Echo and the Google Home. Powered by an A8 processor, the HomePod revolves around Apple’s Siri assistant. Operating the speaker is pretty standard fare as all the user needs to do is say “Hey Siri” and the speaker will spring to life, allowing the user to give it commands. Much like other smart speakers, the HomePod is capable of giving the user information like news, traffic conditions, reminders and more. In addition to assistant-like features, the HomePod can also be used to control your HomeKit-powered smart devices as the speaker comes with HomeKit integration. Seeing as the device is a speaker, the HomePod comes integrated with Apple Music. Apple did not mention if the HomePod will play nice with other music streaming services (Spotify etc), although I wouldn’t hold my breath over that happening anytime soon. So what makes the HomePod different from other smart speakers? Well, Apple’s offering is spatially aware, allowing the speaker to adjust the quality of the audio to adapt to the room it is in. While the tech behind it remains a secret, Apple did manage to demo this feature during the presentation. Much like the iMac Pro mentioned above, the HomePod isn’t available just yet. The smart speaker will retail for USD349, and is expected to ship to the U.S., U.K., and Australia in December. If you live outside these aforementioned countries, you’ll only be able to get your hands on a HomePod in 2018. Now that we’ve gotten the hardware out of the way, let’s move on to the software side of things. For this year’s WWDC, Apple has decided to focus on three particular topics: iOS11, macOS High Sierra and watchOS 4. iOS11 It wouldn’t be a WWDC if Apple did not preview their latest version of iOS and WWDC 2017 is no different thanks to iOS 11. A more intelligent Siri With Apple’s latest version of iOS, the operating system is getting a few new tricks up its sleeve. We start of this part by talking about Siri, as Apple’s digital assistant is getting the machine learning treatment which would allow it to sound “more natural”. Besides sounding more natural, Siri will now be capable of performing live translations from English to Chinese, French, German, Italian, and Spanish. Apple has mentioned that more languages will be supported over time. Taking a page out of Cortana and Google Assistant’s book, Apple is also implementing something called on-device learning to Siri. With this system in place, Siri can now give suggestions that are based on personal usage of Safari, News, Mail, Messages and more. Furthermore, information that is used by on-device learning is synced across all of the user’s Apple devices, allowing Siri to work more efficiently. Finally, users who would like a change of tone in Siri will soon be able to do so as Apple is adding a male voice to the assistant. Apple Pay Cash Card The next feature that will be expanded upon with iOS 11 is Apple Pay. With iOS 11, Apple is introducing an Apple Pay Cash Card system that lets users store funds that were received via peer-to-peer transactions. Money held by the Cash Card system can then be transferred over to your personal bank account. This system will be integrated into iMessage as well, which is great for those who want to send money to someone in their contacts list. Do Not Disturb While Driving Personal safety is yet another subject that Apple is seeking to tackle with iOS 11 and the company is doing so by way of a feature called Do Not Disturb While Driving. As the name of the feature might clue you in, Do Not Disturb While Driving will cause your iOS device to block all notifications and blank out the screen when you’re driving. The system can also be configured to automatically send messages that read I’m driving if the user decides to do so. App Store Redesigned Apple’s App Store will also be undergoing a major visual overhaul with iOS 11. While a large portion of the changes are cosmetic, Apple has added a few new features to the new App Store such as a new Today tab, a dedicated Games tab, as well as editorial-based content such as how-tos and “making off” stories. More other features Other features that will be coming to iOS 11 includes a new camera app that utilises the High Efficiency Image File Format (HEIF) for better image compression and a redesigned Control Center that can be squeezed into a single screen. iOS 11 will also come with iPad-only features like a new Mac-like dock, a new drag-and-drop feature that lets you move information or media from one split-screen app to another, and a new file management app that is simply called “Files”. iOS 11 is now available in Developer Beta form starting from today. The full version of iOS 11 is expected to be ready in Fall. macOS High Sierra If you’re one of the few people who joked about how Windows 10’s next major update is called the unimaginative Fall Creators Update, then macOS High Sierra would be perfect joke material for you. Boring choice of name aside, macOS High Sierra will see Apple continue to work on the macOS Sierra platform by introducing improvements to the operating system’s performance, security and storage efficiency. For the performance side of things, Apple claims that the High Sierra update will see the Safari browser outperform Google’s Chrome browser in Javascript performance by as much as 80%. Alongside Javascript improvements, High Sierra will also see the introduction of the Metal 2 graphics technology. The successor to the original Metal, Metal 2 will introduce Virtual Reality support to the operating system. Seeing as VR requires some serious horsepower from the machine attempting to run it, Apple is looking to produce an external graphics solution that can be used by MacBooks. For now, this external graphics solution is only available as a Developer Kit. The Photos app is also getting a rework with macOS High Sierra as well. Currently used as a photo management app that sports some simplistic editing tools, Apple is looking to rework Photos into a proper photo editing workshop that can challenge the likes of Adobe Photoshop. Finally, the macOS High Sierra update will see Apple introduce the Apple File System (APFS), which will be replacing the outdated Hierarchical File System. This change is expected to improve the security and safety of the files while performing faster than the previous system. Much like iOS 11, the Developer Beta for macOS High Sierra is now available. macOS High Sierra will be made available to all Macs that are capable of supporting macOS Sierra in Fall. watchOS 4 Rounding up the list of WWDC 2017 reveals, we have watchOS 4, the next big update to the Apple Watch’s OS. With this upcoming update, Apple will be introducing a Siri watchface that displays relevant information prominently on the screen. By using machine learning, the Siri watchface is able to display information that may prove useful at any given point in time. For those who use Apple Watch for fitness purposes, the updates that are made to the Workout app will be a great boon. For starters, the app now comes with new motion and heart rate algorithms for High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) workouts, and the new GymKit platform lets the Apple Watch communicate with fitness machines like treadmills, indoor bikes, and more. Finally, watchOS 4 will come with a redesigned Music app that lets the Apple Watch automatically sync Apple Music playlists. The Music app will also be capable of supporting multiple playlists. watchOS 4 is now available in Developer Preview form. The full version of watchOS 4 is expected to go live in Fall. ...© 2007‐2017 Hongkiat.com (HKDC). All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of materials found on this site, in any form, without explicit permission is prohibited. Publishing policy ‐ Privacy Policy Close Search Search Hongkiat Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest LinkedIn Google+ Youtube Reddit Dribbble Behance Github CodePen Email
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Tuesday’s Vital Data: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) and Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Options activity provides a look at expectations on AMD, NVDA and AMZN By Joseph Hargett, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 6, 2017, 9:09 am EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Long Chesapeake Energy Corporation (CHK) Stock? Give Up. Get Paid to Ride the GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Bearishness Wednesday’s Vital Data: Tesla Inc (TSLA), Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) and Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Recent Posts: Thursday’s Vital Data: Tesla Inc (TSLA), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Pandora Media Inc (P) Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is the REAL E-Commerce Giant 2 Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Trades for Big, Bullish Profits View All Posts U.S. stock futures are headed lower this morning, as the reality of this week’s geopolitical slate hit Wall Street. The recent NSA leak on Russian interference with the 2016 election upped the stakes for former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee later this week, and the U.K. election continues to heat up, with potentially serious consequences for Brexit. As a result, traders are seeking out safe havens following recent market highs. Heading into the open, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are down 0.23%, while S&P 500 futures have lost 0.25% and Nasdaq-100 futures have fallen 0.21%. On the options front, volume evaporated on Monday, as only about 12.1 million calls and 10.1 million puts crossed the tape. On the CBOE, rampant call activity forced the single-session equity put/call volume ratio to plunge to 0.51, its lowest reading of the past six months. As a result, the 10-day moving average retreated once again to 0.61 — on the verge of its own multimonth low. Topping Monday’s options activity, Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) saw call volume surge as tech experts weighed in on the latest Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) offering, and found it lacking. Meanwhile, Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and other semiconductor makers continued to receive a boost from Computex 2017 in Taipei. Finally, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is targeting government assistance consumers for Prime expansion. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) When Intel announced its new Core i9 processor line-up, analysts lined up to praise the offering as a major blow to AMD’s recent efforts … even I jumped on the bandwagon. But the tech experts have had time to finally weigh in, and the new Core i9 appears to be embarrassingly rushed compared with AMD’s Threadripper platform. Pricing was immediately evident, with AMD having a clear edge, but Intel’s confusing architecture on the new i9 processors has led more than a few tech experts to express deep concern over the CPU (video). As a result, AMD stock bounced back more than 3% on Monday, recovering most of the ground it lost following Intel’s announcement. What’s more, AMD options traders are pouring back into calls, with these typically bullish bets making up an above-average 81% of the more than 270,000 contracts traded yesterday. A closer look at June open interest reveals that calls have quickly become the options of choice among short-term traders. Specifically, the June put/call OI ratio has plunged from its mid-May perch at 1.04 to its current reading of 0.63, with calls being added at a considerably faster pace than puts in the past several weeks. Remember, this bullish enthusiasm comes amid a fresh offering from Intel, which is quickly falling flat with the tech community. Look for more upside for AMD as this story plays out. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/tuesday-vital-data-advanced-micro-devices-inc-amd-nvidia-corporation-nvda-amazon-com-inc-amzn/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Sections Login / Register Blogs EURACTIV Network Search Agrifood Agrifood CAP reform Food chain sustainability Food labelling Food safety GMOs Nutrition and health Organic food Pesticides Precision farming Single market for food Digital Digital #Media4EU Broadband Cybersecurity Data protection Digital Single Market e Commerce Insurance Internet governance Internet of Things Radio spectrum Sharing economy Smart cities Telecoms regulation Economy & Jobs Economy & Jobs Competition Education Euro & Finance Innovation & Industry Regional Policy Social Europe & Jobs Trade & Society Energy & Environment Energy & Environment Air Pollution Circular economy Climate change Energy Green finance Science & Policymaking Sustainable Development water policy Global Europe Global Europe Africa Arab Spring Central Europe Development Policy Enlargement Europe's East Med & South Neighbourhood policy Turkey World Health Health Active ageing Alcohol Clinical trials Diabetes, Cancer, Hepatitis Endocrine disruptors Health literacy Healthcare and austerity Heart disease Medical devices Personalised drugs Sports Tobacco Politics Politics Brexit Elections EU Priorities 2020 Freedom of thought Future EU Justice & Home Affairs Languages & Culture Public Affairs Security Transport Transport Automated vehicles Aviation Electric cars Public transport accessibility Railways Road charging Road safety Trucks and CO2 Home Opinions Energy & Environment Energy Pipeline politics Gazprom’s antitrust case needs a robust approach Gazprom’s antitrust case needs a robust approach DISCLAIMER: All opinions in this column reflect the views of the author(s), not of EURACTIV.com PLC. PROMOTED CONTENT: This post is sponsored by a third party. PGNiG - Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo SA 06-06-2017 Margrethe Vestager [European Commission] Comments Print The European Commission’s numerous anti-trust cases over the years have had a significant impact on the functioning of the market affected by the practices in question. In Gazprom’s case, the outcome may be different – there is a danger that it will result in no effect at all. This op-ed was submitted by the Polish Oil and Gas Company (PGNiG). One of the main functions of the financial penalty imposed by the Commission for the violations of EU competition law is deterrence. If the Commission decides that a given case should be concluded with a prohibition decision with a fine, then it is up to the Commission to decide the level of fine needed to obtain the desired effect – with respect to both the company in question and other potential perpetrators. This is clearly recognised in the Commission’s fining guidelines. It is worth noting that the highest fine imposed by the Commission on one company in the past was one for abuse of dominant position. In the landmark case of Intel’s rebates, the Commission decided that the American company will have to pay over €1 billion of fine. In another case, Microsoft was fined with almost €500 million for abuse of dominant position by refusing to supply interoperability information and tying its products. Both of the cases spurred fierce discussion, as the practices in question were not evidently anti-competitive from both a legal and economic point of view. The decision in the Microsoft case was eventually upheld by the EU courts, while the Intel case is still pending (the Commission has won in first instance). In the gas sector, the Commission has avoided imposing fines by applying a very strict approach when it comes to the commitment decisions issued. The Commission has pushed companies from Italy (ENI), France (GdF), and Germany (RWE, E.On) to radically change their way of doing business. In two of the cases mentioned above – ENI and RWE – companies had to not only alter their well-established and long-time business practices (by reducing long-term capacity bookings on pipelines and entry points), but also to actually divest part of their assets. These radical deals were widely discussed at the time of the adoption of the decisions. However, the decisions allowed to create competitive gas markets in Italy, France, and Germany, which in the case of the latter allowed for an early termination of the E.On decision. Why Gazprom’s case seems to be different In Gazprom’s case, the Commission follows the established path concerning the gas sector despite having solid ground to adopt a prohibition decision with a fine. However, one would expect that since the commission decided not to impose fines, it would require far-reaching commitments which would fully address competition infringements. But contrary to these expectations, the Commission agreed on commitments that don’t prevent Gazprom from both imposing excessive prices and segmenting the market. Gazprom’s practice of tying the infrastructure and trade issues was, without any particular reason, not addressed at all in respect to Poland. This lenient approach towards the Russian company is striking, especially when one compares it with past decisions concerning American, German, French, or Italian undertakings. The Commission knows very well that the antitrust is not the only challenge it must face when it comes to relations with Gazprom. The Commission is about to start negotiations concerning the legal framework for the Nord Stream 2 project, strongly pursued by the Russian company and not supported by any EU member state, with growing opposition from Central European countries. The long-lasting struggle between the EU and Russia in the WTO on the 3rd Energy Package is nowhere close to an end. Finally, the Commission’s decision from 2016 allowing Gazprom to have a monopoly over the OPAL pipeline was effectively stopped by the EU Court of Justice. Struggling with Gazprom and/or the Russian Federation on so many fronts requires the Commission to be well-coordinated and have a clear long-term policy towards the Russian challenge. There is no room for inconsistencies between various DG’s and for vulnerability to Russian lobbying. Russia will inevitably be present on the European market for long decades to come, as will Algeria, Norway and the Middle East countries. However, no other company except Gazprom is challenging the EU market and competition rules, as well as the energy law system itself. It would, of course, be easiest for Gazprom if the terms of cooperation were established on the political level. Nevertheless, the strength of the EU market comes from the strict enforcement of the acquis. This must be the case also with respect to Gazprom. The OPAL case shows that if EU law is applied to the letter, the market will protect itself. If the EU rules are bypassed – this results in monopoly. It is obvious that the Commission is in strong need of political, market, and energy stakeholders’ support if it is to stand against Gazprom’s policy aimed at dominating the Central European energy market. The energy undertakings did their share by broadly contributing to the Commission’s market test with a variety of in-depth proposals on how to prevent Gazprom from abusing its dominant position. So did the member states and national regulatory authorities, which gave their full support for the Commission to introduce all possible measures designed to protect competition and the internal energy market. It is now time for the Commission to take advantage of this unprecedented support and put constraints on the growing Russian reluctance to treat EU competition and energy law seriously. The text of PGNiG’s reply to the market test can be found here. Comments Print Topics   Competition Economy & Jobs Energy Energy & Environment gazprom Microsoft Pipeline politics Poland Advertisement Supporters Popular Topics 1Brexit GDP losses to dwarf Britain's EU budget contributions 2EU to block US attempts to cut bilateral trade deals with members 3Commission readies sanctions against the Visegrad Four 4The Brief: EU and China will take revenge on Trump for ditching climate deal 5Turkey wages war against Greek fishermen 6Report: Armenia and Azerbaijan closer to war over Nagorno-Karabakh 7Soros: Britain could reunite with the EU before the divorce is completed 8Germany to propose cutting funds to EU members that violate rule of law 9Bulgaria seeks access to the euro waiting room 10Development expert: ‘Haiti would be better off without international aid’ EURACTIV Members Advertisement Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. About EURACTIV Concept & Objectives Editorial Mission Submit an Opinion The Brief Trans-Europe Express EURACTIV.COM plc Media Partners & Network EURACTIV’s Partners Media Innovation Projects Press Office Readership Surveys Press Releases Netiquette Other FAQs Communication Services EURACTIV Events Corporate Services EURACTIV Membership Multimedia Services EURACTIV Network Projects Advertise JobSite, Agenda & PR Post A Job Latest Jobs Post Your Event Post Your PR Fondation EURACTIV About Yellow Academy Moderations Internships EURACTIV Network Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us × Search Close Search Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us
Patently Apple Home Archives Contact Us Subscribe Twitter Facebook Patently Mobile « Apple Wins 49 Patents today and introduces an all-new Thermal Heat Feedback Feature for iDevices including a Ring | Main | Apple's CEO admits to Assisting the UK Government with Recent Terrorist Investigations » June 06, 2017 An Overview of Apple's New Hardware Including the Beastly First-Gen 'iMac Pro' that Goes on Sale this December   In April Apple's SVP Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller talked about the company reinventing the Mac Pro from being a tower computer to one that will be in a new modular form factor. In the interim, Schiller noted that there would be new iMacs this year for pros and yesterday Apple revealed their beastly iMac Pro that will launch in December (for some markets).     The iMac Pro is an entirely new workstation-class product line designed for pro users with the most demanding workflows. The all-new iMac Pro, with its gorgeous 27-inch Retina 5K display, up to 18-core Xeon processors and up to 22 Teraflops of graphics computation, is the most powerful Mac ever made. Featuring a stunning new space gray enclosure, iMac Pro packs incredible performance for advanced graphics editing, virtual reality content creation and real-time 3D rendering. iMac Pro is scheduled to ship in December starting at $4,999 (US).     In addition to the new iMac Pro, Apple is working on a completely redesigned, next-generation Mac Pro architected for pro customers who need the highest-end, high-throughput system in a modular design, as well as a new high-end pro display.   John Ternus, Apple's vice president of Hardware Engineering: "We're thrilled to give developers and customers a sneak peek at iMac Pro. This will be our fastest and most powerful Mac ever, which brings workstation-class computing to iMac for the first time. We reengineered the whole system and designed an entirely new thermal architecture to pack extraordinary performance into the elegant, quiet iMac enclosure our customers love — iMac Pro is a huge step forward and there's never been anything like it."   Featuring next-generation Intel Xeon processors up to 18 cores, iMac Pro is designed to handle the most demanding pro workflows. With an all-flash architecture and all-new thermal design, iMac Pro delivers up to 80 percent more cooling capacity in the same thin and seamless iMac design. And with a new space gray enclosure and gorgeous 27-inch Retina 5K display with support for 1 billion colors, iMac Pro is as stunning as it is powerful.   The Most Advanced Graphics Ever in a Mac   The iMac Pro will come with the new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, the most advanced graphics ever in a Mac. Featuring a new next-generation compute core and up to 16GB of on-package high-bandwidth memory (HBM2), iMac Pro with the Vega GPU delivers up to an amazing 11 Teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and immersive, high frame rate VR. And for half-precision computation, ideal for machine learning, iMac Pro delivers up to an incredible 22 Teraflops of performance.   Fast Storage and Advanced I/O   iMac Pro also supports up to 4TB of SSD and up to 128GB of ECC memory, and with four Thunderbolt 3 ports can connect to up to two high-performance RAID arrays and two 5K displays at the same time. For the first time ever on a Mac, iMac Pro features 10Gb Ethernet for up to 10 times faster networking.   Upgraded Macs   Apple introduced upgraded MacBook Pros and iMacs yesterday that provide quite the leap in performance and brighter displays. The new iMacs now have the power to edit 360° video in apps like Final Cut Pro and create cutting-edge 3D VR content.   Apple's macOS High Sierra coming this fall will deliver advanced technologies for storage, video and graphics   Apple's new iMacs focus on the Intel i5 Core processor and they look like they'll pack quite the punch. For some reason Apple chose to skip Intel's i7 processor that are now shipping with Dell all-in-ones and towers. This fall Intel systems with i9 Core with 10 to 18 cores will ship for Windows PCs as will AMD Threadripper systems with up to 16 cores. The one thing about the VR revolution is that it's pushed PC OEMs to push their hardware to crazy faster system. So all will benefit from these powerful new 2017 PCs.   New iPad Pro 10.5" Model   To round off Apple's Hardware was the debut of the new 10.5" iPad Pro. The new iPad Pro that's available in the U.S. today offers a new customizable dock for your apps that blurs the line with this common 0macOS feature. You're now able to drag a new app from the dock to the display and create a split screen with another app.     It also provides improved multitasking, a new 'Files' app, multi-touch drag and drop which really looks great, a new document scanner in Notes and deeper integration with Apple Pencil with support with inline drawing to write along in Notes, Mail and more.   While a standard LCD display offers 60Hz refresh rate, the new iPad Pro offers 120Hz. According to Apple, the increased refresh rate makes Apple Pencil feel more natural and responsive. The CPU is now 30% faster while its graphics is 40% faster You could check out more about the new iPad Pro here.   And in case you blinked, Apple's introduced a new "iPad Sleeve" for the new iPad Pro that's completely different than the iPad Cover. The sleeve offers new 10.5" iPad users a way to store their Apple Pen. There's also an Apple Pen case as well.     While the advances in the iPad Pro are significant, you could tell that Apple is keeping their dual lens camera with its popular Portrait mode feature for their 12.9" iPad Pro update that will likely be introduced this fall.   All in all Macites had to be pleased with Apple's move to make the pro community happy. The leap in performance at all levels makes it a greate time to upgrade.   About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Those using abusive language or behavior will result in being blacklisted on Disqus.     Posted by Jack Purcher on June 06, 2017 at 08:39 AM in 5. Apple News | Permalink Comments Verify your Comment Previewing your Comment Posted by:  |  This is only a preview. Your comment has not yet been posted. Your comment could not be posted. Error type: Your comment has been saved. Comments are moderated and will not appear until approved by the author. Post another comment The letters and numbers you entered did not match the image. Please try again. As a final step before posting your comment, enter the letters and numbers you see in the image below. This prevents automated programs from posting comments. Having trouble reading this image? View an alternate. Post a comment Comments are moderated, and will not appear until the author has approved them. Comment below or sign in with Typepad Facebook TwitterGoogle+and more... You are currently signed in as (nobody). Sign Out (You can use HTML tags like <b> <i> and <ul> to style your text. URLs automatically linked.) Your Information (Name is required. Email address will not be displayed with the comment.) Name is required to post a comment Please enter a valid email address Invalid URL Please enable JavaScript if you would like to comment on this blog. Search Recent Posts Apple's iPhone 8 OLED Panel Production begins at Month's End A new 3D Mapping Invention from Apple could be used in connection to a Future UI that Recognizes Gestures Industry Insiders Claim Apple working on their Augmented Reality Headset that will Indeed use a Micro-LED Display Future iPhone's will use 5nm Chips to Support AR, AI, Deep Learning and Provide Power for Days The Premier Episode of 'Planet of the App' Aired Last Night Exclusively on Apple Music Apple Changes Tune, will have 400 Display Repair Machines in Third Party Establishments by Year's End Apple's CEO Welcomed Michelle Obama for a Fireside Chat at WWDC 2017 Apple's CEO admits to Assisting the UK Government with Recent Terrorist Investigations An Overview of Apple's New Hardware Including the Beastly First-Gen 'iMac Pro' that Goes on Sale this December Categories 1. Patent Applications 2. Granted Patents 3. Patently Legal 4. Trademark, Design 5. Apple News 6A - Rumors, Supply Chain + 6B. Non-Apple Reports, Editorials, Opinons 7. Apple / Market Statistics 8. Apple Events & Financial News 9. 3D, Siri, Facial/Audio Biometrics Apple Accessories Apple iPad Apple iPhone Apple iPod Apple Macs Apple Pay Apple Pencil + Apple Store Apple Watch AppleTV Augmented Reality Biometrics Camera Related Cellular MacBook Devices, Components Display Technology Displays - Flexible, Foldable Haptics & Sensors Haptics, Sensors & Tactile Maps/Indoor Mapping + Materials, Processes Non-Apple - Patent Reports Projection Related Software + OS Wireless Charging See More Patently Apple Also check out our other IP blog called Patently Mobile
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us 5 things to watch in Comey’s testimony on Trump and Russia GOP uncertainty over Obamacare drives out insurers Paul Ryan’s debt ceiling conundrum White-collar lawyers see opportunity in Trump scandals Trump ‘all in’ on Senate Obamacare repeal The Scandal Hiding In Plain Sight Politico Huddle A play-by-play preview of the day's congressional news Get the Huddle Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print TRUMP MEETS WITH GOP LEADERS – White House won’t block Comey testimony – SENATE AIMING FOR JUNE OBAMACARE REPEAL VOTE – Runoff for Becerra seat today 06/06/2017 07:45 AM EDT By Heather Caygle (hcaygle@politico.com or @heatherscope) TRUMP HUDDLES WITH GOP LEADERS — President Donald Trump will meet with Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell at the White House later this afternoon. Vice President Mike Pence, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn are also expected to attend. The meeting comes as Trump continues to shove several big ticket items – repealing Obamacare, overhauling the tax code, an ambitious infrastructure plan – toward Capitol Hill with little progress to show for it. Story Continued Below Roadblocks ahead: The ongoing investigations into potential Trump campaign ties to Russia are overwhelming the president’s agenda, his legislative director told reporters Monday night. “There’s no doubt that keeping members focused on investigations detracts from our legislative agenda, detracts from what we’re trying to deliver for the American people,” said Marc Short, Trump’s director of legislative affairs, in a briefing with reporters on Monday night. And Trump’s latest endorsement of a controversial plan to privatize air traffic control, which he backed in a Monday ceremony at the White House, just adds to the already looming legislative pile up on the Hill, Andrew Restuccia and Lauren Gardner report. Reality check: More than four months into his presidency, Trump has achieved very little on Capitol Hill, Matthew Nussbaum and Bres report. “Obamacare is still the law of the land, funding for a border wall with Mexico is bogged down in partisan fighting, Trump’s budget proposal was dead on arrival, and the White House is way behind schedule on sending executive-branch nominees to the Senate for consideration.” And now the White House says it wants health care finished by this summer, a tax reform bill introduced after Labor Day and is even hinting at a possible shutdown fight come fall. Much more: http://politi.co/2rwtdrl MEET ME AT THE CROSSROADS — Senate GOP leaders are pushing their members to make a decision on repealing Obamacare, hoping to vote on the issue before the Fourth of July recess. McConnell (R-Ky.) and other Republican leaders still hope to tackle tax reform this year and don’t want to spend the next six months debating the health care law instead. McConnell will present a repeal blueprint to his members at lunch later today but some big questions (like how to tackle Obamacare’s Medicaid expansion) still remain. “I don’t think this gets better over time,” said Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), a member of leadership. “So my personal view is we’ve got until now and the Fourth of July to decide if the votes are there or not. And I hope they are.” GOP leaders could unveil a draft repeal bill by the end of this week. Jen Haberkorn and Burgess with the latest: http://politi.co/2rwiddK Greek Chorus: Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) on Monday joined a cadre of other Republicans who are now openly saying they don’t think an Obamacare repeal is going to happen this year. "I just don't think we put it together among ourselves,” Graham told reporters Monday. “I've always believed, let Obamacare collapse, which it will and challenge the Democrats to help us fix it.” Related: The 13 senators to watch on the health care debate, via Roll Call’s Joe Williams and Ryan Kelly: http://bit.ly/2rwq8aQ WHITE HOUSE WON’T BLOCK COMEY — Former FBI Director James Comey is expected to “talk in detail” about his conversations with Trump when he testifies before the Senate Intelligence Committee Thursday, CNN reports. Comey, though, is not expected to divulge information about the ongoing Russia investigation, according to Intel Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.). The White House announced Monday it won’t use executive privilege to try to block Comey from testifying. DUDE, WHERE’S MY FRIDAY? Welcome to Tuesday, June 6 and thanks for reading POLITICO’s Huddle, the play-by-play guide to all things Capitol Hill. MONDAY’S MOST READ: Kyle and Austin’s story previewing the Senate Intel hearing with Comey was the winner. WHITE HOUSE STALLS ITS NOMINEES — Trump spent part of Monday lashing out at Democrats for stalling his nominees. But as Seung Min reports this morning, it’s actually his own administration that’s frequently holding up the necessary paperwork. “At least 17 of Trump’s nominees took more than a month to be officially sent to the Senate, at which point the vetting by senators and aides can begin in earnest, according to a POLITICO analysis,” SMK writes. “It’s unclear exactly why the Trump White House has been so slow to officially submit some nominees’ paperwork, but it comes amid broader struggles by the new president to vet senior officials and staff his administration.” More: http://politi.co/2rw3oaO RYAN RAMPS UP FUNDRAISING — Speaker Paul Ryan raised $22 million for House Republicans in the first five months of this year, far outpacing the $16.5 million he raised in the same period last year. Rachael with more: http://politi.co/2r1jJAJ ** A message from Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America: It is imperative that state laws concerning sales and delivery of wine, beer and spirits be respected. WSWA is opposed to permitting direct shipment of beverage alcohol via the U.S. Postal Service. ** DEMS DEMAND TRUMP HOTEL RECORDS — House Oversight Democrats are intensifying their demands for various records related to the Trump Hotel in Washington, invoking an obscure 1928 law in a Monday letter that allows any seven members of the panel to request information from the administration. The letter comes after reports last week of a Trump administration directive instructing federal agencies to ignore oversight requests from Democrats. Josh Gerstein with more: http://politi.co/2rw2V8v COMING ATTRACTIONS — McConnell has teed up a Senate vote this week on an Iran sanctions bill that has bipartisan support. But the bill could be used as a vehicle by senators looking to debate sanctions on Russia for meddling in the election last year or by others, like Sens. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) and Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), who want to force a vote on a resolution blocking Trump’s weapons deal with Saudi Arabia, Elana reports. MONEY BALL — Democrats have come within single digits of winning House districts in deep-red parts of Montana and Kansas this year. But with the Georgia special election right around the corner, Republicans are still outspending them by millions of dollars, sparking an intraparty battle on the left about who should be pitching in to make up the difference and when. “I think for a lot of the Democratic big donors that we have, it’s hard to get them to write a $250,000 or a $500,000 check for one House seat in the off year in a district that is very uphill,” one fundraiser told the Washington Post. Mike DeBonis and David Weigel: http://wapo.st/2sKq70S RUNOFF TO REPLACE BECERRA TODAY — Voters in L.A. head to the polls today to decide who will replace former Rep. Xavier Becerra, now the state’s attorney general. Becerra and other establishment Democrats have backed Jimmy Gomez, a member of the California State Assembly. Gomez is facing off against Robert Lee Ahn, a former city planning commissioner. The L.A. Times: http://lat.ms/2rwgi8N NEW YORK STATE OF MIND — New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo is holding a kickoff rally in Washington Square Park today in an effort to help Democrats take back the House in 2018, the Daily News reports. New York Republicans who could be targeted between now and 2018: Reps. John Faso, Claudia Tenney, Elise Stefanik, Chris Collins, Lee Zeldin and Peter King. Kenneth Lovett reports: http://nydn.us/2sJZZ5V OFF MESSAGE PODCAST — Donald Trump has a staffing problem. And that's slowing operations and brewing complaints even among his closest allies including Linda McMahon, his appointed Small Business Administrator. McMahon, a close friend and ally of Donald Trump who is best known for her wrestling business-turned-empire WWE, sits down with Isaac Dovere in this week’s Off Message podcast. Listen and subscribe: iTunes | Panoply | Stitcher TODAY IN CONGRESS — The Senate meets at 10 a.m. with party lunches from 12:30 p.m. to 2 p.m. The chamber will vote on the nomination of Courtney Elwood, nominee to be the CIA's general counsel, at 2:15 p.m. The House meets at 12 p.m. with votes at 6:30 p.m. Today’s agenda: http://bit.ly/2rvZHBT. AROUND THE HILL — Sens. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) hold a 10:30 a.m. press conference in the Senate studio on tax breaks in the House GOP plan to repeal Obamacare. Sens. Bob Casey (D-Pa.), Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.), Wyden and Van Hollen hold an 11:30 a.m. press conference in the Senate swamp on potential GOP cuts to Medicaid. Vice President Mike Pence will huddle with Senate Republicans during their weekly lunch starting at 12:30 p.m. Pence and President Trump will meet with House and Senate GOP leaders at 3 p.m. at the White House. Sens. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.), Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) and Todd Young (R-Ind.), and Reps. Lee Zeldin (R-N.Y.) and Francis Rooney (R-Fla.) will have dinner with Trump at 6:30 p.m. at the White House. MONDAY’S TRIVIA WINNER — Theodore Merkel was the first to guess that Ben Franklin appears above the doorway of the former Committee on Post Offices, the room now used by the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. The Architect of the Capitol blog has a great rundown of all the other places Franklin pops up around the Hill: http://bit.ly/2rLOpdi TODAY’S TRIVIA — Theodore with today’s question: In 2013, then-Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus opened a hearing with an ode to this former Treasury secretary. This person, who at one point was removed from his Senate seat by his colleagues, is credited with the amendment to make Ways and Means a permanent committee and was implicated for his role in an insurrection against the U.S. government. Who is this person? Send answers my way: hcaygle@politico.com GET HUDDLE emailed to your phone each morning. ** A message from Wine & Spirits Wholesalers of America: The American beverage alcohol industry has established an eight-decade record of success, fostering competition and innovation while preventing underage access, ensuring social responsibility and guaranteeing product integrity through strict regulatory oversight and state regulatory authority. This record is a result of the three-tier system and each tier’s commitment to working cooperatively with their licensing authorities. The 21st Amendment gives states the primary authority to regulate the manufacture, distribution and sale of beverage alcohol. As Congress works to make the U.S. Postal Service solvent, it is imperative that state laws concerning direct to consumer shipping of wine, beer and spirits be respected. WSWA opposes legislation that would permit the U.S. Postal Service to deliver beverage alcohol. Click here to watch how wholesalers help a bottle get to you. ** « View Archives This story tagged under: Congress Most Read Trump approval rating hits new low in Quinnipiac poll Trump White House lacks waivers for longtime lobbyists The Greatest Hearings in American History McCarthy: House will send Trump VA accountability bill next week Democrats zero in on voters who spurned them Big spending gap could decide Virginia governor primary White House again won't say if Trump has confidence in Sessions Trump ridicules 'obstructionist' Dems while calling on bipartisan support for infrastructure Huddle - POLITICO Archive Thursday, 6/8/17 Wednesday, 6/7/17 Tuesday, 6/6/17 Monday, 6/5/17 Friday, 6/2/17 View the Full Huddle Archives » Politico Magazine Comey's fizzle By Rich Lowry ‘If We Are Deported, Who Benefits?’ By Jessica Colotl The Greatest Hearings in American History By Joshua Zeitz Trump Joins the Campaign Against Qatar By Blake Hounshell More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Apple's WWDC, Distilled It took over two hours for Apple to go through six big announcements. We can break it down for you in a fraction of the time. Shortly after Apple CEO Tim Cook walked on stage yesterday, he made a proclamation. "This is going to be the best and biggest WWDC ever!" It's hard to know if it will actually be the best WWDC ever, but he's probably right about it being the biggest. He promised announcements across six major products, enough that it took well over 2 hours to get through them all. If you're a hardcore Apple superfan, you might as well kick back and watch the video of the entire ordeal. If you don't care that deeply about what the most valuable tech company on the planet is doing, if you just don't have that kind of time, we've got you covered. Here are the essentials of what you need to know about what Apple announced yesterday. watchOS 4 Another year, another version of the operating system upon which Apple Watch runs. Highlights include: New watchfaces - From Toy Story to a smart Siri face that suggests personalized info on cards resembling the iOS lock screen suggestions. Activity and workouts - Smarter personal coaching, monthly challenges, and updated workouts. Soon, Apple Watch will be able to exchange data with workout equipment (but your gym will need to buy new equipment this fall). Music - Automatically syncs music it thinks you will want, so you can leave your phone behind and just use your AirPods when you go for a run. A new dock - Vertically scrolling cards instead of horizontally flipping through pages. The reaction so far: Tepid. Most of the new features in watchOS 4 are small quality-of-life improvements and interface tweaks. They're appreciated, but this isn't the major improvement that watchOS 3 was. It feels like watchOS 3.1. macOS Apple said that the current version, macOS Sierra, is so good that it wanted to spend this year "perfecting" it. The new OS will be called macOS High Sierra and will be a free upgrade in the fall for all Macs that support macOS Sierra. Here's what's it has in store. Sarfari - Adds intelligent autoplay blocking and intelligent tracking prevention, and a lot of speed. Apple says it's the "world's fastest desktop browser." Photos - New editing features, as well as support for 3rd party printing services. APFS - Apple is replacing the old HFS+ file system with Apple File System, which adds a lot of modern features like fast file cloning, full disk encryption, snapshots, and enhanced crash protection. H.265 video compression - Also called HEVC, this new compression standard is what you find on 4K Blu-ray discs. Old macs will get a software-based decoder, while newer macs will have hardware acceleration. Final Cut Pro, Compressor, and Motion will all gain support. Metal 2 - Apple's low-level programming interface for graphics processors gets a sequel, with even better efficiency and features for VR as well as machine learning. The reaction so far: Apple was right to call this a refinement of macOS Sierra. There are no major new features here for consumers outside of VR support, and only the most powerful new macs will have the necessary graphics hardware to handle VR well. Everything else is an app update or an under-the-hood developer feature. Macs Apple updated nearly the entire Mac line, but if you're waiting on a new Mac Pro, you're going to have to wait a little longer. Macbook and Macbook Pro - These laptops are updated to Intel's new Kaby Lake processors, with faster SSDs and faster graphics on the top-end Pro model. iMac - The displays are improved with higher brightness (500 nits) and 10-bit color dithering. Like the laptops, they also get an update to Intel's new 7th generation (Kaby Lake) processors. There are now two USB-C connectors that support Thunderbolt 3, and the whole line gets faster Radeon Pro graphics. iMac Pro - Though not available until the end of the year, Apple gave us a sneak peek of a new iMac Pro. It looks like an iMac, but in space grey black. A new cooling system lets it use new Xeon processors with up to 18 cores. Even the entry-level model is an 8-core CPU, and AMD's new Radeon Vega graphics processor pushes the pixels. It's a very powerful workstation, but it's not coming until December, and the starting price is $5,000. VR - Some of the new iMacs finally have graphics fast enough for high quality VR. Valve is bringing its SteamVR platform to the Mac, and engines like Unity and Unreal will support VR on Macs as well. The reaction so far: Everyone is waiting on the eventual reveal of the new Mac Pro, and this wasn't it. And while it's great that most of the Mac line is catching up to Windows PCs by making the jump to Intel's 7th generation processors (Kaby Lake), there are lots Macbook Air fans who feel left out. That new iMac Pro is impressive, and video pros are nodding with approval after years of feeling neglected. iOS 11 Apple's most popular operating system ever is the one that runs on its hundreds of millions of phones and tablets. We got a look at some of the features, though many of them are actually app updates, as Apple updates its core apps only when the operating system is updated. We'll probably hear about a few more features this fall when the new iPhone is announced, too. New lockscreen and control center - You can now get your full list of notifications on the lock screen with a quick upward swipe. Control Center (the quick settings menu when you swipe from the bottom of the home screen) now takes over the entire screen and has simpler widgets that expand when you 3D touch on them. Messages - Messages are now backed up to iCloud, so you get your whole message history when you sign in to a new device, and keep message changes in sync across devices. You can also send money through Messages with Apple Pay, though the recipient gets money on a virtual Apple Cash Card, which you then have to manually transfer to your bank account if you want it. Siri gets smarter - There are refinements to the default female and male voices, and a new beta of a translation feature to help you say things in other languages. Siri also watches what you do to create suggestions in other apps—if you're talking about Hawaii in Messages, it might suggest a news story on Hawaii when you open the News app, for instance. Photos and Videos - Lots of little quality of life improvements, like picking the best frame of a Live Photo animation, creating automatic loops (for GIFs), and a new high-efficiency image format so shots take up less storage space. Maps and Driving - There are multiple small improvements to Apple Maps, like indoor maps of some malls and airports and lane guidance while driving. Another big driving safety feature is a new Do Not Distrub mode that can sense when you're driving and turn off notifications. App Store - After far too long, the App Store is getting a whole new look. There's a new Today tab and separate Apps and Games categories, along with a new layout for product pages. Files - iOS finally gets a proper file management app, complete with support for cloud storage services like Dropbox, Box, and Google Drive. Augmented Reality - ARKit is a new set of tools and interfaces for developers to make augmented reality apps. It works on "hundreds of millions" of iPhones and iPads, using image analysis and sensor data to find surfaces and estimate lighting, scale, and more. The reaction so far: The word I saw most in the comments on Apple news sites was "disappointment." Some users aren't thrilled with the look of the new Control Center, while others are upset that most of the best new features seem to be just for iPads. For iPhone users, most of the changes are minor, and as usual, many of the changes are just app updates (which Apple rolls up into OS updates). Apple typically holds back a few major features to announce along with the new iPhone in the fall, though. iPad Pro There's a new 10.5-inch model of the iPad Pro. It's physically similar in size to the current 9.7-inch iPads, only with much slimmer bezels. In addition to the new model, the 12.9-inch iPad Pro is getting and update. The 10.5-inch model starts at $649, and the 12.9-inch model still starts at $799. They ship next week. A10X Fusion - The new iPad Pros have a new A10X Fusion processor, with six cores (three high-performance and three high-efficiency) and a 12-core graphics chip. Better displays - The new iPads go up to 600 nits and have variable refresh rates that go up to 120Hz—double the typical 60Hz of other mobile displays. Camera - Apple gave the iPad Pro the same cameras, front and rear, as found on the iPhone 7. (Not the iPhone 7 Plus, with its two rear cameras and portrait mode!) It's nice to have upgrades, but people need to stop using iPads as cameras. Storage and price - Both iPad Pros now start with 64GB of storage, doubling the storage of the base model. The reaction so far: Apple fans have been clamoring for an iPad Pro at a somewhat smaller size and lower price. So they're happy with the new 10.5-inch model. iOS 11 will finally bring the features the iPad Pro needs to really be a proper laptop replacement, too. HomePod At $349, Apple's new smart home speaker costs double what you'd spend on Amazon Echo ($179) or Google Home ($129). It's aimed at providing a premium music experience, so Apple thinks it's worth more. So many speakers - There are seven tweeters to pump out directional sound, and a custom low-distortion woofer. Spacial awareness - Thanks to a six-microphone array, the HomePod can detect the sound qualities of the room and its location in it, and help shape a wider sound stage. Set up two and they work together. Siri in your living room - Of course there are lots of Siri-enabled music features, but it also does news, weather, sports, reminders, messages, timers, and controls your HomeKit appliances. The reaction so far: "Wait until you hear it!" Even the most loyal Apple fans are lamenting that it costs way more than Amazon and Google's competitive devices, but the assumption is that it will sound more like a good Sonos speaker. Let's face it, if you're committed to the Apple ecosystem, this is what you'd get anyway.
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks ENTERPRISE & IT WEARABLES Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Computex 2017 Intel CPUs GPUs Mobile AMD Smartphones Motherboards Laptops Home> Laptops HP Updates Their OMEN Gaming Lineup: Desktops, Notebooks, eGFX, and Displays by Brett Howse on June 6, 2017 5:00 AM EST Posted in Laptops Gaming HP Omen Desktop 15 Comments | Add A Comment 15 Comments + Add A Comment Today HP is announcing some updates to their OMEN lineup, which is their gaming brand. Gaming is still a high-margin segment of the PC space, so there is quite a bit of competition in this segment, and the more traditional PC makers like HP certainly want their piece of the pie. HP is no stranger to gaming PCs, and the OMEN lineup is the legacy of their acquisition of VoodooPC way back in 2006. The first announcement is the OMEN X Compact Desktop, which is a pretty interesting take on the small form factor desktop. There are a lot of advantages to smaller desktops, especially if you’re the type of person who needs to transport it from time to time, and with the latest CPUs and GPUs, you can fit a lot of compute into a small device now. HP has packed the OMEN X with a factory overclocked NVIDIA GTX 1080 GPU, and quad-core Intel 7th generation CPU, and the CPU options include unlocked models. HP says there is extra thermal headroom to allow end-users to overclock the system on their own. The interesting design twist though is that the compact desktop comes with an included docking station, and it offers hot-swappable batteries. HP is selling a backpack accessory to allow the OMEN X to be used as a portable, standalone VR system, and the docking station would allow you to quickly undock it from the normal desktop with keyboard, mouse, and display, and hook it up to the backpack. I’m not quite sure VR has taken off the way people hoped or expected, but regardless, this is a pretty nifty design, and the cooling system has been designed to exhaust the hot air away from the body, so the VR take on this desktop is not an afterthought. The OMEN X will be available in July starting at $2499, and the HP Backpack starts at $600. For those that want a more traditional desktop experience, with the capability to upgrade later with standard PC parts, HP is also offering the new OMEN by HP desktop. It can be outfitted with up to two graphics cards, and HP is offering both NVIDIA and AMD offerings. The NVIDIA side can go up to SLI GTX 1080 Ti cards, and if you go with AMD you can get up  to a Crossfire Radeon RX 580 setup. On the CPU side, HP is offering both Intel Core i5 and i7 desktop CPUs, including unlocked models, as well as AMD Ryzen CPUs which is great to see. Keeping everything cool is an optional liquid cooling setup. HP is also going all-in on the storage with PCIe SSDs, or SSDs plus HDDs for extra storage. The OMEN desktop is available today, starting at $900. HP’s OMEN laptops are also getting a refresh, with both the OMEN 15 and OMEN 17 getting a refresh. Although on the desktop HP is offering AMD Ryzen, the mobile chips from AMD are not yet available, so HP is sticking with 7th generation Intel Core CPUs, but they are offering both AMD and NVIDIA options on the GPU. The OMEN 15 can be configured with up to a Radeon RX 550, or NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 with Max Q. The larger OMEN 17 can be configured with up to a Radeon RX 580 or GeForce GTX 1070. There will be an optional UHD display with a 60 Hz refresh, or a 120 Hz FHD G-SYNC choice on the NVIDIA model, or a 60 Hz FHD FreeSync panel on the AMD model. HP is touting the ease of access to the HDD, SSD, and RAM, if you need to expand any of those. The OMEN 15 will be available on June 28th starting at $999.99, and the OMEN 17 starts at $1099.99. HP is also announcing an external graphics docking station called the OMEN by HP Accelerator. Unlike some of the other options on the market, HP will be offering it as a preconfigured option with either AMD or NVIDIA graphics, and it is configurable with a 2.5” 1 TB HDD, or 256 GB SSD, or just the empty enclosure with a 500 W power supply. Since it connects over USB-C Thunderbolt 3, it will allow single-cable docking with charging for the laptop as well over the single cable, and the dock includes four USB 3.0 ports and 1 USB 3.1 Type-C port, along with Ethernet. The OMEN by HP Accelerator will be available in August, starting at $299.99. HP is also announcing a pair of OMEN branded displays, with the OMEN by HP 25, and the OMEN by HP 27. The 25-inch model is a 1920x1080 panel with a 144 Hz refresh rate, and it allows panel overclocking. It features AMD FreeSync as well. The larger 27-inch model is a 2560x1440 resolution with a 165 Hz refresh rate, and it can be overclocked as well. The 27 features NVIDIA G-SYNC technology. Both appear to be TN panels, which still offer the highest refresh rate, even if the image reproduction suffers compared to IPS panels. The OMEN 25 display will be available June 26 for $279.99, and the OMEN 27 will be available June 8 for $799.99. Gallery: OMEN by HP Source: HP Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 15 Comments View All Comments jimjamjamie - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link What's everyone's opinion of this Omen brand? Their stuff seems OK but I've never seen it out in the wild. And what about the pricing? Reply jimjamjamie - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Sorry by pricing I mean what's everyone's thoughts on it. Reply milkod2001 - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link seems overpriced. $799 for 2560x1440 27''TN monitor? F.that Reply meacupla - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Do you have any experience with ULMB, 120Hz+ and higher quality TN panels? Because the color reproduction and viewing angles are quite decent. The best part is, no noticeable blur at all. Still, having said that, an Asus RoG PG278QR, with the same 165Hz and G-sync, can be had for $669, so this HP monitor is at least $130 over priced. Reply Jodiuh - Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - link Higher quality TN panels? This exists? The last TN I used was around 2014ish. I think it was a $400 BenQ? Light boost for shooters made that wonderful for games, but the color wash/fade even looking dead center from bottom of the screen to top killed it for reading anything. Reply ET - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link That eGPU box is still quite bulky, but at least it looks more interesting than others, has space for hard drives, and a multitude of ports, so it can be a real docking station. That makes the price more palatable than other eGPU solutions. Reply peterfares - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link That dock is huge! It looks to be about the same size as a mini ITX PC! Reply ET - Wednesday, June 07, 2017 - link That's true for most eGPU boxes, unfortunately. The only reasonably small one I've read about is the Zotac Thunderbolt 3 External Box, which can only fit short, bus powered GPU's. But given the generally big size of these boxes, at least the HP comes with enough extra features to make it feel more worth it. Reply BrokenCrayons - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link VR is turning into the industry's latest swan dive into the no-sales junk heap. It probably doesn't cost much for HP to turn up to that party with a high-margin system catering to that market. Who could fault them for trying to squeeze a little profit from that segment if they can do so with minimal cost and risk before it makes its last few gasps? Reply Alexvrb - Tuesday, June 06, 2017 - link Just to be clear, you think VR is a rapidly dying fad? Even before the impending affordable mid-range $400 VR kits that include the headset, motion controllers, and inside-out tracking? (For reference existing high-end models are around ~$700-800 for loaded setups after adding motion controllers and motion cameras for outside-in tracking.) Reply 1 2 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Enermax Launches MaxTytan: 80 Plus Titanium, Up to 1250 W, Integrated Power Meter ASRock Demos X399 ‘ThreadRipper’ Motherboards: M.2, U.2, 10 GbE, & More Apple Refreshes iPad Pro Lineup: A10X Fusion SoC for 10.5-inch, 12.9-inch Models ASUS Unveils Three Strix Gaming Monitors: FreeSync & High Refresh Rates The HTC U11 Giveaway: Win a Launch-Day Smartphone HP Updates Their OMEN Gaming Lineup: Desktops, Notebooks, eGFX, and Displays Apple Refreshes Mac Laptops: Pro, Vanilla, & Air All Get New CPUs Lower Cost 10GBase-T Switches Coming: 4, 5 and 8-port Aquantia Solutions at ~$30/Port Intel Announces SSD DC P4501 Low-Power NVMe SSD With 3D NAND MSI Shows Off GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Gaming X Card with USB Type-C Port Thecus Announces $130 and $200 Entry-Level NASes For Home Users AMD Announces Radeon Pro WX 3100 & WX 2100: Entry-Level Polaris Pro Cards TWEETS RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte The UI was definitely doing 120Hz scrolling at times. 60Hz isn't un-smooth by any means, but 120Hz looks even better IanCutress: Everytime I fly back w/ partner connect, landing @British_Airways in LHR, they ignore/strips my Gold/Emerald priority tags off. 2 bags today IanCutress: @juneofla @CatManAsh I called my cat Kat. Short for Katamari, but she's basically always called Kitty. The small on… https://t.co/iDA8Vsqubh RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte To further elaborate, it does when the performance is there and you're not running framerate-locked conte… https://t.co/yNUBvsXpx4 IanCutress: Come on @BBCSport, spot the stupid stat bar that means absolutely the wrong thing in this context https://t.co/ReuUjezDKS IanCutress: @InstLatX64 SKL-S being 4/12/44? IanCutress: Virtu smartphone. 283900 NTD ~$9435 USD in duty free https://t.co/gIbMwDZlUB RyanSmithAT: @MukiEX57 I honestly haven't heard anything, but that doesn't mean they're not out there RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte Apple PMs have been good. When they don't know something they tend to tell us, rather than presume/guess. It's nice RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte And this is why Tim Cook said dithering and not a native 10-bit panel in his keynote address ganeshts: A great update to PCMark from @Futuremark ; A few more tweaks could make it even more attractive! cc @mccallry https://t.co/lLqqNkkMxI ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Also, cases where OS used to work on data can be same 'node' as file server (for… https://t.co/QcBy4I5RbV ganeshts: @fivemack @BrettHowse @majornelson Today's NAS CPUs are an overkill for simple file serving. Better to put those CP… https://t.co/LZzhoex4pA ganeshts: Is anyone contemplating a 7700K build going to use anything other than an SSD as a boot drive? https://t.co/cioSjAs6Y7 ganeshts: @BrettHowse @majornelson QNAP has some unique well-developed features such as Virtualization Station (QEMU, made easy to use) Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password? We’ve updated our terms. By continuing to use the site and/or by logging into your account, you agree to the Site’s updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> US tech giants team up to take ‘America’s Pledge’ for Paris Accord By Press Trust Of India /  06 Jun 2017 , 14:45 #Paris Accord Image: Reuters 4 US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers.”In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions,” the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself “We are still in,” includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses, investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor, Michael Bloomberg.”In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions,” Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. “Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement.” Trumps withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the presidents advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trumps decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. “We Are Still In” represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administrations decision, which sent political shock waves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement’s target of limiting global warming to “well below” 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. “In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years,” the group wrote in an open letter to the international community.”Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt,” they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company’s climate risks. The coalition intends to submit a ‘Societal Nationally Determined Contribution’ to the U.N., which will be called ‘America’s Pledge’ and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. Publish date: June 6, 2017 2:45 pm| Modified date: June 6, 2017 2:45 pm Tags: Apple, CEO Elon Musk, climate, Facebook, Google, Paris Accord, Paris Agreement, Tesla, Tim Cook, Trump Also read Donald Trump announces America’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord Elon Musk and Robert Iger leave Trump advisory councils after decision on Paris climate accord X Recommended For You Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #NASA Jun 8, 2017 NASA picks 12 astronauts from 18,300 applicants, the first new class of space fliers in five years #Uber Jun 8, 2017 Uber exploits legal loophole to avoid paying taxes in the UK and undercut rivals #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Toshiba Jun 8, 2017 Toshiba to name buyer of coveted $18 billion chip business on 15 June #Amazon Jun 8, 2017 Amazon boosts sales in its marketplace by lending $1 billion to merchants #NASA Jun 8, 2017 NASA researchers measure mass of star using Einstein’s Theory of Relativity SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Raabta #Mumbai Crime #Farmers' strike #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Mumbai Rains Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Mumbai Rains Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Mumbai: Faulty dental implant puts 64-year-old on liquid diet for a year Thane school makes 6-year-old pay for dad's fee hike crusade ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis News MORE IN SPORTS Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Champions Trophy: We won't lower our guard, Virat Kohli warns Sri Lanka Champions Trophy diaries: Rahane enjoys 'jhakaas' birthday meal in UK ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Must-have toy for 2017, the fidget-spinner, hits Mumbai Mumbai Food: Chef Sanjana Patel experiments with savoury flavours ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Not 'Wanted 2', but Salman Khan and Prabhudheva to team up for 'Dabangg 3' Himesh Reshammiya and wife Komal granted divorce ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext Tech: Lenovo launches 2017 range of Intel-powered Think PCs By IANS | New Delhi | Posted 06-Jun-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Tech giant Lenovo on Tuesday launched 2017 range of ThinkPads, ThinkCentres and Tiny-in-Ones (TIOs) that are powered by 7th Generation Intel Core i7 processors. "With the new Intel processor coupled with our legendary Think product attributes, this latest range is equipped to meet the critical and evolving business requirements," Rahul Agarwal, Managing Director and CEO, Lenovo India, told reporters here. The new products include ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop, ThinkCentre M710 Tower & Small Form Factor (SFF), ThinkCentre M910 Tower, ThinkCentre Tiny-In-One 22 & 24, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i. Weighing 1.1kg and priced at Rs 1,23,000, ThinkPad X1 Carbon features 14-inch IPS display, fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. ThinkPad X1 Yoga sports OLED screen, a built-in rechargeable pen, full-inking capability and is priced at Rs 1,45,500. Starting at Rs 33,350 (with monitor), ThinkCentre M710 Tiny Desktop has configurable ports, gets powered on from keyboard and space saving mounting options makes the device adaptable to user business needs. With the modular design, the new TIOs are built to allow users to change Tiny Desktop CPU without any tools, as and when needed, thus making PC refreshes and upgrades effortless for large enterprises and public sector organisations. TIO 22 and 24 modular come with a sleek borderless design and integrated speaker. Priced at Rs 45,000, ThinkVision X1 is an ultra-HD monitor that features a built-in full-HD camera, dual-array microphone and stereo speakers making it the perfect monitor for an enhanced VoIP collaboration. "Intel has consistently worked towards driving processor innovation that positively impacts real-life productivity, and creativity. Lenovo's new range of the Think product line fits a wide range of budgets and needs, across form factors," added Prakash Mallya, Managing Director, Sales & Marketing Group, Intel Technology India Pvt Ltd. Tags: Lenovo 2017 Intel-powered Think PCs Lenovo ThinkCentres lenovo ThinkPads technology news tech lifestyle Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryTech: Apple introduces power-packed iOS 11, wireless home speakerNext Story WhatsApp closer to introducing 'Recall' message feature Related Stories Motorola launches Moto Z2 Play in India with four new Moto Mods Technology News | 1 hour Tech: Motorola launches Moto C smartphone in India Technology News | 02-Jun-2017 Motorola launches Moto C, Moto C Plus budget smartphones Technology News | 16-May-2017 Motorola Moto X likely to launch as Moto X4 in 2017 Technology News | 15-May-2017 Tech: Motorola to launch Moto E4 smartphone this July Technology News | 25-Apr-2017 Motorola launches Moto G5 at Rs. 11,999 in India Technology News | 04-Apr-2017 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch video: Here's the real story behind Shah Rukh Khan's outburst Bollywood News|-12 minutes ago Divorced! Himesh Reshammiya and wife Komal at Bandra court Bollywood News|07-Jun-2017 'EXPOSED'! When Bollywood actresses 'showed off' a tad too much Bollywood News|07-Jun-2017 Spotted: Sara Ali Khan with BFF Rhea Chakraborty in Bandra Bollywood News|07-Jun-2017 Girl hit on head by pan comes back from the 'dead': 10 developments National News|07-Jun-2017 Champions Trophy: Why is Sehwag still hanging around in England? Cricket News|07-Jun-2017 Mumbai Crime: Peeping Tom held for clicking woman trying on swimsuit National News|07-Jun-2017 Calf born with 'human head' worshipped as Lord Vishnu's avataar National News|07-Jun-2017 Kapil Sharma 'unwillingly' returns to work after being hospitalised Television News|06-Jun-2017 Photos: Meet the Punjabi bride who wore shorts to her wedding Hatke News|06-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented RBSE 10th Result 2017: Rajasthan Board Results declared at rajresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|3 hours Fatima Sana Shaikh gets shamed for wearing swimsuit during Ramzan Bollywood News|08-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Miracle in Mumbai: Girl crossing tracks gets run over by train, survives National News|04-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Britain's BT to drop auditors PwC, hire KPMG New self-replicating 3D printers could help build Moon base E-trading platform helps Karnataka farmers earn 38% more income PM Narendra Modi arrives in Astana, India set for Shanghai Cooperation Organisation entry Alibaba guides for 45-49% growth in FY18, Investors thump in cheer HSBC sees India growth unchanged at 7.1% this fiscal Artificial Intelligence gets below average grade in Chinese university entrance exam Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,300-140.00 USD/INR 64.28-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW US tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement By PTI | Updated: Jun 06, 2017, 12.42 PM IST Post a Comment "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You HOUSTON: Facebook and Google are among the top US tech giants who have joined an alliance to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions to honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Donald Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. The tech giants like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working towards reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. Trump last week withdrew the US from the Paris Agreement and said that India would get billions of dollars for meeting its commitment under the 2015 Paris Agreement along with China and gain a financial advantage over the US. The decision has drawn a negative reaction from around the world with world leaders vowing to enhance their commitment to the landmark accord. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate that climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with the US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own re-carbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with the president earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Trump's controversial decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. Comments(0)Add Comments US tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read BC-US--Comey,COVERAGEADVISORY, US BC-US--Comey,COVERAGEADVISORY,2nd Ld-Writethru, US BC-US--Comey,COVERAGEADVISORY,1st Ld-Writethru, US BC-US--Trump 100,ADVISORY, US BC-US--Trump 100,ADVISORY, US READ MORE ONUStech giantsParis agreementGoogleglobal warmingFacebookDonald Trump Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! MilaapMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES ITBP may replace Assam Rifles on Myanmar border Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker 3 giant pandas return to China from Japan under agreement From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION How to Ease Ankylosing Spondylitis Stiffness and Pain Livestrong for Healthline 5 Meal Kits that Will Help You Lose Weight MyHealthyMeals How much longer can Bangalore's tech giants hide? Will tech giants crush advertising agencies? California, China sign climate deal after Trump's Paris exit France vows to go beyond Paris climate commitments Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Isro: How calculated risks have translated into more frequent and sophisticated launches How Saudi Arabia and allies strong-armed Qatar, blindsided US How this monetary policy brought simmering tension between RBI, government to the fore Indian Army prepared for a two and a half front war: Army Chief Bipin Rawat Yogi Adityanath goes the extra mile to woo India Inc More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Technology Last Modified: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 11 32 AM IST WWDC 2017: iPad Pro, MacBook refresh shows Apple’s productivity push It’s not just the hardware, the new Apple software is potentially smarter to take advantage of the powerful innards Subscribe to our newsletter. Vishal Mathur In largely the same footprint as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro chassis, Apple has been able to reduce the bezels and fit the larger display—whether this makes it better for productivity tasks, we will only know in due course of time. This was a rather different Worldwide Developers’ Conference (WWDC) keynote. In a sharp contrast to the previous few years, Apple focused a lot on hardware this time, with the MacBook, iMac and the iPad Pro line-up getting fairly significant upgrades. This ties in with the company’s focus on productivity. Click here for enlarge MacBook Pro: There was no option, but to bite the bullet It was expected that Apple would be forced to do an unconventional mid-term refresh, to bring its laptops up to spec with its Windows 10-powered rivals which run Intel 7th generation processors. These machines have been upgraded with the latest generation Intel Kaby Lake processors. Apple has also given the laptops faster storage, which would mean significant improvements in overall performance. The company claims the new machines are up to 50% faster than the previous generation. There is no change, as expected, in terms of design or other specs. iPad Pro line-up: Yet another screen size option Are you someone who thought that the 9.7-inch iPad Pro was too small and the 12.9-inch iPad Pro, too big? If yes, then Apple has a solution for you—the new 10.5-inch iPad Pro. This is the company’s latest iPad Pro, and it has been launched even as the company gives the larger iPad Pro a specs boost. In largely the same footprint as the 9.7-inch iPad Pro chassis, Apple has been able to fit the larger display—whether this makes it better for productivity tasks, we will only know in due course of time. But it does mean that there are now four different screen sizes in the entire iPad family, which may get a bit confusing for potential buyers. Both iPad Pro 10.5 and iPad Pro 12.9 will get new innards. A10X Fusion chips and 12-core graphics will power these productivity centric tablets. All iPad Pros will now have the True Tone display feature, which alters the colour and brightness according to the ambient light temperature. These displays also exhibit wider colour reproduction capability and have HDR video support. Apple has also introduced a new feature called ProMotion, which pushes the display refresh rate from 60Hz to 120Hz—all fast moving motion content will feel smoother and more fluid. But since everyone isn’t gaming or watching a movie on these screens, the iPad Pro will be able to dynamically reduce the refresh rate, for better battery life, depending on what is on the screen. This also means that the Apple Pencil becomes more responsive. That’s not all—power users would appreciate that the entry spec will now have 64GB storage option; this will go up all the way to 512GB storage. Click here for enlarge iMac: The desktop isn’t done, just yet The all-in-one desktop computing machines, the iMacs, have been given more powerful innards and upgraded specifications. The displays will be brighter than before (Apple claims about 43%), and reproduce more colours (as many as 1 billion, Apple suggests). The processors have been updated to the 7th generation Intel Kaby Lake chips. On some configuration options, the amount of RAM you can install on your iMac has been increased to as high as 64GB, while the storage configuration options now stretch up to 2TB SSDs. Graphics is something Apple is focusing heavily on. The entry spec 21.5-inch iMac gets the new Intel Iris graphics, and is 80% faster than before. The iMac 4K 21.5-inch gets the Radeon Pro Graphics which are three times faster than before. The 27-inch iMac also gets the new Radeon Pro 570/575/580 graphics options, with 8GB dedicated RAM. Apple says that this configuration would be powerful enough for virtual reality (VR) content too. Vishal Mathur Topics: Apple iPad Pro WWDC 2017 MacBook Apple laptops More From Livemint READ MORE Maruti Manesar violence case: Haryana govt to challenge acquittal of 117 former workers JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June First Published: Tue, Jun 06 2017. 09 10 AM IST Editor's Picks Infosys drops $20 billion revenue target, forms advisory panel for CEO Vishal Sikka Home loans set to get cheaper as RBI eases norms for banks IIT Delhi among three Indian institutes on global top 200 list Latest News JEE Advanced result 2017 to be declared on Sunday 11 June at jeeadv.ac.in NEET 2017 results likely to be declared by CBSE after 13 June Madhya Pradesh farmers’ stir: Govt ready for talks, says Shivraj Singh Chouhan Gold prices slip on global cues UK elections: Britons vote in shadow of terror Mint On Sunday The best food of Delhi’s state bhawans When parents step in to run schools The defenders of the skies of Roland Garros Beneath the beauty, Mauritius is an archive of human struggle and triumph The elusiveness of silence Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple WWDC: Apple Rolls Out Updates For MacBook and iMac Lineup Denisse Moreno International Business Times June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Apple announces software updates for MacBooks and iMacs. Here's what's new and prices of models.More Apple announced updates to its MacBook models at the Worldwide Developers Conference Monday. The MacBook Pro and 12-inch MacBook will now come with Intel Kaby Lake processor. The notebooks will also have up to 50 percent faster SSDs and the 15-inch MacBook Pro will feature faster standard graphics. Meanwhile, the 13-inch MacBook Air will get a ‘megahertz’ boost. Read: iOS 11 Beta Released: Download Apple's Latest Developer Mobile OS [DIRECT LINKS] The 12-inch MacBook and 13-inch MacBook Pro will be priced at $1,299. The 13-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar will start at $1,799 and the 15-inch MacBook Pro with Touch Bar will go for $2,399. The notebooks are available for shipping today. You can compare models at Apple’s site using this link. iMac Apple also introduced updates to iMacs. The desktop models will have the “best Mac displays ever,” the company said. The iMacs will come with 500 nits, will be 43 percent brighter (with one billion colors) and 10-bit dithering. The desktops will also feature Intel Kaby Lake processors. The iMacs will come with higher memory capacity, faster storage and graphics up to 80 percent faster than previous generations. The 21.5-inch iMac will be priced at $1,099, the iMac Retina 4K 21.5-inch will go for $1,499 and the iMac Retina 5K 27 inch will start at $1,799. Read: Do Not Disturb While Driving On iPhone, iOS 11 Revealed By Apple At WWDC Apple also gave a preview of the upcoming Space Gray iMac model coming this fall, which Apple says “will be by far the most powerful Mac ever.” The iMac Pro will have up to 128GB ECC memory, up to 4TB of SSD, 10 GB Ethernet, four Thunderbolt 3 ports, up to 18-core Xeon processors, 44 million pixels and real-time 3D rendering. The 27-inch Retina 5K display iMac will also come with the new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, “the most advanced graphics ever in a Mac,” according to Apple. The iMac Pro will be available in December and will be priced at $4,999. New macOS Apple also introduced the new update to macOS Sierra: macOS High Sierra. The update for iMacs and MacBooks will come with an auto-play blocking feature on Safari. The browser will detect sites that auto play videos and will block the clips from automatically playing. macOS High Sierra will also get a boost in privacy by using machine learning to identify trackers. Apple is also adding updates for Mail, including a full screen split mail view and spotlight. macOS High Sierra is also boosting editing in Photos, including a sidebar for filtering by keywords, favorites and people. The update will also synchronize editing you have done on photos in other apps, like Adobe Photoshop. High Sierra will also come with the Apple File System as a default for Mac computers, and Metal 2, the graphics-rendering framework that follows Metal. Apple also announced virtual reality support to macOS computers.  The update will roll out this fall and is available as a developer beta now. Related Articles Apple TV To Support Amazon Prime Video WWDC: What To Expect, How To Live Stream Keynote Address Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next E3 Preview: What to expect from 2017's marquee video game expo Yahoo Tech Prosecutor: Teen in texting suicide case wanted attention Associated Press All the news we expect from Apple's huge developers conference Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The "Minimize All" keystroke in Windows Yahoo Tech This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News Microsoft's Xbox Game Pass will end your free time forever Yahoo Tech Apple polishes up 23 features in Mac OS High Sierra Yahoo Tech Amazon Echo, Google Home and now, Apple HomePod Yahoo Tech This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News How the Microsoft Surface Pro compares to Apple's best Yahoo Tech Here’s what’s new: Apple’s High Sierra  Yahoo Tech Apple’s top new iOS 11 features  Yahoo Tech NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Tech The 27 most interesting new features in iOS 11 Yahoo Tech Live updates from Apple's developers conference Yahoo Tech The big issues we want Apple to address in macOS High Sierra Yahoo Finance No, your Apple computer isn't immune from ransomware Yahoo Tech Pogue's Basics: The fastest way to uninstall a Windows 10 app Yahoo Tech
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos Live TV TIMES NEWS - RADIO Modi Government Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Facebook, Google join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Facebook, Google join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement Facebook and Google are among the top US tech giants who have joined an alliance to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions to honour the Paris Agreement on climate change. Apple, Intel and Microsoft have declared similar intentions.PTI | Jun 6, 2017, 11.24 AM IST Donald Trump's decision to pull out of Paris accord has faced huge backlash.(Representative Photo) HOUSTON: Facebook and Google are among the top US tech giants who have joined an alliance to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions to honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Donald Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. The tech giants like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working towards reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. Trump last week withdrew the US from the Paris Agreement and said that India would get billions of dollars for meeting its commitment under the 2015 Paris Agreement along with China and gain a financial advantage over the US. The decision has drawn a negative reaction from around the world with world leaders vowing to enhance their commitment to the landmark accord. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate that climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with the US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own re-carbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with the president earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Trump's controversial decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap The Best SUV Crossovers of 2017 New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Roasted Almond Ice Cream Nutella Hot Chocolate Rajnath Singh to review Myanmar border situation on June 12 From the Web More From The Times of India Actresses who rejected roles opposite the KhansBOLLYWOODUNION 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancerrmhealthy Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a DisasterTwo Red Dots Top 55+ Senior Living Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Indian-origin Cornell University student found dead in US Indian-American jailed for $33 million fraud in US After 45 years, West Bengal cabinet holds meet in Darjeeling Iran Guards claim US, Saudi 'involved' in Tehran attacks Iran leader shrugs off IS attacks in Tehran ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Subscribe today! Join Our newsletter Follow Us@timesofindia From around the Web Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Top 11 Bollywood Movies that Won Global Recognition CRITICSUNION More From The Times of India India to get another ‘eye in the sky’ by month-end Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA Cops not to tolerate parking mafia this Ramzan Most Popular ​ Isro’s most powerful rocket GSLV Mk III places GSAT-19 communication satellite in orbit Indian Space Research Organisation on Monday successfully launched its most powerful rocket, GSLV Mk III nicknamed 'Fatboy'+ , by firing a high thrust indigenous cryogenic engine in the first developmental flight and placed the country's heaviest satellite in orbit ICC Champions Trophy: India beats Pakistan Bihar board 'topper' Ganesh Kumar arrested, his result cancelled Nifty opens above 9700 for first time, Sensex above 31,300 Equity benchmarks opened on a strong note on Tuesday, with the Nifty hitting 9,700 level for the first time and the Sensex also at record high in early trade. Adani gives final approval for $4 bn Australia coal mine project Adani Enterprises on Tuesday gave final investment approval for its controversial $4 billion Carmichael mine and rail project in Queensland. Read Moreunited nationsTeslaSpaceXParis agreementMicrosoft Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Australia's Bendigo and Adelaide Bank falls to 7-mnth low Palm falls on weaker rival oils, stronger ringgit Qatar Airways suspends flights to UAE, Egypt, Bahrain SE Asia Stocks-Subdued; global factors dampen risk appetite 1Facebook, Google join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement 2Australia's Bendigo and Adelaide Bank falls to 7-mnth low 3Palm falls on weaker rival oils, stronger ringgit 4Qatar Airways suspends flights to UAE, Egypt, Bahrain 5SE Asia Stocks-Subdued; global factors dampen risk appetite Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Aus vs Ban Live Score Paris Climate Agreement Champions Trophy 2017 Paris agreement London Attacks Nissan Micra 2017 TBSE Madhyamik Results GST Philippines ICC CT Schedule Sensex Manila shooting Sopore encounter PM Modi Angela Merkel services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Dark Circles How to Get Pregnant Ramadan Fasting Rules Sunny Leone Photos XXX Photos Weight Loss Tips Ramadan Festival 2017 Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Exam Results 2017 Hindi Movies English Movies Tamil Movies Telugu Movies xXx Malayalam Movies Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Hollywood News Sunny Leone Photos Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service ` Sip on free Dunkin’ Shaken Iced Coffee while reading the latest news on TOI.Login to claim
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #BSTech #GST #BSSpecial News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Trump to host Panama President on June 19 Business Standard US Tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement Press Trust of India  |  Houston  June 6, 2017 Last Updated at 08:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWRDMc ALSO READ US judge temporarily blocks Trump's travel ban nationwide Report on Trump revealing classified info to Russians alarms Trump rejects lawsuit filed against him as 'without merit' Trump slapped with federal lawsuit in New York Trump shared 'highly classified' info with Russians: report US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | President Trump | Facebook | Government | Microsoft | Washington | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance US Tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris ... US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US Tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Jun 08, 2017-Thursday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate US tech giants, varsities join alliance ‘We are still in’ to honour Paris climate deal The coalition, calling itself “We are still in,” includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. world Updated: Jun 06, 2017 11:06 IST Press Trust of India, Houston French President Emmanuel Macron (L) and Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo (R) greet former mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg (C) in Paris.(Reuters Photo) US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after US President Donald Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. “In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions,” the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement on Monday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself “We are still in,” includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg. “In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions,” Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. “Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement.” Trump’s withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president’s advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. “We Are Still In” represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration’s decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement’s target of limiting global warming to “well below” 2 degree Celsius, or 3.6 degree Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. “In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years,” the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. “Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt,” they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. A total of 19 attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company’s climate risks The coalition intends to submit a “Societal Nationally Determined Contribution” to the UN, which will be called “America’s Pledge” and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. more from world In shadow of terror, UK general election seems to be tighter than expected Jun 08, 2017 10:37 IST Ahead of UK election, 5 arrested over London, Manchester terror attacks Jun 08, 2017 09:16 IST New Horizons, New Courses Promotional Feature Recommended for you Read more Top-ranking diplomat at US embassy in China resigns over ‘Trump’s climate policy’ After US withdrawal from Paris climate deal, Modi says world is looking towards India Read more US exit from Paris climate deal: How it affects India’s renewable energy ambitions US move to pull out of Paris climate pact could add 0.3 degrees of warming: UN India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Army jawan killed foiling infiltration bid in J-K’s Nowgam, 2 militants dead Jun 08, 2017 10:42 IST Mobile ATC towers to manage flight operations in remote airports to provide low-cost... Jun 08, 2017 10:36 IST Windstorms, lightning wreak havoc in Jammu: Seven people, dozens of cattle kill... Jun 08, 2017 10:33 IST ‘Even if you are stuck on Mars, Indian embassy will help’: Sushma’s response to... Jun 08, 2017 10:16 IST Why a bountiful harvest drove farmers to despair and anger Jun 08, 2017 09:48 IST Students shout slogans at CM Adityanath after halting motorcade, cops suspended Jun 08, 2017 09:36 IST Victims of urbanisation: Wetlands turn waste dumps, sewage vents Jun 08, 2017 08:50 IST In shadow of terror, UK general election seems to be tighter than expected Jun 08, 2017 10:37 IST Ahead of UK election, 5 arrested over London, Manchester terror attacks Jun 08, 2017 09:16 IST North Korea launches multiple missiles, says South Korea’s defence ministry Jun 08, 2017 09:00 IST Myanmar’s military plane finds crashed plane, bodies in Andaman Sea: Spokesman Jun 08, 2017 08:47 IST Indian American Raja Chari among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA Jun 08, 2017 09:09 IST UK election: A look at May, Corbyn and Farron, the three main candidates Jun 08, 2017 08:24 IST Sacked FBI director Comey says Trump told him to let Flynn probe go Jun 08, 2017 00:34 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune World oceans day: Maharashtra govt, Mumbai experts revive coral reefs off Indian coast Jun 08, 2017 10:20 IST IITs to conduct seven admission rounds to fill up all seats Jun 08, 2017 10:18 IST WhatsApp chat on woman’s ‘character’ lands two in trouble, Delhi police file FIR Jun 08, 2017 10:20 IST ‘Sex and drugs cult’: Bombay high court gives cops more time to investigate Jun 08, 2017 09:49 IST How Domino’s delivery boys helped 5-year-old kidnapped boy reunite with family Jun 08, 2017 09:37 IST Maharashtra to get new noise reduction policy by August Jun 08, 2017 10:26 IST Rape of 3-year-old: Mumbai school to beef up security, install CCTV cameras soon Jun 08, 2017 09:33 IST HT Monsoon Audit: Bumpy ride, unfilled potholes, uneven patches on crucial Mumbai... Jun 08, 2017 09:26 IST Global warming effect: More heat wave deaths as temperatures rise across India Jun 08, 2017 10:10 IST analysis columns editorials authors Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble wanting to stay coach good news for Indian cricket Jun 08, 2017 00:36 IST Is AAP repeating the mistake of over-reaching once again? Jun 07, 2017 23:51 IST Using NSA against cattle smuggling is excessive and uncalled for Jun 07, 2017 23:11 IST For opposition parties trying to come together, a `remove Modi’ message alone won’t... Jun 07, 2017 16:51 IST Why there can be no winners in a limited war between India and Pakistan Jun 07, 2017 14:51 IST India vs Sri Lanka ICC Champions Trophy clash: SL team strengths, weaknesses Jun 08, 2017 10:24 IST India vs Sri Lanka ICC Champions Trophy clash: Strengths and weaknesses of Virat... Jun 08, 2017 10:24 IST VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: Pakistan stun South Africa, stay alive in ICC Champions Trophy... Jun 08, 2017 09:45 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England won’t give Australia easy ride, says Jos Buttler Jun 08, 2017 08:58 IST Champions Trophy: Anil Kumble wanting to stay coach good news for Indian cricket Jun 08, 2017 00:36 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa India vs Sri Lanka ICC Champions Trophy clash: SL team strengths, weaknesses Jun 08, 2017 10:24 IST India vs Sri Lanka ICC Champions Trophy clash: Strengths and weaknesses of Virat... Jun 08, 2017 10:24 IST VIDEO HIGHLIGHTS: Pakistan stun South Africa, stay alive in ICC Champions Trophy... Jun 08, 2017 09:45 IST Indian football season: AFC asks AIFF to decide on format for the short-term Jun 08, 2017 02:50 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England won’t give Australia easy ride, says Jos Buttler Jun 08, 2017 08:58 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Sofia Boutella to star in HBO’s Fahrenheit 451 Jun 08, 2017 10:31 IST Fantastic Beasts 2 to feature teen Dumbledore, teen Newt Scamander Jun 08, 2017 10:23 IST In Rajinikanth’s Kaala, Nana Patekar will lock horns with the Tamil superstar Jun 08, 2017 09:57 IST It’s my face: Shruti Haasan angry with people who talk about her alleged lip job Jun 08, 2017 09:30 IST Dhanush’s VIP 2 teaser is rocking, but there’s no glimpse of Kajol Jun 08, 2017 09:17 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Binge drinking as a teenager ups risk of Type 2 diabetes among women Jun 08, 2017 10:40 IST Don’t drop your digital guard on vacation. Avoid using open Wi-Fi networks Jun 08, 2017 10:29 IST Study suggests link between diet drinks during pregnancy and childhood obesity Jun 08, 2017 09:55 IST Natural compounds in berries, turmeric linked to slowing prostate cancer growth Jun 08, 2017 09:54 IST Dear would-be moms, here are five common pregnancy myths you should know about Jun 08, 2017 08:01 IST Banks can now lend more, cheaper home loans likely Jun 08, 2017 09:28 IST FDI has jumped to $61,724 bn from $34,487 bn: Narendra Modi Jun 08, 2017 00:26 IST 83% of Indians give thumbs up to country’s economy: Pew survey post demonetisat... Jun 07, 2017 23:30 IST 83% currency remonetised so far: RBI . Jun 07, 2017 20:20 IST Farm loan waivers raise risk of fiscal slippages, inflation: RBI Jun 08, 2017 00:40 IST RBI leaves repo rate unchanged at 6.25%, reverse repo rate stays at 6% Jun 07, 2017 14:47 IST RBI’s new monetary policy today: 5 things to watch out for Jun 07, 2017 11:39 IST Lyft to bring autonomous rides to Boston with partnership Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST In Pics: Apple’s 5 big announcements at WWDC Jun 06, 2017 12:38 IST BlackBerry downplays Toyota’s move of using rival software for in-car infotainm... Jun 06, 2017 19:19 IST HomePod, Siri with a new voice, and software: Highlights from the Apple show Jun 06, 2017 08:02 IST Apple unveils ‘HomePod’ speaker to take on Amazon Alexa, Google Home Jun 06, 2017 07:40 IST Apple kicks off mega event with virtual reality, browser privacy Jun 06, 2017 00:15 IST After London attack, Facebook says aims to be ‘hostile environment’ for terrori... Jun 05, 2017 17:22 IST IIT-Delhi, IIT-Bombay, IISc among world’s top 200 universities, says report Jun 08, 2017 10:14 IST Orissa HC directs CBSE to re-evaluate answer scripts Jun 07, 2017 20:42 IST UP Board result 2017: What Class 10 and 12 examinees should keep in mind Jun 07, 2017 19:46 IST DU course profile: Chemistry opens up various career options Jun 07, 2017 20:50 IST Delhi University’s Institute of Home Economics to offer Journalism Honours Jun 07, 2017 18:04 IST Pre-monsoon showers likely to cool temperatures down this week Jun 08, 2017 10:52 IST Photos | Assam floods disrupt life and crop harvests Jun 07, 2017 15:47 IST Photos| Jaipur’s community water kiosks face irrelevance Jun 07, 2017 11:27 IST From the archives: Operation Blue Star on 33rd anniversary Jun 07, 2017 10:18 IST Photos: Heatwave grips Delhi, maximum above 45 degrees Jun 05, 2017 18:32 IST Girl escapes death miraculously after being run over by train Jun 07, 2017 18:49 IST Five die as police fire at farmers protest in Mandsaur, MP Jun 07, 2017 15:03 IST Pro-Khalistan slogans raised in Golden Temple on Op Bluestar anniversary Jun 06, 2017 17:49 IST Rented air-coolers installed in hospital for Yogi’s visit, later removed Jun 06, 2017 12:52 IST Countdown for ISRO’s GSLV-Mark III rocket launch begins Jun 05, 2017 11:59 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews MSI X370 XPower KRAIT Gaming review Prey: PC graphics performance benchmark review Tech preview: Intel Core i9 Skylake-X processors Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 AORUS 11 Gbps review EK Fluid Gaming A240G CPU & GPU Liquid Cooling review Guru3D Rig of the Month - May 2017 Corsair Commander PRO Review Fractal Design Focus G review Cooler Master Cosmos II 25th Anniversary Edition Review Plextor M8Se 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD review New Downloads Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.6 CPU-Z download v1.79.1 Intel SSD Toolbox 3.4.6 Download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.19.4678 HWiNFO64 Download v5.52 GPU-Z Download v2.1.0 GeForce 382.33 WHQL driver download FINAL FANTASY XIV: Stormblood Benchmark Download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download New Forum Topics Microsoft Will Fab Windows 10 Edition specifically for high-end PCs Samsung Employee in Wheelchair stole 8474 smartphones from HQ Review: MSI X370 XPower KRAIT Gaming The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Nvidia GeForce 382.33 Download & Discussion gtx 750ti or gtx 1050 New Upcoming ATI/AMD GPU's Thread: Leaks, Hopes & Aftermarket GPU's Star Trek Bridge Crew Gears of War 4: Unreal Engine 4 unleashed! Vampyr Guru3D.com » News » Computex 2017: VROC Technology Passing 10 GB/sec with M2 Computex 2017: VROC Technology Passing 10 GB/sec with M2 by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 06/05/2017 07:37 AM | Source | 13 comment(s) One of the things at Computex that popped out a bit is the new Intel VROC technology (Virtual RAID On CPU) that can be used with certain X299 motherboards and Skylake processors. While the idea is nice, the implementation, not so much.Basically what you are going to see are VROC add-in cards, these PCBs can house up-to eight M2 units and reach silly performance in RAID mode over a full X16 PCI-Express link. To use the unit it defaults toward software RAID (which eats away CPU cycles) and we noticed roughly 20% CPU utilization on a 10-core part (so that is using two CPU cores 100%). Now here where things go wrong and where you can see the Intel greed, hardware raid is on-board and is an option. You can unlock hardware RAID through a physical unlock key that you will need to plug into the (compatible) motherboard. You can purchase to keys, one will unlock RAID 0/1 for mirroring and striping.  The RAID 0/1 solution will be expensive and starts at 150 USD. So you purchase the board, then the M2 units and then if you like to have the hardware RAID options (which is already on-board) need to purchase a key that unlocks this. For RAID 5/10 you need to pay roughly 250 USD for the corresponding unlock key. We'll post more info later. Granted, you can hit ludicrous speeds with enough capacity for overflowing game libraries. There’s another catch, these will only with with Skylake-X processors, Kaby-lake –X does not support VROC. Tagged as: Computex 2017 Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Computex 2017: Cooler Master Fanless PSUs Keyboards and Headsets · Computex 2017: VROC Technology Passing 10 GB/sec with M2 · Micron To Release 16 Gbps GDDR5X - GDDR6 Next year » Related Stories Computex 2017: Cooler Master Fanless PSUs Keyboards and Headsets - 06/05/2017 07:13 AM Over at Computex Cooler Master next to its chassis and cooling products also had some other things on display worth taking a closer look at.... Computex 2017: Intel Core i9 Launches With up-to 10 cores first - Does 4.3 GHz on LCS - 06/03/2017 08:05 AM Over at Computex a lot of Intel partners have been showing the new Skylake-X. We have spoken to many board partners and have asked them a thing or two related towards normal overclocking, and the test... Computex 2017: ADATA Going for M2 NVMe - 06/02/2017 12:13 PM Adata the company know for their storage technologies best had a pretty big booth at Computex this year. On demo where a lot off products, the hot stuff among them are new M2 flash based storage unit... Computex 2017: ASUS ROG GTX 1080 Ti Posseidon Spotted - 06/02/2017 11:53 AM ASUS talked about the GTX 1080 Ti Posseidon a couple of times already, and it seems it now is becoming available. I spotted it at the AUS booth and took a couple of photos. ... Computex 2017: Corsair Bulldog GTO - 06/02/2017 11:47 AM Most of you probably can remember the Bulldog from Corsair right, it pretty much the predecessor of the new One series compact PCs. So in the press-release from Corsair you might have noticed an entry... SirDremor Master Guru Posts: 531 Joined: 2008-06-20 #5439257 Posted on: 06/05/2017 09:33 AM I didn't completely get it - where is the RADI controller itself? In CPU? Or somewhere on Motherboard? lantian Master Guru Posts: 286 Joined: 2013-08-16 #5439275 Posted on: 06/05/2017 10:32 AM I am betting in the chipset on the mobo. CDJay Member Guru Posts: 124 Joined: 2009-08-22 #5439278 Posted on: 06/05/2017 10:39 AM No, it's on the CPU itself ( "Virtual RAID On CPU" ) which is why Kaby Lake-X doesn't support it on the same mobo. I hadn't realised that the default unlocked RAID 0 was software based, that's interesting. You won't necessarily need to buy one of these cards, some of the mobos have DIMM.2 slots next to the RAM slots which have direct CPU access for 2 M2 (Intel Only) SSDs. So to get hardware accelerated RAID 0 you'd need 2x Intel 600p drives, and the unlock key. Not cheap, but not crazy expensive either. There aren't really enough native lanes, IMO, at this point. You'd want at least 52 lanes so you don't need to choose (example: SLI + Hyper M2 = compromised. GPU + Red Rocket X + Hyper M2 = compromised). CDJay ieskorp Newbie Posts: 8 Joined: 2008-07-10 #5439290 Posted on: 06/05/2017 11:40 AM Quote: Originally Posted by CDJay No, it's on the CPU itself ( "Virtual RAID On CPU" ) which is why Kaby Lake-X doesn't support it on the same mobo. I hadn't realised that the default unlocked RAID 0 was software based, that's interesting. You won't necessarily need to buy one of these cards, some of the mobos have DIMM.2 slots next to the RAM slots which have direct CPU access for 2 M2 (Intel Only) SSDs. So to get hardware accelerated RAID 0 you'd need 2x Intel 600p drives, and the unlock key. Not cheap, but not crazy expensive either. There aren't really enough native lanes, IMO, at this point. You'd want at least 52 lanes so you don't need to choose (example: SLI + Hyper M2 = compromised. GPU + Red Rocket X + Hyper M2 = compromised). CDJay Looking forward to the x399 AMD thread ripper benchmarks. Plenty of lanes there on all Thread ripper cpu variants. Intel have dropped a clanger, only the 7900 ($999 ) and upwards will have 44 lanes. Competition is a wonderful thing. Zeka Newbie Posts: 42 Joined: 2016-09-27 #5439343 Posted on: 06/05/2017 02:09 PM Another overly expensive technology from Intel that will be used in 0.001% of sold computers. I know there's never enough bandwidth and speed, but to me it looks like VERY expensive (compatible board, x cpu, m2 units and key) technology with serious drawbacks (cpu load). JamesSneed Member Guru Posts: 49 Joined: 2017-02-14 #5439349 Posted on: 06/05/2017 02:17 PM An unlock key? The 1990's wants there dongles back. Oh Intel. bazookaman3 Newbie Posts: 6 Joined: 2015-01-19 #5439394 Posted on: 06/05/2017 04:27 PM So VROC is software RAID-0 running on the CPU at up to 20% CPU utilization. I get that part. What I don't understand is what happens when you use the physical key for "hardware RAID" as stated in the article. Is there an actual hardware RAID controller on the CPU? Or, is there a hardware RAID controller on the motherboard, and if so, is it using PCI-e lanes to connect to the CPU? If yes, how many lanes, and are those lanes part of the 44 normal lanes for some CPU's? WareTernal Member Guru Posts: 80 Joined: 2013-09-27 #5439470 Posted on: 06/05/2017 07:55 PM Quote: Originally Posted by JamesSneed An unlock key? The 1990's wants there dongles back. Oh Intel. Dongles are just as common now as they ever were - definitely not a 90's thing. Intel RAID keys are common on server boards, and they have been around for a long time. Since the XE chipsets are basically server parts, I'm surprised they didn't do this earlier. Quote: Originally Posted by bazookaman3 What I don't understand is what happens when you use the physical key for "hardware RAID" as stated in the article. Is there an actual hardware RAID controller on the CPU? Or, is there a hardware RAID controller on the motherboard, and if so, is it using PCI-e lanes to connect to the CPU? From the slides: "a new storage I/O technology, supported WITHIN the RSTe 5.x driver" "allows you to use CPU PCIe lanes" "A CPU PCIe x16 3.0 slot" The bit about the RSTe driver makes me think it's "hardware assisted/hybrid RAID" and that the CPU is still doing work. It's using 16 of the CPU's PCIe lanes to connect directly. Traditionally, on server boards you were forced to buy the key, or buy a real controller if you needed RAID. So VROC really is adding something I guess - it adds the option of crippling your new high-end hardware. Devices like the HighPoint SSD7101 - a x16 card with it's own RAID controller and 4 M.2 sockets - make more sense to me. slyphnier Master Guru Posts: 326 Joined: 2009-11-30 #5439476 Posted on: 06/05/2017 08:14 PM so with the key, it active "RAID" function on CPU, without overheading cpu ? or because it directly work hardware base, it use less cpu than software based ? well if it work as good as real raid controller, then no complain i guess think it save $ buying raid controller bazookaman3 Newbie Posts: 6 Joined: 2015-01-19 #5439510 Posted on: 06/05/2017 10:16 PM Quote: Originally Posted by WareTernal Dongles are just as common now as they ever were - definitely not a 90's thing. Intel RAID keys are common on server boards, and they have been around for a long time. Since the XE chipsets are basically server parts, I'm surprised they didn't do this earlier. From the slides: "a new storage I/O technology, supported WITHIN the RSTe 5.x driver" "allows you to use CPU PCIe lanes" "A CPU PCIe x16 3.0 slot" The bit about the RSTe driver makes me think it's "hardware assisted/hybrid RAID" and that the CPU is still doing work. It's using 16 of the CPU's PCIe lanes to connect directly. Traditionally, on server boards you were forced to buy the key, or buy a real controller if you needed RAID. So VROC really is adding something I guess - it adds the option of crippling your new high-end hardware. Devices like the HighPoint SSD7101 - a x16 card with it's own RAID controller and 4 M.2 sockets - make more sense to me. The Asus M.2 board is simply a x16 PCIe board that has four x4 M.2 slots on it. To my knowledge, it has no RAID controller functionality on it. That means something else is doing the RAID. The article states for RAID 0, then the CPU is doing the RAID at a penalty of 20% CPU usage. But, the article then states when you buy the "key" it's now hardware RAID. Did he really mean to say hardware RAID? My question is what is doing the hardware RAID? If it's true hardware RAID, then there has to be a RAID chip somewhere? Is it embedded on the CPU? Or is it a chip on the motherboard, and if so how's it connected (number of lanes, etc.) Fox2232 Ancient Guru Posts: 5292 Joined: 2012-07-20 #5439517 Posted on: 06/05/2017 10:34 PM Big No-No to CPU Eater. It probably puts strain on CPU cache system too. So running workloads on 8C/16T and then benchmarking this thing on remaining 2C/4T of 10C/20T chip will choke caches needed by main workload. Yes, in case of running database from it and running some crazy query, this will be vastly superior to regular disk/ssd subsystem DB can run on. (With exception of Oracle Coherence In-Memory Data Grid...) Zhyr Newbie Posts: 34 Joined: 2002-06-22 #5439565 Posted on: 06/06/2017 06:41 AM Bazooka - the hardware RAID chip is on the motherboard already. It's just unable to be used if you don't buy the $150 unlock key/code. thatguy91 Ancient Guru Posts: 6335 Joined: 2010-08-27 #5439579 Posted on: 06/06/2017 07:51 AM Quote: Originally Posted by Zhyr Bazooka - the hardware RAID chip is on the motherboard already. It's just unable to be used if you don't buy the $150 unlock key/code. Yes, that's the way I read it as well. It is greed. I don't see it being that practical either if it chews 10 to 20 percent CPU power. Keep in mind the CPU's used in conjuction with this isn't a typical i5-7600K, that 20 percent CPU use is astronomical on the CPU's it's intended for. Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate US tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement PTI comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Greenpeace activists protest with a light-projection onto the American embassy to demonstrate against US President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement in Berlin recently. -- Reuter Houston, June 6:   US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies including Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. “In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions,” the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself “We are still in,” includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. “In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions,” Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations Secretary-General. “Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement.” Trump’s withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president’s advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. “We Are Still In” represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration’s decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement’s target of limiting global warming to “well below” 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above pre-industrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. “In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years,” the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. “Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt,” they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company’s climate risks The coalition intends to submit a “Societal Nationally Determined Contribution” to the UN, which will be called “America’s Pledge” and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. (This article was published on June 6, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS US doesn’t need India, France, China telling it what to do: Haley 'Trump's climate claims on China, India false' Amid Trump’s climate turmoil, France to push stability with India Four New England States join Paris climate goal alliance Trump dismays, angers allies by abandoning global climate pact TOPICS environmental issues | climate change | environmental issues | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Is 'plastic rice' for real?    ‘Plastic rice’ creates a scare in Hyderabad    It’s Sehwag’s ego that you need to bowl against: Ashwin    India getting hotter, says Met study    Former FBI director says Trump pressured him on Russia probe    Board exams for Class V and VIII: CISCE    Girls in sex cult doc’s photos may be from Delhi; cops send team    Bengaluru girl to get a minor planet named after her    Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA    WHO revises antibiotics protocol MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Britain heads to the polls Qatar says state news agency first hacked in April US solar market to fall 16% in 2017: Report Theresa May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election As British poll campaign enters last lap, security emerges the top issue World food prices rise 2.2% in May N Korea launches multiple missiles: Seoul 12 killed in twin IS assault in Tehran UAE bans expressions of sympathy towards Qatar Saudi Arabia revokes Qatar Airways licence Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS NTPC installs 110 KWp microgrid at NETRA 13 min. ago RoC issues notices to 4,266 defaulting companies 14 min. ago GJM strike: Mamata, ministers, tourists stranded in Darjeeling 17 min. ago Guiddoo raises $300,000 in Pre-Series A funding 18 min. ago Bopanna wins maiden Grand Slam title at French Open 22 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in World Qatar says state news agency first hacked in April Qatari investigators have said that a cyber attack which saw the publication of explosive fake news last month that helped trigger a cri... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Thursday 8 June 2017 , Thursday 8 June 2017 , Today's Paper Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Latest News Zimbabwe bus crash 'kills 43' ACC launches probe against NBR official Banani rape: Police press charges against 5 accused Black money worth Tk 13,372cr whitened since liberation: Muhith Fitra minimum Tk 65, maximum Tk 1,980 per person this year Moudud files writ with HC against his eviction Science & Tech 6 June, 2017 11:21:14 AM iMac Pro: Apple launches powerful new desktop Apple hopes its pro-level all-in-one computer helps maintain its hold on the creative industry and also updates MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMac lines Independent Online/The Guardian Apple has announced a brand new computer in the form of a $4,999 iMac Pro at its developer conference in San Jose, making the company’s all-in-one computer the most powerful Mac available. The new beefed-up iMac is intended to address the concerns of professional creatives, who until now have been limited to either the consumer 27in 5K iMac or the older Mac Pro, which hasn’t been updated since 2013. The new iMac Pro starts with an 8-core Intel Xeon processor, but can be configured with an 18-core processor variant, as well as up to 128GB of EEC RAM, 4TB of SSD storage and Radeon Vega discrete graphics cards with up to 16GB of memory.The 27in machine has the 5K display from the existing 5K iMac, but has four Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports and is capable of pushing up to 44m pixels across three screens. Apple will hope that the iMac Pro will address the concerns of video editors looking to work with 4K or 8K video that need workstation-level power – a market that the company has failed to serve for the last couple of years forcing once Apple-only outfits to switch to alternative operating systems and machines. The iMac Pro will start at $4,999 in the US and will be available in December. Apple also updated the standard iMac line with new 7th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, up to 64GB of RAM and Apple’s Fusion drives as standard. The 21.5in iMac will come in a standard and 4K screen variant, with Iris Plus 620 graphics and a choice of Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs. The 27in 5K variant will come with Radeon Pro 570, 575 or 580 graphics cards, and were demoed producing live VR content - a new area of exploration for Apple, which has joined with Valve to bring its Steam VR platform for the Mac as well as Unity and Unreal engines.The 21.5in and the 5k iMac hadn’t been updated since late 2015 with the Skylake, 6th generation Intel processors – the same as those used in the MacBook Pro when it launched in 2016. Advertisement Finally, Apple also updated its MacBook and MacBook Pro line with 7th generation Intel processors, and gave the MacBook Air a specification bump in response to its sustained popularity. When the redesigned MacBook Pro with Touch Bar was launched in October 2016, one of the criticisms of the design was that it used older 6th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors rather than the latest 7th generation versions, which were more powerful and more thermally efficient. By updating to the 7th generation “Kaby Lake” Core i5 and i7 processors, Apple has brought the MacBook Pro line up to pair with rivals from Dell, Razer and HP. But Apple will also hope that the more efficient, newer processors will help it live up to its promises of a 10-hour battery life, of which the 13in MacBook Pro fell well short. iMac Pro: Apple launches powerful new desktop Apple hopes its pro-level all-in-one computer helps maintain its hold on the creative industry and also updates MacBook, MacBook Pro and iMac lines Independent Online/The Guardian Apple has announced a brand new computer in the form of a $4,999 iMac Pro at its developer conference in San Jose, making the companys all-in-one computer the most powerful Mac available. The new beefed-up iMac is intended to address the concerns of professional creatives, who until now have been limited to either the consumer 27in 5K iMac or the older Mac Pro, which hasnt been updated since 2013. The new iMac Pro starts with an 8-core Intel Xeon processor, but can be configured with an 18-core processor variant, as well as up to 128GB of EEC RAM, 4TB of SSD storage and Radeon Vega discrete graphics cards with up to 16GB of memory.The 27in machine has the 5K display from the existing 5K iMac, but has four Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports and is capable of pushing up to 44m pixels across three screens. Apple will hope that the iMac Pro will address the concerns of video editors looking to work with 4K or 8K video that need workstation-level power a market that the company has failed to serve for the last couple of years forcing once Apple-only outfits to switch to alternative operating systems and machines. The iMac Pro will start at $4,999 in the US and will be available in December. Apple also updated the standard iMac line with new 7th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, up to 64GB of RAM and Apples Fusion drives as standard. The 21.5in iMac will come in a standard and 4K screen variant, with Iris Plus 620 graphics and a choice of Radeon Pro 555 and 560 discrete GPUs. The 27in 5K variant will come with Radeon Pro 570, 575 or 580 graphics cards, and were demoed producing live VR content - a new area of exploration for Apple, which has joined with Valve to bring its Steam VR platform for the Mac as well as Unity and Unreal engines.The 21.5in and the 5k iMac hadnt been updated since late 2015 with the Skylake, 6th generation Intel processors the same as those used in the MacBook Pro when it launched in 2016. Advertisement Finally, Apple also updated its MacBook and MacBook Pro line with 7th generation Intel processors, and gave the MacBook Air a specification bump in response to its sustained popularity. When the redesigned MacBook Pro with Touch Bar was launched in October 2016, one of the criticisms of the design was that it used older 6th generation Intel Core i5 and i7 processors rather than the latest 7th generation versions, which were more powerful and more thermally efficient. By updating to the 7th generation Kaby Lake Core i5 and i7 processors, Apple has brought the MacBook Pro line up to pair with rivals from Dell, Razer and HP. But Apple will also hope that the more efficient, newer processors will help it live up to its promises of a 10-hour battery life, of which the 13in MacBook Pro fell well short. Comments Most popular   On Science & Tech ICT Division wins Global mobileGov Award India launches South Asia Satellite Humans must flee Earth within century: Stephen Hawking Millions of Android phones could be tracked with ultrasonic spying tool Uber celebrates 6 months in Dhaka Poll Today's Question » Do you think that the EU cargo restrictions imposed on Bangladesh will have serious adverse impact on the country’s exports?  Yes  No  No Comment All Result Yes 81.0% No 14.3% No Comment 4.8% Most Viewed Poor monitoring plagues edn ministry projects HC rule for compensation of Malibagh flyover collapse victims 280 institutions find no takers Qatar flight ban begins, first efforts seen to resolve crisis Rajuk starts eviction drive at Moudud’s Gulshan residence Video Session fee at English medium schools (03-06-2017) Iftar for poor people (03-06-2017) Cyclone Mora hits coastal areas (30-05-2017) Muhith on budget (30-05-2017) Earning from outsourcing (27-05-2017) More Science & Tech Stories Giving children a smartphone like giving them a gram of cocaine Giving your child a smartphone is like “giving them a gram of cocaine”, a top addiction therapist has warned. Time spent messaging friends on Snapchat and Instagram can be just as dangerously addictive for teenagers as… Einstein's theory confirmed in measure of distant star's mass 1,200 unions enjoy BTCL optical fibre network: Tarana Homo sapiens 100,000 years older than thought: studies Nuclear-wary Japan restarts another atomic reactor Scientists have found a sixth taste sensation India shows off space prowess with launch of mega rocket Politics Bangladesh World News Business Sports Entertainment Art & Culture Science & Tech Travel & Tourism Metro Opinion Environment Health & Life Style Health Cuisine Beauty Fashion Copyright © All right reserved. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Editor : M. Shamsur Rahman Published by the Editor on behalf of Independent Publications Limited at Media Printers, 446/H, Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1215. Editorial, News & Commercial Offices : Beximco Media Complex, 149-150 Tejgaon I/A, Dhaka-1208, Bangladesh. GPO Box No. 934, Dhaka-1000. Disclaimer & Privacy Policy .................................................... About Us .................................................... Contact Us .................................................... Advertisement .................................................... Subscription Powered by : Frog Hosting The Independent, Bangladesh
Press Esc to close Thursday 08 June 2017 News updated at 7:12 PM IST epaper  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   Business   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Champions Trophy   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   Kitchen   Recipe   Archives   DH Classifieds    Now PG Commerce students at Bikaner Varsity to study Gita in their course books!      Govt to make unique digital id must for flight ticket bookings      Jaitley seeks support from MPs/MLAs to create GST awareness      Bopanna wins maiden Grand Slam title at French Open      State oil cos will revise petrol, diesel prices daily from June 16      Boeing, Tata deliver assembly of Chinook to IAF      India post 321/6 against Sri Lanka      India post 321/6 against Sri Lanka      Scotland Yard arrests 3 in London terror probe on polls eve      Dhawan pips Kohli in share of BCCI's revenue from games      Farmer ends life, says don't cremate me till CM meets demands      Anupam Kher happy with 'The Accidental Prime Minister' first look response      No 'concrete evidence' of India's hand in disappearance of Habib: Pak minister      Congress instigating, politicising MP farmers' stir: Naidu      Saharanpur violence main accused Chandrashekhar arrested      Address farmer issues or face MP like unrest, Yogi warned      Modi arrives in Astana, India set for SCO entry      5 farmers were killed in 'police firing': MP home minister      Kerala assembly terms cattle ban 'fascist' move, passes resolution      Seven militants killed as four Pak aided infiltration bids foiled in 48 hrs: Arm      Rahul detained in MP amid high drama, lashes out at Modi      Polling opens in UK general election amid tight security      Myanmar's military finds crashed plane, bodies: spokesman      North Korea launches multiple missiles: Seoul      NIA ropes in govt cyber security arm to check terror funding      ED attaches Rs 10 lakh in probe against Gujarat IAS officer      He topped class 12th exam in Gujarat; now to become a monk      India hands over summonses to Pakistani witnesses on Samjhauta Express case      Sanitation worker mauled to death by stray dogs in UP      Madhya Pradesh govt to give Rs 1 cr to kin of slain farmers      At current pace, BJP govt will take 1,560 yrs to create jobs: CP Joshi      1,100 anti-riots police personnel sent to Mandsaur in MP      2 held for trying to manhandle Yechury; Left blames RSS      Man injured while trying to take selfie with wild elephant      20 dead, in fire at cracker factory in MP's Balaghat      Warne says 'too expensive' comment was tongue-in-cheek      Trump nominates Christopher Wray as new FBI Director      Minister faces flak for ritual to propitiate rain god      SC to hear Bihar liquor manufacturers' plea tomorrow      SC refuses to hear Justice Karnan's plea to stay order      Bill for implementing GST introduced in Karnataka assembly      SA win toss, elect to bat against Pak      SA win toss, elect to bat against Pak      Territorial Army major dies during encounter, 3 ultras killed     Next Story Trump calls for travel ban from 'certain dangerous countries' Read more >> You are here: Home » International » US Tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement US Tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement Press Trust of India, Houston, Jun 6 2017, 10:23 IST Greenpeace activists, wearing masks of U.S. President Donald Trump, protest against his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in front of the U.S. embassy in Prague, Czech Republic June 5, 2017. REUTERS US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks. The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. Email this page Print this page Tweet Go to Top Videos Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Comey says Trump asked him to drop part of Russia probe Environment activist laments Trump climate withdrawal London holds emotional vigil for attack victims Age is just a number for Hong Kong's harbour swimmers U.S. contractor charged with leaking top-secret memo London Bridge driver 'headed straight towards me': Eyewitnesses recount horrific moments Thai zoo offers front-row view of elephants swimming Music stars unite in Manchester as fans face down fears Videos more Rahul Gandhi rides pillion on motorcycle to reach Mandsaur What's up at Bellandur Lake? A machine from Mumbai is clearing weed Presidential election on July 17: CEC Zaidi UK election: markets bet on May to carry the day Silk Road or tax haven? China's new trade zone Comey says Trump asked him to drop part of Russia probe Tribal farmers sell over 12,000 mangoes within 4 days of fest ICSE Class X Topper Speaks- Ashwin Rao is a Bengaluru boy Parvathamma Rajkumar: Unmatched Maker of Kannada Hits Sri Lanka face champions India in crucial match Most popular stories now Commented Emailed Viewed 1.CBI carries out searches at residence of Prannoy Roy 2.I am reading Upanishads, Gita to take on RSS, BJP: Rahul 3.IIT-M student attacked after participating in 'beef feast' 4.Economy running on public spending, says Manmohan 5.40-min check for girl in 'hijab' at Vidhana Soudha 1.IT cos may cold-shoulder BTech-only techies in future: Pai 2.Panic in AP, Telangana over hazardous plastic rice 3.Off the beaten path 4.Cattle rule puts lives at stake 5.Sleeping late on weekends may up heart disease risk: study 1. Panic in AP, Telangana over hazardous plastic rice 2. 7 Indian companies receive less H-1B visas in 2016: Report 3. Fear of plastic rice grips Telugu states 4. Mallya drops in at Kohli event; Indian team avoids him 5. Zakir Musa says Indian Muslims are spineless, war not confined to Kashmir Photo Gallery Flames billowing out after fire breaks out in a building in Kinari Bazar... Canada's Gabriela Dabrowski and India's Rohan Bopanna, right, hold the trophy... Adrienne Brooks, left, walks with her mother Joan Jones, right, through flooded streets... Hundreds of participants take part in a yoga and dance-centred fitness session... In this photo released by an official website of the office of the Iranian supreme leader... France's Defense Minister Sylvie Goulard, center, talks with her Indian counterpart... A soldier braves the monsoon rain as bodies recovered by fishing vessels... Married women tie auspicious thread to a Banyan tree... Shepherds with a herd of sheep walk along a road in Kolkata... A fisherman takes nap on a boat while another busy with nets... more Like us on Facebook About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Privacy Policy Copyright 2017, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523 Powered by Yodasoft Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 13 mins S&P 500 2,433.57 +0.43 (+0.02%) Dow 30 21,192.62 +18.93 (+0.09%) Nasdaq 6,293.59 -3.79 (-0.06%) Here are the six big announcements Apple just made Todd Haselton CNBC June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share When Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) CEO Tim Cook took the stage to kick off WWDC on Monday, he said he was going to make six big announcements. There was a lot discussed on stage, far more than just six items, but they boil down to a few key topics. Here's what you might have missed if you didn't tune in. 1. watchOS 4 Apple unveiled watchOS 4 on Monday, the newest version of the operating system for the Apple Watch. It features a couple of new watch faces, the most important of which puts Siri cards front and center. They can tell you things like when to leave for work, the music you're playing, how your workout is going and more. WatchOS 4 has a new workout UI, support for two-way data exchange with workout machines and more. 2. macOS High Sierra macOS High Sierra is the successor to Sierra, announced last year. It supports virtual reality headsets, something Apple hasn't ever offered before, security improvements to Safari that help further protect your privacy, new photo search features and a new Apple File System by default, which should mean more secure storage. High Sierra will be available in the coming months. 3. New iMacs and MacBook Air / MacBook Pro refreshes Apple finally refreshed the iMac after more than 600 days without doing so, adding a sharper and brighter display and new Intel processors. It also brought those seventh-generation Intel processors over to the MacBook Pro, which is otherwise unchanged, and boosted the speed of the chip in the MacBook Air. The biggest announcement was the iMac Pro, however, which will start at $4,999 and includes beefy new processors, a 5K display and a sharp design. Apple said it's "the most powerful Mac we have ever made." 4. iOS 11 Apple's iOS 11 will launch in September and includes new features for the iPhone and iPad. The big takeaway here is improvements to Siri, which Apple says will make it easier to synchronize your various iOS devices, like iPhones and iPads. It also said it'll keep messages in the cloud, helping to save valuable hard drive storage space. Another big change is peer-to-peer payments, which will allow Apple to compete with Paypal, Square Cash, Venmo and others by allowing iOS users to easily send money to one another. On the iPad, users will find drag and drop, more room for icons in the bottom dock of the screen and more. Oh, and we'll bundle this here since it was huge: Apple unveiled ARKit, which will allow developers to easily create augmented reality apps for iOS devices. 5. iPad Pro 10.5 Apple showed a new iPad Pro 10.5 during the event. It features a brighter display with a faster refresh rate, which is important which watching things like movies or playing games. It also sports a new A10X processor that should improve gaming and overall app performance. That chip and the new screen were also added to Apple's iPad Pro 12.9. Apple did not refresh the 9.7-inch iPad Pro. 6. Apple HomePod speaker The only brand new product announced was the HomePod speaker. It's a Siri-powered smart speaker that allows you to play music, check the traffic, control you smart lights, query sports scores and more. Sound familiar? That's because it's very much like the Amazon Echo and Google Home. Apple says its product is better, though, thanks to advanced speakers that will fill your room with music. It'll cost $349 when it launches in December. More From CNBC Apple CEO Tim Cook: Trump 'decided wrong' on the Paris accord Apple just unveiled HomePod, a $349 competitor to Amazon's Echo Gene Munster: Most people missed the most 'revolutionary' thing at Apple's WWDC Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about The Verge What Apple's next iPhone could mean for Verizon, AT&T, Sprint and T-Mobile The Street Huawei will leapfrog Apple and HP to lead the PC market in five years, top exec says CNBC.com The iPad is about to become a multitasking powerhouse CNBC Apple's new dark gray keyboard and mouse are beautiful, but you'll have to buy a $5,000 computer if you want them Business Insider This $19 gadget is all you need to fix the worst thing about the Nintendo Switch BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance NASA’s new Mars rover is completely insane BGR News Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video Comey speaks — What you need to know in markets on Thursday Yahoo Finance Archaeologists unearth the oldest Homo sapiens ever discovered The Verge How to successfully run brick and mortar retail in the Amazon era Yahoo Finance Video Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance This is probably the most covert hidden spy cam on the planet BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, June 7 Yahoo Finance Video  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.8k
Photos Videos Topics Live IND 321/6 (50) - SL (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# Mandsaur ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi News World News US Tech giants join alliance to honour Paris climate agreement Shares0 Tue, 6 Jun 2017-08:36am , PTI US tech giants, government leaders, investors, universities, and companies have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions and honour the Paris Agreement on climate change, days after President Trump announced his decision to withdraw from the landmark deal. Various companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, Intel and Microsoft are among the hundreds of businesses that declared their intention to continue working toward reducing carbon emissions. The firms who were noticeably absent were Oracle, IBM, and all the major telecommunications providers. "In the absence of leadership from Washington, states, cities, colleges and universities and businesses representing a sizeable percentage of the US economy will pursue ambitious climate goals, working together to take forceful action and to ensure that the US remains a global leader in reducing emissions," the coalition, which now consists of more than 1,000 entities, said in a statement yesterday. The US joined the Paris agreement in 2015. Nearly 200 countries are part of the accord and have agreed to fight global warming by reducing carbon emissions. Scientists anticipate climate change could push the Earth to dangerous temperatures much sooner with US retreat from the pledge because the country burns so much energy. The coalition, calling itself "We are still in," includes leaders from nine states, 125 cities, 902 businesses and investors, and 183 colleges and universities. The effort is led by philanthropist and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg. "In the absence of a supportive federal coordinating role, these actors will more closely coordinate their own recarbonisation actions," Bloomberg wrote in a letter to the United Nations secretary-general. "Collectively, they will redouble their efforts to ensure that the US achieves the carbon emissions reductions it pledged under the Paris Agreement." Trump's withdrawal from the pact drew swift condemnation from several tech giants last week, including Apple CEO Tim Cook, who said he spoke with Trump earlier in the week in an effort to persuade him not to withdraw from the pact. In addition to Cook, the CEOs of Google, Facebook, Microsoft, HP, Intel and Tesla also asked Trump to stay in the agreement. Elon Musk, founder of Tesla and SpaceX, made good on his threat to leave several of the president's advisory councils if the president pulled the US out of the climate deal. Cities and states across the US, governors and over 200 mayors have vowed to keep fighting climate change and adopt clean energy technologies, despite President Donald Trump's decision to withdraw the country from the Paris Climate Agreement. "We Are Still In" represents the most serious attempt yet by local officials, business executives, and private-sector leaders to buck the Trump administration's decision, which sent political shockwaves around the world. Participants vowed to meet the Paris agreement's target of limiting global warming to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit, above preindustrial levels by 2100. They also pledged to accelerate the transition to renewable energy. "In the US, it is local and state governments, along with businesses, that are primarily responsible for the dramatic decrease in greenhouse gas emissions in recent years," the group wrote in an open letter to the international community. "Actions by each group will multiply and accelerate in the years ahead, no matter what policies Washington may adopt," they wrote. The new coalition includes dozens of university and college leaders, including the chancellors of six University of California campuses, the president of New York University, plus schools from many states in between the coasts. Nineteen attorneys general joined the group, including New York AG Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts AG Maura Healy, both of whom are investigating Exxon Mobil for allegedly deceiving investors on the company's climate risks The coalition intends to submit a "Societal Nationally Determined Contribution" to the UN, which will be called "America's Pledge" and account for the climate-fighting efforts of US cities, states, businesses, and other subnational actors. It would be rare, if not unprecedented, for a coalition like this to formally join a UN treaty meant for nations to sign. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Gurugram: Woman allegedly gangraped, her nine-month-old daughter thrown to death from auto   Comments   Also Read World UK elections: Voting began, snap election predict Theresa May large majority World Kosovo IS commander killed, police and family say World Manchester Attack: UK police arrest two more men over Ariana Grande concert suicide bombing World Balochistan: Pakistan Army destroys 'ISIS infrastructure', kills 12 terrorists World 46-year-old Indian-American lawyer killed after being hit by train in US World Norway: Supreme Court will not examine mass murderer Anders Breivik's human rights appeal Next Article > Swaraj Swaraj asks Indian mission to help woman sold in Oman < Previous ArticleNext Article > Gurugram: Woman allegedly gangraped, her nine-month-old daughter thrown to death from auto Live Cricket Score Live IND 321/6 (50) SL (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Next node Swaraj Swaraj asks Indian mission to help woman sold in Oman Related Trump feels 'totally vindicated' by Comey's statement N Korea fires suspected land-to-ship missiles as S Korea delays THAAD Top intelligence officials deny receiving pressure from Trump Video WATCH | Aleppo boy who became face of Syrian war looks healthy and happy in this new video! WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation View all Tags United States Donald Trump PARIS United Nations Michael Bloomberg Tim Cook Apple Facebook Google Intel Microsoft Washington Earth Elon Musk IBM Massachusetts New York City New York University SpaceX University of California Paris Agreement Tesla Exxon Mobil President Trump SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News After-being-accused-for-Gulf-crisis,-Trump-now-offers-to-resolve-it Rajnath to review security on Indo-Myanmar Border with NE CMs Dry state no more: Kerala to allow bar licences to 3-4-star hotels Prez race: Panel of 9 non-NDA parties to decide on consensus Explosives, including detonators, seized in police raid Sports Soccer-Sweden's Krafth aims to contain skillful France winger Payet Olympics-Games rights holder Discovery backs Paris 2024 bid over LA INTERVIEW-Athletics-Friend's death hangs heavy over Bolt's final Jamaica run Rugby-Four new caps in Bok shake-up ahead of French test Meghana finishes fourth in women's Air Rifle at Gabala WC Entertainment EXCLUSIVE: Shah Rukh Khan - Anushka Sharma's next with Imtiaz Ali gets its TITLE, find out INSIDE! Phil Collins postpones London concerts after gashing head Gal Gadot thanks fans for showering love on 'Wonder Woman' Phil Collins cancels Royal Albert Hall shows after bad fall 'Magadheera' makers withdraw case, 'Raabta' to release Business Civil Aviation Ministry launches DigiYatra for air passengers EU bill foresees sanctions for accountants, banks helping dodge tax Rupee gains 12 paise against dollar, ends at 3-week high Ex-judges of Delhi HC to get domestic help at court expense Hester Bio board approves $3 mn investment in African arm Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Can AMD Break Intel's Dominance? Chipzilla could soon start feeling the heat from AMD's new products. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Jun 5, 2017 at 9:47PM Shares of Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) have been clobbered since the company dropped its first-quarter earnings report on May 1. Wall Street took issue with AMD's muted gross margin forecast, and analysts seem to be concerned with the company's ability to compete against Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) in the server and the central processing unit (CPU) market. But AMD isn't going to lay low after its latest setback. The semiconductor specialist has clearly spelled out its intention of going after Intel's stronghold at its 2017 analyst day, targeting premium PCs and X86 server processors with new products. AMD wants to take a bite out of server processors Back in March, AMD had announced that it is working on a new two-socket server processor architecture known as Naples, touting its superior specs as compared to Intel's flagship server offering. AMD has now provided more details regarding this new chip, which has been rebranded as Epyc. Currently, Intel has a near-monopoly in x86 server chips, as it commands over 90% of this market. So, AMD had to bring a cutting-edge product to make its presence felt in this space, and it looks like Epyc is just what it needed. Image source: AMD.  AMD claims that its Epyc server chip will break the constraints of Intel's Moore's Law by improving product yields and reducing manufacturing costs, while its scalable nature will help deliver a substantial boost in performance as compared to its rival. In fact, AMD has packed the Epyc chip with 45% more cores than Intel's competing chip, 60% more input/output capacity, and 122% more bandwidth memory. Image source: AMD.  AMD's internal tests establish Epyc's dominance over a typical Intel server chip, thanks to its superior configuration as it packs more power in a smaller form factor. In fact, AMD claims that the single-socket performance of Epyc is 50% more powerful than Intel's two-socket chips, while also providing the benefit of lower power consumption, which should lead to lower operating expenses. More specifically, AMD believes that Epyc's performance advantage could help it reduce the total cost of ownership of data center servers by up to 30%. This could help the company disrupt the market for two-socket server chips, which accounts for 80% of the overall x86 server market. Investors should probably take AMD's performance comparisons against Intel's server chips with a grain of salt, as these tests aren't independent. But if AMD indeed manages to deliver real-world performance gains against Intel, and prices Epyc right, it can make a dent in the global data-center server market that's expected to grow at almost 5% a year until 2021. AMD is also targeting high-end PCs AMD has started to aggressively target a $39 billion opportunity in client computing and discrete graphics processing units by going against Intel in the high-end PC CPU market with its latest offerings. AMD's computing revenue growth is already outpacing the overall market. It won't be a big surprise if the trend continues, as AMD is trying to reenter the premium end of the market, which should lead to higher average selling prices and better margins. AMD has already increased its total addressable market by $9 billion thanks to the launch of the Ryzen 7 and Ryzen 5 series of central processing units (CPUs) in the first half of 2017, which are aimed at premium desktop customers. As it turns out, the current Ryzen lineup is already in strong demand by PC builders, with more Ryzen-based desktops on the way this quarter. The good news for AMD investors is that the new CPU lineup is winning back market share. In fact, during the first quarter, the Ryzen CPUs led to a 2% increase in AMD's CPU market share. The company finally made a dent in Intel's stronghold for the first time in a decade. AMD will continue to launch more Ryzen CPUs aimed at the commercial market for workstations and laptops, along with consumer laptops, through the first half of the next year to boost its total addressable market by another $10 billion. It won't be surprising if it continues to take more market share away from Intel once its full range of Ryzen CPUs hit the market. The Foolish bottom line AMD stock had a tough time after the company's latest results, but investors shouldn't worry, as its new CPUs have started gaining traction, allowing it to break into Intel's market. The launch of the Epyc server chips will give AMD's top line another boost as it takes on Intel, setting the stage for stronger long-term growth. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info Jun 5, 2017 at 9:47PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.02 (0.06%) Advanced Micro Devices NASDAQ:AMD $12.70 up $0.32 (2.54%) Read More Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Surged Today AMD's Graphics Cards Are Selling Out for the Wrong Reason...Again Why Advanced Micro Devices Stock Is Slumping Today Why AMD's Latest Buy Could Be Critical to Its Growth Advanced Micro Devices Inc: Buy the Dip? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Can AMD Break Intel's Dominance? @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $AMD
Style Beauty Love Video Weddings Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search These Are the New Products and Developments From Apple's Latest Announcement Including the "HomePod." GettyEric Thayer By Eric Limer Jun 6, 2017 Apple kicks off WWDC conference with Monday keynote. HomePod is Apple's new $350 smart speaker. MacOS High Sierra coming free this fall with under-the-hood tweaks for faster performance. An iMac Pro is coming in December for $5,000. IOS 11 gives Siri a voice update and translation powers, and comes with a redesigned App Store. There's a new iPad Pro with a 10.5-inch screen. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Apple just finished the keynote for its Worldwide Developer's Conference (WWDC). The presentation covered all the WWDC mainstays — a new version of macOS and a new version of iOS, both arriving in the fall — as well as a handful of hardware odds and ends, and the long-rumored Siri-powered speaker. HomePod The biggest announcement of WWDC this year is Apple's long-rumored smart speaker, officially dubbed the "HomePod": At just under 7 inches high and powered by Apple's A8 chip that you will also find in iPhones, HomePod is a speaker that uses sensing technology in an attempt to offer fuller, spacious sound. Multiple HomePods can also be networked together for especially large rooms. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below As expected, the HomePod can react to voice commands with the help of Siri, much like competing smart speakers from Amazon and Google. Although while the Echo and the Home bill themselves as voice assistants first and speakers second, it looks like Apple is positioning HomePod as a speaker first, with assistant features as an added bonus. Through voice commands, the HomePod looks to be able to handle general question answering, calendar adjustment, and timer setting just like a Google Home or regular old Siri can. The details of how far it can go are still fuzzy for the time being. The HomePad can also interact with smart appliances that work with HomeKit. Example commands include: The HomePod comes in white and gray, and starts shipping this December for $350. By comparison, you can buy a Google Home for $110 or an Amazon Echo for $180. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below macOS The newest version of macOS, dubbed High Sierra, is what Apple is billing as a refined version of regular old Sierra, which came before. The new version of Safari included in High Sierra can automatically block auto-playing video and will also use machine learning in an attempt to minimize the amount of ad-tracking information shared between sites. The Photos app in High Sierra also packs a few new tricks, including machine-learning-powered facial recognition, much like what Google announced in Google Photos two years ago. High Sierra will also introduce a new, default file system. It's an under-the-hood tweak, but one that Apple promises will be able to speed up processes like moving or duplicating files even with the same computing horsepower. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below High Sierra will be out as a free update this fall. New Macs The newest line of iMacs come with the latest Intel Kaby Lake chips, which will give them a boost in both compute power and graphics capability. They also come with Thunderbolt-capable USB Type-C ports, which brings us one step closer to using the same type of cable for pretty much anything, though Apple's iPhones still use the proprietary Lightning Port. Apple also teased a new "iMac Pro" that will release in December with up to an 18-core Xeon Processor, AMD's new Radeon Vega graphics, and up to 16 gigabytes of video RAM. Oh yeah, and it comes in Space Grey. This kind of power isn't aimed at the average Joe, but instead aimed directly at professionals that do a lot of video editing or other horsepower heavy jobs, so all that will cost you a hefty $5,000 on the low end. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Apple's MacBooks are also being updated with Intel's new chips but no other design modifications. You'll notice that the MacBook Air is pointedly absent: iOS 11 In iOS 11, Apple Pay will be able let you send or receive money to and from people, effectively putting a built-in version of Venmo right inside iOS. So long as the people you hang with are all on iPhones. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Siri is also getting some updates. Thanks to machine learning, she'll now have a more natural-sounding voice with more options for emphasis than before. Siri will also be able to give you translation if you ask her how to say something in say, Chinese, although this will only be a beta feature in iOS 11. The control panel is also getting a brand new look that packs a bunch more functionality into a small space: Advertisement - Continue Reading Below IOS 11 also includes a suite of features aimed mostly at iPad Pro users. The new "Files" app functions basically as a traditional computer file system for the iPad Pro but also includes files from third-party cloud storage services like Dropbox. IOS 11 on the iPad Pro also supports drag and drop, which lets you drag apps around your screen much the same way you can have multiple windows open on the same desktop. Apple is clearly making a push to use iOS 11 to make the iPad Pro a more suitable replacement for your average laptop. The new iOS 11 is available as a beta for developers now, an open beta later this summer, and a free update this fall. A New iPad Pro There's a new version of the smaller iPad Pro, with its screen scaled up to 10.5 inches from 9.7 thanks in large part to some shrinking down around the bezels. This modest bump in size is just enough for the new iPad Pro to be able to have a full-size on-screen keyboard and use a full-size keyboard cover. Apple also doubled the refresh rate of the screen on the iPad Pro, effectively increasing the speed at which the screen can update itself. That'll make motion on it look extra smooth (if the app can support it and your eyes can tell the difference) and also let it work with the Apple Pencil without as much update lag. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below The new iPad Pro is available now and starts shipping next week: Other Odds and Ends Amazon is coming to Apple TV with Amazon Prime video. The streaming juggernaut has been a hold-out when it comes to streaming devices made by its tech-space competitors. You still can't stream Amazon Prime to a Google Chromecast, but coming to Apple TV means that either Amazon is coming out of its shell or Apple made a heck of a deal to get the important streaming service on its box. Apple isn't rolling out any crazy augmented reality glasses yet, but with the new "ARKit," Apple is takings its first earnest steps into the space. The developer kit demonstrated on stage was able to pull off the the same sort of tricks the Facebook and Snapchat have been able to with a similar "look through your phone" approach, nothing particularly groundbreaking. But since there are so many iPhones out in the wild, Apple's shot at this tech doesn't have to be especially good — it has a huge leg up by virtue of existing at all. From: Popular Mechanics Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Lifestyle Stories Ftom the Manchester Terror Attack 30 Gifts Your Dad Will Totally Love Advertisement - Continue Reading Below You Can Now Zip Line Off the Eiffel Tower Harvard Revokes Acceptance Letters Over Memes Woman Charged in Boyfriend's Suicide Nixes Jury Pharmacist Allegedly Refused Patient IUD Hormones Everything You Need To Know Ringless Voice Mail Worldwide Disney Attendance Drops in 2016 Here Are Your Most Often Misspelled Porn Searches Your Horoscopes for the Week of June 5 Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Lifestyle Why Apple's New AirPod Headphones Are a Terrible Design The Coolest Beauty Products Launched in 2017 Kylie Jenner Made a Legitimate MUSIC VIDEO to Announce Her New Beauty Product, NBD A Candle That Smells Like a New Macbook Exists 6 Things You Need to Know About Apple's New Products Products From Across The Pond Apple Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get this Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Cosmopolitan gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
Menu Deadline TV Broadcast Networks Join Gaggle Of Outlets Covering James Comey’s… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News Fox Cancels '24: Legacy,' But Franchise Might Continue Top Stories Box Office Could ‘Mummy’ Be Cruise’s Best Global Bow At $177M? by by Lisa de Moraes Film Coogler & Jordan Reteam For New Movie ‘Wrong Answer’ by by Lisa de Moraes Business Hollywood Credit Unions Near Mega-Merger by by Lisa de Moraes Cosby Trial: Jury Hears Call; Accuser Wraps Testimony TV Broadcast Networks Join Gaggle Of Outlets Covering James Comey’s Testimony Before Senate Intel Committee by Lisa de Moraes June 5, 2017 5:49pm 7 TV Breaking News Politics TV News Donald Trump James Comey Michael Flynn REX/Shutterstock Broadcast networks plan to cover former FBI Director James Comey’s testimony before the Senate Intel Committee on Thursday, because a monster ratings draw of this magnitude is a terrible thing to waste. Related Samantha Bee: 'Fox & Friends' Serves Trump Daily Breakfast of "Scrambled Islamophobia" After the White House announced at Monday’s press briefing President Donald Trump would not invoke executive privilege in an effort to block Comey from testifying, the most anticipated Congressional testimony in many viewers’ lifetime was a go;  ABC and CBS and C-Span announced their intention to get in on the action, along with the cable news networks; pundits have their money on NBC following suit. Comey, the reigning king of bombshell news conferences, will be making his first public remarks since Trump sacked him on May 9. Which means it’s the first chance he’s had to talk about that news report he made a memo detailing a conversation in which Trump allegedly asked him to drop his investigation of since-sacked National Security advisor Michael Flynn. Trump has, since he booted Comey, called him a “showboat” and “grandstander” who needed to go.  In a doozy of an interview in May, Donald Trump told Lester Holt he’d asked Comey more than once, when Comey still was FBI director, whether he was under investigation, and had been assured he was not. Once it was over dinner – which Trump said Comey asked for because he wanted to keep his job, though Trump almost immediately walked that claim back. Trump brushed aside Holt’s question about the timing of the firing, which raised eyebrows, coming as it did while Comey was overseeing an investigation into possible Trump campaign collusion with Russians who meddled in the election. Trump was ready for that one, answering “this Russia Thing , with Trump and Russia, is a made-up story. It’s an excuse by the Democrats for having lost and election. They should have won, and the reason they should have won it is, the electoral college is almost impossible for a Republican to win. Very hard. Because you start off at such a disadvantage. So everybody thinks they should have won the election.” “When I did this now I said I probably, maybe, will confuse people, maybe I’ll lengthen the time [of the FBI investigation]. In my opinion it should have been over a long time ago, because it’s an excuse.” Under the circumstances, you can see why TV networks are treating Comey’s Thursday testimony as Must See TV. CBS News, as a for instance, announced Monday its CBS This Morning co-hosts Charlie Rose, Gayle King and Norah O’Donnell will anchor live coverage of the testimony, expected to begin at 10 AM ET. They’ll be joined in New York by Face the Nation anchor John Dickerson, chief legal correspondent Jan Crawford, White House correspondent Margaret Brennan,  chief congressional correspondent Nancy Cordes, justice and homeland security correspondent Jeff Pegues, and national correspondent Chip Reid. Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 7 7 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Rod Steele • on Jun 5, 2017 6:19 pm If you can’t prove any Trump campaign Russia evil-doing, J.C., at least declare Trump a reckless, clueless, totally out of his league and mind buffoon who won the election illegitimately. Most of the country would forgive your incompetence and inappropriateness over the nonsensical Clinton email probe which was always much ado about nothing. Reply joe ryan • on Jun 5, 2017 8:54 pm if there is a hell, the networks are going there. children telling other children children’s stories. “Full of sound and fury…Signifying nothing” Pray this stays up 10 minutes so i can forward and boast. Reply Jose Paterno • on Jun 5, 2017 10:12 pm Comey doesn’t want forgiveness, he wants his legacy of being nonpartisan and putting country before party staying intact. It might not be so much for many people on the left or right but for Comey that doesn’t matter either. Personally, I hope his testimony is fatal to Team Trump’s ability to legislate. It’d also be nice to see the House get flipped too. Reply Andrew • on Jun 5, 2017 6:51 pm ABC & CBS? i already made my popcorn Reply Matt • on Jun 6, 2017 8:51 am Meanwhile, Fox will be airing an encore of the Clinton impeachment trial Reply typegiwoqac • on Jun 7, 2017 7:32 am Nikki Haley had said of Comey’s termination that Trump is the CEO of his country, and he can hire or fire as he pleases. Wrong, Ms. Haley. Trump is not the CEO, he is a public servant working for us. Moreover, he must work with our other branches and only within his own power limits. Trump’s own authority ended where Comey’s began. Trump supporters think he will kick out immigrants and re-establish the patriarchy. They think he will get rid of Obamacare, which, ironically, will hurt most of his supporters. Under Obamacare, my previously unaffordable premium is now down to $85/month. My auto insurance is down to $25/month (from Insurance Panda). My homeowners is $25/month too. Under Trump, expect inflation and massive price increases across the board. This administration can lie otherwise, but our democracy is not Trump’s personal enterprise. Reply Billy Bob Johnson • on Jun 7, 2017 8:20 am I’ll be very surprised if he says anything earth-shattering in public. Like today’s hearings with intel chiefs, I expect to hear a lot of “I wouldn’t want to discuss that in a public forum.” Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Bill Cosby Rape Trial: Jury Hears Taped Call Of Star Offering To "Set Up Something" For Accuser 2 How To Watch Former FBI Director James Comey Testify At Senate Intel Committee Hearing Today 3 Could 'The Mummy' Really Turn Out To Be Tom Cruise's Biggest Global Opening Of All-Time With $177M? 4 Stephen Colbert Shares James Comey's Testimony About Donald Trump Meetings 5 Tiffani Thiessen To Co-Star In Netflix Multi-Camera Comedy ‘Alexa & Katie’ 6 ‘24: Legacy’ Canceled By Fox After One Season, ‘24’ Franchise May Continue 7 'Misfits' Reboot From Fake Empire Gets Freeform Pilot Order, Casts Four Leads 8 Bruce Lee-Inspired Tong Wars Drama ‘Warrior’ From Justin Lin & ‘Banshee’ Co-Creator Gets Cinemax Series Order 9 'Snowpiercer': Jennifer Connelly To Star In TNT Pilot Based On Movie 10 Danny Dias Dies: Former MTV 'Road Rules" Cast Member Was 34 Latest TV News Stephen Colbert Shares James Comey’s Testimony About Donald Trump Meetings Samantha Bee: ‘Fox & Friends’ Serves Trump Daily Breakfast of “Scrambled Islamophobia” Rick Phillips Upped At Growing FoxNext Games How To Watch Former FBI Director James Comey Testify At Senate Intel Committee Hearing Today Discovery, Eurosport Throw Weight Behind Paris’ 2024 Summer Olympics Bid Suleka Mathew To Recur On ‘Claws’; Max Casella Sees ‘Shades Of Blue’ More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Verizon to Cut More Than 2,000 Jobs at AOL-Yahoo After Yahoo… Emmys 2017: Outstanding Comedy Series — Our 7 Dream… Miranda Lambert CMT Awards performance: Watch 'Pink Sunglasses' Fifth Harmony Gets 'Down' In A Motel Parking Lot In Hot New… One of the hottest iOS 11 features will force you to buy a new… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Menu Deadline TV Trevor Noah Signs Executive Order Banning Donald Trump From Making Fli… Home Film TV Awardsline Box Office Business INTL Video Jobs Got A Tip? Breaking News Fox Cancels '24: Legacy,' But Franchise Might Continue Top Stories Box Office Could ‘Mummy’ Be Cruise’s Best Global Bow At $177M? by by Lisa de Moraes Film Coogler & Jordan Reteam For New Movie ‘Wrong Answer’ by by Lisa de Moraes Business Hollywood Credit Unions Near Mega-Merger by by Lisa de Moraes Cosby Trial: Jury Hears Call; Accuser Wraps Testimony TV Trevor Noah Signs Executive Order Banning Donald Trump From Making Flimflam Announcements by Lisa de Moraes June 6, 2017 9:39pm 14 President Trump is trying to distract Americans during Comey Week, The Daily Show’s Trevor Noah noted Tuesday night. On Thursday,  former FBI director James Comey will get asked by someone on the Senate Intel Committee whether he really did, as Trump said in his letter sacking Comey and again to NBC’s Lester Holt, assure Trump three times the president was not under investigation. Comey’s testimony is expected to clock a TV audience rivaling that of the Watergate hearings, size-wise. Related 'Daily Show' Slams Megyn Kelly's Morph From Fox News So, how is Trump distracting us? With Infrastructure Week! Which Noah likened to counterprogramming Shark Week with Barnacle Week. And though the ceremony at which Trump signed a document  after announcing his proposed changes to the country’s air traffic control system was befitting a bill signing, the document was just a memo to Congress outlining his proposal. “He just wrote a to-do list and signed it?!” Noah marveled. “He really is a TV president!…He loves the performance of doing things, but a lot of the time, nothing is actually being done. Essentially, Donald Trump wants to be president, but he doesn’t want to do president,” Noah said. Which, funny enough, is just what Seth Meyers forecast back during the campaign when he offered Trump the chance to play POTUS as star of a new NBC primetime series,  Chicago President, so he could play at being POTUS without actually having to do the hard work.   Filed Under: TV Breaking News Late Night TV Politics Donald Trump Infrastructure Week James Comey Subscribe to Deadline Breaking News Alerts and keep your inbox happy 14 14 Comments Cancel reply Comments On Deadline Hollywood are monitored. So don't go off topic, don't impersonate anyone, and don't get your facts wrong. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (Address never made public) Name Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. • on Jun 6, 2017 9:49 pm Nobody cares he’s not funny or relevant Reply Steve Wallace • on Jun 6, 2017 9:58 pm Dud. Reply rick • on Jun 6, 2017 10:41 pm Is he now writing his own lame material? Reply Mike • on Jun 6, 2017 10:51 pm Another fail from Comedy Central’s affirmative action hire. Reply • on Jun 7, 2017 12:07 am Flimflam man spot on – real distraction maybe revealing meaning of covfefe Reply chrismireya • on Jun 7, 2017 1:11 am Fail. Why is Trevor Noah on the air? Reply 2min • on Jun 7, 2017 5:35 am Funny, funny man. Reply • on Jun 7, 2017 5:56 am How’s AG Schneiderman’s RICO case in New York coming along? I hear that some banks were just subpeona’d in their money laundering investigation. Reply • on Jun 7, 2017 6:44 am Wow…I disagreed with about 90% of what John use to spew, but he was at least funny! This fool is just a imbecile. Reply • on Jun 7, 2017 8:06 am I watch every episode and love love love Trevor’s take on the Daily Show. He’s been doing a great job. It’s def a younger take om things but every joke is delivered with a devilish charm that just makes me smile and is a pleasure to watch. Reply • on Jun 7, 2017 8:19 am Y’all down below must just be jealous, failed comedians who’ve clearly got no game of your own, based on your lame comments. I’ve been stopping “House of Cards” every night at 10:40, just to switch and watch the first 10 minutes of “The Daily Show” before bed. Reply • on Jun 7, 2017 9:31 am As Trump often says, this is so true. He wants to play POTUS but isn’t doing the hard work that comes along with actually acting like POTUS. Reply Roy • on Jun 7, 2017 9:32 am As Trump often says, this is so true. He wants to play POTUS but isn’t doing the hard work that comes along with actually acting like POTUS. Reply Writer • on Jun 7, 2017 11:02 am Good job, Noah! Reply What's Hot on Deadline 1 Bill Cosby Rape Trial: Jury Hears Taped Call Of Star Offering To "Set Up Something" For Accuser 2 How To Watch Former FBI Director James Comey Testify At Senate Intel Committee Hearing Today 3 Could 'The Mummy' Really Turn Out To Be Tom Cruise's Biggest Global Opening Of All-Time With $177M? 4 Stephen Colbert Shares James Comey's Testimony About Donald Trump Meetings 5 Tiffani Thiessen To Co-Star In Netflix Multi-Camera Comedy ‘Alexa & Katie’ 6 ‘24: Legacy’ Canceled By Fox After One Season, ‘24’ Franchise May Continue 7 'Misfits' Reboot From Fake Empire Gets Freeform Pilot Order, Casts Four Leads 8 Bruce Lee-Inspired Tong Wars Drama ‘Warrior’ From Justin Lin & ‘Banshee’ Co-Creator Gets Cinemax Series Order 9 'Snowpiercer': Jennifer Connelly To Star In TNT Pilot Based On Movie 10 Danny Dias Dies: Former MTV 'Road Rules" Cast Member Was 34 Latest TV News Stephen Colbert Shares James Comey’s Testimony About Donald Trump Meetings Samantha Bee: ‘Fox & Friends’ Serves Trump Daily Breakfast of “Scrambled Islamophobia” Rick Phillips Upped At Growing FoxNext Games How To Watch Former FBI Director James Comey Testify At Senate Intel Committee Hearing Today Discovery, Eurosport Throw Weight Behind Paris’ 2024 Summer Olympics Bid Suleka Mathew To Recur On ‘Claws’; Max Casella Sees ‘Shades Of Blue’ More Marketplace Featured Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut SEE MORE JOBS Verizon to Cut More Than 2,000 Jobs at AOL-Yahoo After Yahoo… Emmys 2017: Outstanding Comedy Series — Our 7 Dream… Miranda Lambert CMT Awards performance: Watch 'Pink Sunglasses' Fifth Harmony Gets 'Down' In A Motel Parking Lot In Hot New… One of the hottest iOS 11 features will force you to buy a new… About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Google+ The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife SPY TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwear News Copyright © 2017 Penske Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved. HOLLYWOOD™ & Design © 2017 Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. The Hollywood Sign is a trademark and intellectual property of Hollywood Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 June 2017 by James Lamb Smart TV Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Smart TV market is estimated at $XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach $XX million by 2022 growing at a CAGR of XX% from 2016 to 2022. Increase in internet users across the regions is the one of the key factor driving the market growth. Advancements in computer technology is hampering the market growth. North America accounted for the highest market share as compared to other regions. The Asia Pacific region is expected to grow at a higher CAGR and is anticipated to account for the highest market share during forecast period. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/smart-tv-market Some of the key players in the market include Yahoo, Videocon, Toshiba, Sony, Sharp, Samsung, Philips, Panasonic, Onida (Mirc Electronics Ltd), Microsoft, LG Electronics, Intel, Haier, Google, Cable Labs, Apple and Amd. What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/smart-tv-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Industry, Markets, Technology, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Omega-3 Fatty Acid Market 2017-2022: Trends, Top Manufacturers and Investment Opportunities for Stakeholders Next PostNext Naval Vessel MRO Market 2017 is Stepping into a Bright Future in Asia-Pacific Region Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Panache LATEST NEWS BJD MP Tathagata Satpathy's reference to colleague as "chor" ruffles feathers A cut in rate does not mean more growth, says former RBI Governor Y V Reddy Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Magazines Panache ET Wealth Brand Equity Corporate Dossier ET Magazine Travel Tech and GadgetsWorklifeCars & BikesLifestyleHealthPeopleEntertainmentBooksCity LifeHumourBetween The Lines ET Home›Magazines›Panache 04:05 PM | 08 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,213-57.92 NIFTY 50 9,647-16.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,225-215.00 USD/INR 64.21-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments WWDC 2017: Everything important Apple announced at its big event By Karan Bajaj , Hitesh Raj Bhagat , ET Bureau| Jun 07, 2017, 08.05 AM IST READ MORE ON » Software engineeringiPhoneIOSBetaApple Tim Cook, CEO, speaks during Apple's annual world wide developer conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California. Related Apple set to unveil Siri-powered speaker as California conference kicks off Apple's HomePod speaker will 'reinvent music' Apple made a host of new software and hardware announcements at its annual WWDC. While essentially a developer conference, it gives customers a sneak peek at upcoming products and software features — all of which will also be available in India towards the end of 2017 and early 2018. Hitesh Raj Bhagat & Karan Bajaj take you through the major announcements HomePod This is Apple’s new connected home speaker with a focus on audio quality. It’s powered by Apple’s A8 processor that enables all sorts of software audio wizardry. Inside the small enclosure, HomePod hides a 4-inch long-throw woofer, seven tweeters (each with their own amplifier), and six microphones. A prototype of Apple's new HomePod is displayed during the 2017 Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC). (Image: AFP) HomePod is spatially aware, which means that it maps the room in which it is placed to optimise the audio output. Using Siri, you can play music and ask questions regarding news, weather, traffic, ask it to read your messages, set reminder/alarms/timers and so on. If you have two HomePod speakers, they will automatically work in tandem with each other. Priced at US$ 349, the HomePod is expected to launch sometime December this year, so we expect it to reach India early 2018. iMac Pro The biggest surprise from the event was the new iMac Pro that will come in a darker Space Grey as compared to the typical silver. It challenges the perception that you can’t fit a super-powerful, workstation-class computer into an all-in-one design. It’s also built to cater to the needs of power-hungry folks who have been complaining of lack of upgrades to the Mac Pro line. It has a 27-inch 5k display and is the first iMac to offer 10Gb Ethernet and 4 Thunderbolt ports. Craig Federighi, Senior Vice President Software Engineering speaks under a projection image of an iMac computer. (Image: Reuters) This means you can connect two additional 5k displays and 2 RAID storage drives simultaneously. In addition, the iMac Pro comes with Vesa mount option for those who want to mount it to a wall. You can get it with a choice of 8, 10 or 18 core Intel Xeon processor, up to 128GB RAM and up to 4TB SSD storage. Moreover, it will come with the workstation-class Radeon Vega GPU with up to 16GB dedicated memory. Other features include a 1080p FaceTime camera, UHS-II SDXC card slot, stereo speakers, four microphones, 4 x USB 3.0 ports, WiFi ac and Bluetooth 4.2. iMac Pro will be available from December onwards and will be priced at US$ 5,000 for the base variant (8-core, 32GB RAM, 1TB SSD, Radeon Vega GPU with 8GB memory). The box includes a new Magic Keyboard with numeric keypad and Magic Mouse 2 — both of which are in a matching Space Grey colour. iOS 11 — A BIG UPDATE WITH NEW FEATURES ACROSS THE BOARD new features added to iPhones, iPod Touch and iPads — some that are mentioned up front and some that you will find out for yourself. For starters, there’s a big push for augmented reality (AR) and the ARKit for developers will help them build new experiences in time for the full release of iOS 11. Siri will sound a lot better (both male and female voices) because the voice will be more natural and expressive. There’s a ton of machine learning that goes into something so small. There’ll be new camera features, a new image file format (smaller size), updates to Apple Maps (with maps for airports and shopping malls around the world) and AirPlay 2 (with support for multi room audio). Apple's Senior Vice President of Worldwide Marketing Phil Schiller speaks during the opening keynote address. (Image: AFP) A new feature called Do Not Disturb While Driving is quite interesting. iPhone will automatically detect if you are moving in a car and switch off all notifications (and distractions). If you’re in a car but not driving, you can tell it so and it will open up all features. Someone who texts you will get an auto-response mentioning that you’re driving. In case someone is trying to reach you urgently, they only need to reply ‘urgent’ and the phone will let it through! And iPads get a host of exclusive features too. There’s a new customisable dock (quite like OS X) that lets you quickly switch between apps or start side-by-side apps (split view). There’s a new Files app that shows you all your files, whether they’re stored on the device storage or your choice of cloud provider. There’s many new features in the Notes app and support for drag-and-drop across the system. This update will make the iPad line a lot more powerful for someone who wants to use it as a computer replacement. iOS 11 will be a free update later this year on all iPhone (5s and later), all iPad Air and iPad Pro models, iPad 5th generation, iPad mini 2 and later and iPod Touch 6th gen. If you have a paid developer account, you can download the developer beta right away. A free public beta will be available for all users later this month. Revamped App Store The new app store will make it easier for you to discover new apps and games. The new Today tab will showcase the apps better with larger images and videos. Other tabs include apps, games, updates (shows you what’s changed in the latest update) and search (shows details of in-app purchases). WatchOS 4 This new update for Apple Watch gives Siri new capabilities and enhances the fitness features. There’s a new Siri watch face that updates with information from your favourite apps and shows you relevant information at different times of day. This could include activity, alarms, Breathe, Calendar, Maps, Reminders and news snippets from the Apple News app. Other new watch faces include a Kaleidoscope and faces with characters from Toy Story (Woodie, Jessie, Buzz Lightyear). As for fitness, it includes auto-sets for pool workouts and new motion and heart rate algorithms for High Intensity Interval Training (HIIT) workouts. WatchOS 4 will be a free update for all Apple Watches that are paired with iPhone 5s (or later) that have been upgraded to iOS 11. New Apple iPad Pro Apple has announced the new iPad Pro in two display variants — 10.5-inch (2,224 x 1668 pixels) and 12.9-inch (2,732 x 2048 pixels). This is step up from the conventional 9.7-inch screen because of slimmer bezels. Apple says that the width this new screen offers is enough for a full-size on-screen keyboard that should be more comfortable to type on. Having said that, there will also be new keyboard covers and covers with built in storage for the Apple Pencil. The Pencil stays the same as before. Both devices have slim bezels, 600 nits brightness, HDR video support and 120Hz refresh rate. Both variants come with a new hexa core A10X fusion chip, M10 coprocessor and storage has been bumped up as well. The base variant gets 64GB storage, midrange is 256GB and the top-end gets a massive 512GB. The camera is the same as on the iPhone 7: a 12MP camera with f1.8 aperture and optical image stabilization while the front gets a 7MP camera with f2.2 aperture. Other common features include TouchID fingerprint scanner, four speakers that auto-adjust, dual microphones, optional LTE, WiFi and Bluetooth wireless connectivity. As is usual for iPads, these will also deliver up to 10 hours of battery life. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro is priced at US$ 649 onwards while the 12.9-inch iPad Pro is US$799 onwards. Mac OSX High Sierra The latest version of Apple’s desktop operating system includes a new file system, high efficiency video coding (HEVC) and support for virtual reality content creation (powered by the new hardware upgrades). The new file system is simply called Apple File System (APFS) but don’t be worried – it is fully compatible with the previous HFS system but offers numerous advantages such as faster data transfers, native encryption and protection of data in case of power failure or system crashes. The Annual Hardware Refresh In line with the yearly hardware refresh, Apple has updated the MacBook and iMac line-up with the latest 7 th generation Intel Core processors. The iMac also gets improved displays, support for VR, up to 64GB RAM, up to 2TB Fusion drives and new AMD Radeon Pro GPUs. Prices for the new iMac start at US$ 1,100. For the MacBooks, the main upgrade is the new processor along with faster solid state memory drives. Prices for the MacBook starts at US$ 1,299 while the MacBook with TouchBar starts at US$ 1,799. We expect the upgraded variants to launch in India very soon. Want stories like this in your inbox? Sign up for the weekly ET Panache newsletter. You can also follow us on Facebook and Twitter. READ MORE ON » Software engineeringiPhoneIOSBetaApple Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1WWDC 2017: Everything important Apple announced at its big event Motorola launches Moto Z2 Play in India at Rs 27,999 ASUS launches battery-saver app for its Zenfone Max smartphones Now, Facebook releases maps to help tackle natural disasters Do you connect your gadgets to open Wi-Fi networks while on vacation? Stop, now! Here's how much the new Apple iPad Pro, MacBook Pro and iMac will cost in India Google's new educational programme will help children fight online bullies & hackers Now, Facebook Live will have closed captions for users with hearing-impairment Sent a message by mistake? WhatsApp closer to introducing 'Recall' feature Cracked your iPhone? Now, Apple makes screen fixes easier Apple wants to rock the market with HomePod, faces challenges BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Toggle navigation Archive Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters × Are you ready for … Comeymas? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Are you ready for … Comeymas? Ed MorrisseyPosted at 7:21 pm on June 6, 2017 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Ringling Brothers may have retired its three-ring show, but believe me, the circus will come to town in Washington DC on Thursday … even if there won’t be much of a show. Everyone is ramping up for perhaps the most anticipated Congressional testimony since Anita Hill in the Clarence Thomas confirmation hearing, or maybe even Oliver North’s appearance during the investigation into the Iran-Contra scandal. Former FBI director James Comey will testify in a Senate Intelligence Committee hearing on the ongoing probes into Russian interference in the 2016 election — and the extent to which Donald Trump made him feel “uncomfortable.” This afternoon’s ABC News report on the leak from Comey’s camp may have taken some of the wind out of the sails, but beforehand, CNN’s Chris Cillizza called it “Washington’s Super Bowl.” The Redskins have been unavailable for comment on that point for the last twenty-six years: Washington politics has often been described as sports for people who weren’t all that good at sports. If that’s true, then Thursday’s congressional testimony by fired FBI Director James Comey is this town’s Super Bowl. … The big three broadcast networks — ABC, CBS and NBC — announced they would be carrying the Comey hearing live, an unheard-of move for something so traditionally mundane as a congressional hearing. Not only will Comey testify then but he’ll have no shackles — at least from senators — on what he can say. And his words will be heard by, basically, anyone who turns on a TV for any part of the day on Thursday. The story Comey presumably has to tell is a humdinger, based on all of the amazing reporting in and around this White House and Comey’s relationship with Trump. It’s not just the broadcast networks that will carry the show live. Salem Radio Network, part of our parent company Salem Communications, plans to cover the hearing gavel-to-gavel as well, beginning at 10 am ET. SRN News’ Senate correspondent Linda Kenyon will anchor the broadcast, which will pre-empt our regular schedule, and SRN White House correspondent Greg Clugston will contribute to the commentary. But will this be a game-changer, or will this be the equivalent of a “Fitzmas” moment? Intel committee chair Richard Burr told reporters that he expects Comey to be pretty darned frank, and will only be “constrained” when it comes to classified information: Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr, R-North Carolina, said that he doesn’t expect former FBI Director James Comey‘s testimony to be “fenced off” or “constrained” when he appears before the committee Thursday. “He can’t talk about anything that’s classified in an open session,” Burr told reporters Monday, “but I haven’t gotten any indication that he is constrained in any way, shape or form as a public citizen.” … “It’s about Russia’s involvement in our 2016 election which is the investigation,” Burr said. “And that does lead into the possibility of collusion by either campaign, but it also gets into questions that have been raised publicly about conversations that may or may not have taken place. He’ll have an opportunity to clear that all up.” One easily-anticipated element of the circus may not actually materialize, however. The White House would normally be expected to put together a rapid-response team to counter any statements made by Comey, in the style of a campaign working a debate. According to NBC, however, Trump’s team says there is “zero” chance of happening, and any questions will be routed to outside counsel instead: As Washington gears up for one of its biggest political events in years — former FBI director James Comey appearing publicly on Capitol Hill — it’s not a stretch to imagine the White House scrambling behind the scenes to set up a crisis-management system to contain fallout from any damaging testimony Thursday. Instead, multiple people familiar with the planning describe to a different reality: early talk of a “war room” has petered out significantly. One source close to the White House describes it flatly: “There’s no war room. Zero.” Another administration source says it simply “never took off.” What was originally intended to be an in-house command post has instead shifted outside the administration. The president’s aides are expected to shunt all Comey-related questions on Thursday to outside counsel Marc Kasowitz. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer signaled this move last week, when he explicitly referred Russia-related inquiries to the president’s longtime lawyer. That’s a political risk, if Comey offers any seriously damaging testimony, but the ABC report pretty much limits that risk, and perhaps the White House knew already that Comey doesn’t have anything that damaging on the president. Kasowitz could decide to set up his own comms operation, but he’d have to be careful about putting explanations on the record — especially if Trump has his Twitter app handy during the hearing. One would think that a president might have more pressing matters to attend on a Thursday midmorning, and that an attorney would warn a client not to make any public statements at all, but … Trump’s not exactly known for taking advice, either: Top lawyers with at least four major law firms rebuffed White House overtures to represent President Trump in the Russia investigations, in part over concerns that the president would be unwilling to listen to their advice, according to five sources familiar with discussions about the matter. … But a consistent theme, the sources said, was the concern about whether the president would accept the advice of his lawyers and refrain from public statements and tweets that have consistently undercut his position. “The concerns were, ‘The guy won’t pay and he won’t listen,’” said one lawyer close to the White House who is familiar with some of the discussions between the firms and the administration, as well as deliberations within the firms themselves. We’ll know Thursday whether Kasowitz can keep his client under control. But when the circus comes to town, the man who sees himself as the ringmaster will be loathe to concede the center ring, especially to an employee he fired. Over/under on Trump tweets during Comey testimony: A dozen. I'm told by two WH sources that Pres. Trump does not plan to put down Twitter on Thursday. May live tweet if he feels the need to respond. — Robert Costa (@costareports) June 6, 2017 Tags: Donald Trump james comey Richard Burr Russia Senate Intelligence Committee testimony Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Related Stories Video: Obama warns against following certain unnamed populist opportunists in Montreal speech Allahpundit Jun 07, 2017 10:01 PM “I am convinced that the future does not belong to strongmen.” Melania Trump moving to the White House next week John Sexton Jun 07, 2017 9:21 PM “…expected to finally make their official move to Washington on June 14” Trending on Townhall Media Six Things You Can Expect From Today's Comey Hearing Redstate 'I know a rat when I see one': Rocker Courtney Love Cobain TORCHES 'fraud' Linda Sarsour Twitchy "World's Worst" Firearms Instructor Stripped Of Credentials Bearingarms Stop Lying To Us Townhall Recent Stories Change: DoJ no longer sharing lawsuit payouts with activist groups Ed Morrissey Jun 07, 2017 8:41 PM Shakedowns suspended? On your First Amendment rights to the President’s Twitter account Jazz Shaw Jun 07, 2017 8:01 PM Get a grip Congressional Democrats plan to sue Trump over violations of the emoluments clause John Sexton Jun 07, 2017 7:21 PM “…78 House Democrats and 25 Democratic senators had signed on in support of the lawsuit.” Here come the judges, again: Trump announces 11 new picks Ed Morrissey Jun 07, 2017 6:41 PM Three to the appellate courts. White House *still* won’t say Trump has confidence in Jeff Sessions? Allahpundit Jun 07, 2017 6:01 PM Twisting. Law Professor: I don’t see obstruction of justice in Comey’s testimony John Sexton Jun 07, 2017 5:21 PM “…we do not indict people for being boorish or clueless.” Yeah, that new Quinnipiac poll is bad for Trump, but… Allahpundit Jun 07, 2017 4:41 PM “If this were a prize fight, some in his corner might be thinking about throwing in the towel.” Muslim child brides have a particularly difficult time in America Jazz Shaw Jun 07, 2017 4:01 PM The legal system is failing them Trending Dawn breaks on Comeymas and the media seems glum Krauthammer: Trying to "seduce" Comey isn't crime Here come the judges, again: Trump announces 11 new picks Congressional Democrats plan to sue Trump over violations of the emoluments clause I helped prosecute Watergate. Comey’s statement is sufficient evidence for an obstruction of justice case. The “toxic masculinity” smear: Emasculation is not the cure for social ills « Hot Air Headlines Michigan state house passes concealed carry without permits bill Change: DoJ no longer sharing lawsuit payouts with activist groups Here’s why James Comey wouldn’t tell the world that Trump wasn’t under investigation « Hot Air Headl Iraqi Kurds: We're holding a referendum on independence Krauthammer: Trying to “seduce” Comey isn’t crime Ed Morrissey Jun 08, 2017 8:41 AM The definition of an impeachable offense is…. Dawn breaks on Comeymas and the media seems glum Jazz Shaw Jun 08, 2017 8:01 AM That grinding sound you hear is the goalposts moving Iraqi Kurds: We’re holding a referendum on independence Ed Morrissey Jun 07, 2017 10:41 PM Save the date. Home Archive Ed Morrissey Show Newsletters About Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright HotAir.com. All Rights Reserved.
Homeland Security News Wire Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water Big dataExtracting useful insights from a flood of data is hard to do Published 7 June 2017 Share | A mantra of these data-rife times is that within the vast and growing volumes of diverse data types, such as sensor feeds, economic indicators, and scientific and environmental measurements, are dots of significance that can tell important stories, if only those dots could be identified and connected in authentically meaningful ways. Getting good at that exercise of data synthesis and interpretation ought to open new, quicker routes to identifying threats, tracking disease outbreaks, and otherwise answering questions and solving problems that previously were intractable. A mantra of these data-rife times is that within the vast and growing volumes of diverse data types, such as sensor feeds, economic indicators, and scientific and environmental measurements, are dots of significance that can tell important stories, if only those dots could be identified and connected in authentically meaningful ways. Getting good at that exercise of data synthesis and interpretation ought to open new, quicker routes to identifying threats, tracking disease outbreaks, and otherwise answering questions and solving problems that previously were intractable. Now for a reality check. “Today’s hardware is ill-suited to handle such data challenges, and these challenges are only going to get harder as the amount of data continues to grow exponentially,” said Trung Tran, a program manager in DARPA’s Microsystems Technology Office (MTO). To take on that technology shortfall, MTO last summer unveiled its Hierarchical Identify Verify Exploit (HIVE) program, which has now signed on five performers to carry out HIVE’s mandate: to develop a powerful new data-handling and computing platform specialized for analyzing and interpreting huge amounts of data with unprecedented deftness. “It will be a privilege to work with this innovative team of performers to develop a new category of server processors specifically designed to handle the data workloads of today and tomorrow,” said Tran, who is overseeing HIVE. DARPA says that the quintet of performers includes a mix of large commercial electronics firms, a national laboratory, a university, and a veteran defense-industry company: Intel Corporation (Santa Clara, California), Qualcomm Intelligent Solutions (San Diego, California), Pacific Northwest National Laboratory (Richland, Washington), Georgia Tech (Atlanta, Georgia), and Northrop Grumman (Falls Church, Virginia). “The HIVE program is an exemplary prototype for how to engage the U.S. commercial industry, leverage their design expertise, and enhance U.S. competitiveness, while also enhancing national security,” said William Chappell, director of MTO. “By forming a team with members in both the commercial and defense sectors, we hope to forge new R&D pathways that can deliver unprecedented levels of hardware specialization. That can be a boost for commercial players but also can advance our military electronics supply to make sure the national defense infrastructure is empowered with the best capabilities in the world.” Central to HIVE is the creation of a “graph analytics processor,” which incorporates the power of graphical representations of relationships in a network more efficiently than traditional data formats and processing techniques. Examples of these relationships among data elements and categories include person-to-person interactions as well as seemingly disparate links between, say, geography and changes in doctor visit trends or social media and regional strife. In combination with emerging machine learning and other artificial intelligence techniques that can categorize raw data elements, and by updating the elements in the graph as new data becomes available, a powerful graph analytics processor could discern otherwise hidden causal relationships and stories among the data elements in the graph representations. If HIVE is successful, it could deliver a graph analytics processor that achieves a thousand-fold improvement in processing efficiency over today’s best processors, enabling the real-time identification of strategically important relationships as they unfold in the field rather than relying on after-the-fact analyses in data centers. “This should empower data scientists to make associations previously thought impractical due to the amount of processing required,” said Tran. These could include the ability to spot, for example, early signs of an Ebola outbreak, the first digital missives of a cyberattack, or even the plans to carry out such an attack before it happens. The words in the program’s name, Hierarchical Identify Verify Exploit, indicate a sequence that begins with the multi-layer graphical representations of data. This opens the way for graph analytic processing to identify relationships between data within and perhaps between the layers. A key next step is the applications of verification filters and tests that can distinguish between relationships that have causal connections from meaningless correlations among the data. “Taken together, these elements should allow us to exploit the enormous amount of data being generated today, to make better decisions about if, when, and how to act in furtherance of the public good and national security,” Tran said. Read more about the HIVE program in the Broad Agency Announcement: DARPA-BAA-16-52. Share | More Stories: Intelligence gathering / analysis Law Enforcement Technology Leave a comment Register for your own account so you may participate in comment discussion. Please read the Comment Guidelines before posting. By leaving a comment, you agree to abide by our Comment Guidelines, our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Use. Please stay on topic, be civil, and be brief. Names are displayed with all comments. Learn more about Joining our Web Community. Recent stories Russia successfully tests hypersonic missile which renders Western defenses obsolete West African nations seek $56 million for rapid-response anti-Islamist force How does IS claim responsibility for a terrorist attack? Lawyers convention leaves Texas over state's new immigration law New tool spots fake online profiles Detecting and preventing the use of chemical weapons New fabric coating could neutralize chemical weapons, save lives Helping explosive detection canine teams across the U.S. Russian government hackers planted false news story which caused Gulf crisis: U.S. intelligence 12 dead, 42 injured in two ISIS suicide attacks in Tehran Technologically crude attacks rely on communications to generate a wider resonance Fact Check: are only one in eight counter-terrorism referrals to Prevent made by Muslims? Macron creates counterterrorism task force Extracting useful insights from a flood of data is hard to do Northrop Grumman Foundation fosters a “passion for engineering” Annual Taurids meteor shower may be hiding asteroids capable of wiping out entire continents Russian government hackers hacked U.S. voting system manufacturer last August: NSA report Bolstering the credibility of attributing cyberattacks Brave Millwall fan saved many How can we better protect crowds from terrorism? Preventing 3D printing hacks 2016 hurricane season was a season of extremes Free Subscription BIOMETRICS Border/Immig. Business Cybersecurity Detection Disasters Government Infrastructure Public Safety Public health Regional Sci-Tech Surveillance Terrorism Transportation Water Home About us Subscribe Advertise Contact RSS Feed Homeland Security News Wire All Regional Africa Americas Asia / Pacific Europe Middle East Water Biometrics Access control E-documents Biometric databases Biometric technologies E-commerce Identity authentication Identity documents National IDs Borders/Immig Border crossings Deportation Border monitoring / protection E-Verify Border security technology Illegal immigration Fencing / barriers Immigration and business Smuggling and contraband U.S. legal employment status Travel documents US VISIT Ultralights, submersibles, tunnels Visa requirements Business Business Companies / JVs / Partnerships Contracts Investment trends M&A Market performance Distribution agreements Government contracts Private sector contracts Strategic partnerships System integrators Venture capital and private equity Cybersecurity Cloud computing Corporate IT security Cybercrime Encryption Firewalls Hackers Information warfare Network security Quantum encryption Social networks VPNs Detection Biological Radiological Chemical Detection - nuclear, biological, chemical Explosive Nuclear Radiological threats Scanning and screening Sensors and Sensor networks Disasters Backup / Storage systems Business continuity Communication interoperability Compliance Corporate security Crisis management Data recovery and management Emergency management systems Emergency Preparedness Natural disasters Risk analysis Resilience / Recovery Terror / Disaster insurance Government Africa code Budget Congress Espionage Government - federal, state, local Information sharing Intelligence International cooperation Laws and regulations Nuclear weapons proliferation Privacy State / Local Terrorism and counterterrorism Infrastructure Alternative energy Bridges, roads, tunnels, canals Chemical plants Construction Dams / Reservoirs Energy Energy policy Energy resources Infrastructure protection Nuclear power Perimeter defense and fencing Power grid and stations Smart grid Water facilities Water Technology / Treatment International African Security Conflict Culture / Religion Failed states Population / Migration Treaties Public health Agroterrorism BioLabs Bioterrorism Epidemics and pandemics Food import controls Food supply chain safety Health standards Infectious disease Viruses and pathogens Public health Vaccines and treatments Public Safety Communication interoperabillity Emergency services Emergency medical services Fire First response IEDs Law Enforcement Law Enforcement Technology Military technology Nonlethal weapons Nuclear weapons Personal protection equipment Police Notification /alert systems Situational awareness Weapons systems Sci-Tech Biotechnology Certification and credentialing Degree programs Computers / software Credentialing Education / training Engineering Environment Materials Nanotechnology National labs Research and Development Robotics Social sciences Technological innovation Sector Reports Biometrics Border & Immigration Control Cybersecurity Detection Emergency Management Infrastructure Protection Law Enforcement World Report Surveillance Asset tracking Eavesdropping FISA Intelligence gathering / analysis Open-source searches RFID technology Search engines Sensors and sensor networks Thermal imaging UAVs / Satellites / Blimps Video analytics Transportation Air cargo / baggage Aviation and Airport Baggage screening Cargo and Containers Ground / Mass transportation HAZMAT transportation Maritime and Ports Transportation Security   Advertising & Marketing: advertise@newswirepubs.com, 516.414.1114 Editorial: editor@newswirepubs.com, 516.741.2555 General: info@newswirepubs.com 2017 © News Wire Publications, LLC 220 Old Country Road | Suite 200 | Mineola | New York | 11501 Permissions and Policies
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Subscribe Site Site Archive log in weather Framingham civil rights activist running for mayor Tuesday Jun 6, 2017 at 7:52 PM Jun 6, 2017 at 7:52 PM Jim Haddadin Daily News Staff @JimHaddadin FRAMINGHAM — A local civil rights activist has joined the race to be Framingham’s first mayor, pledging to welcome immigrants to the community and restore Framingham’s reputation as a hub for high-tech companies. Dhruba Sen, a Town Meeting member from Precinct 10, took out nomination papers last month to run for office. Sen is one of more than a dozen people trying to secure a place on the ballot for the mayor’s race in Framingham’s upcoming city election. Sen also took out papers last month to run for an at-large seat on the new City Council. While he opposed the push to make Framingham a city, Sen said he hopes to continue his involvement in local government when the new city administration takes office in January. “Becoming a mayor, it gives me not only a privilege, but also I have lots of leverage in implementing the vision that I have,” he said. Sen, a software consultant, said his professional experience includes working for numerous public and private entities, including General Electric, IBM, Intel, Thomson Reuters, the U.S. Department of Defense, the City of Dallas and the state of New Jersey. When Sen moved to the community 30 years ago, Framingham was home to cutting edge computer companies, but the Rte. 128 belt has lost its reputation as the “Silicon Valley of the East,” Sen said. With expertise in big data, analytics, predictive modeling and cyber security, Sen said he hopes to use his background to help transform Framingham into one of the world’s top five “smart cities,” drawing high-tech companies and promoting innovation in transportation, public safety and other areas. A member of MetroWest Showing Up For Racial Justice, and lead organizer of Welcoming Framingham — a local chapter of the immigration advocacy group Welcoming America — Sen said he also plans to promote equality and protect the rights of immigrants if elected mayor. “I want to make sure that Framingham is a welcoming city,” he said. Former state Rep. John Stefanini, Town Meeting members Jim Rizoli and Yvonne Spicer, and residents Priscila Sousa, Joshua Horrigan, Scott Liftman, Tom Tierney, Roger Antos, Mark Tilden and Benjaman Neves-Grigg have also pulled papers to enter the mayor’s race. The candidates face a July 3 deadline to collect 500 signatures in order to appear on the ballot. The winner will serve a four-year term as Framingham’s first mayor. The Nov. 7 city election will also feature contests for City Council and School Committee. Voters must register by Sept. 6 to participate in the preliminary election, scheduled for Sept. 26. Jim Haddadin can be reached at 617-863-7144 or jhaddadin@wickedlocal.com. Follow him on Twitter: @JimHaddadin. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Communities Work for Us Milford Daily News Ads Find your Wicked Local town Ashland Framingham Shrewsbury Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Westborough More Communities Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston Wicked Local Site Services My Profile Subscribe E-Edition Submit Your News Find Us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise With Us Contact us See us on Instagram Find us on Tumblr Market Place Classifieds Find Framingham Jobs Real Estate © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. MetroWest Daily News, Framingham, MA ~ 33 New York Ave., Framingham, MA 01701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Police Scanner Local Education Business Region State news Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Pros & Colleges Sports Columnists N.E. Pro Sports Entertainment Calendar Arts Theater Travel Books Movies Music TV Guide Celebrity News Lifestyle Food Weddings/Engagements Health & Environment Home & Garden Boomers Pets Faith Family Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries Towns Ashland Framingham Holliston Hopkinton Hudson Marlborough Natick Northborough Southborough Sudbury Wayland Weston More Weather Contact us Calendar Submit Your News Blogs Blogness on the Edge of Town Photos Videos Readers Choice Branded Content Contests Subscriber My Profile E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Find-N-Save Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Digital Trends Home > Computing > Use NZXT’s system to make sure your gaming… Use NZXT’s system to make sure your gaming PC rocks your favorite games By Mark Coppock — Updated June 6, 2017 11:29 am Subscribe Share Get your Sagan on with these 42 awe-inspiring photos of the final frontier These are the 10 greatest Porsches ever made Get today's popular Digital Trends articles in your inbox: Why it matters to you You can now take the guesswork out of building your next custom gaming PC with NZXT BLD. Building a new gaming PC can be a real pain, something that is getting even more difficult as AMD ramps up its CPUs and GPUs with Ryzen and Vega to more strongly compete with Intel’s Core CPUs and Nvidia’s GPUs. Simply put, knowing exactly which combination of components will optimize the performance of your favorite game is a challenge. PC maker NZXT understands this, which is why it has put together a way to build a custom gaming rig. Called NZXT BLD, the system will let you choose the games you like the most and the price you want to pay and then build out a new PC for you. NZXT’s CAM PC cloud-based monitoring software is at the heart of BLD, which uses greater than 10 million hours of gaming performance data to select components that will provide the best performance for certain titles. NZXT promises that its recommendation engine will predict frames per second (FPS) to within 10 percent accuracy so that buyers can be assured of building a gaming PC that will provide the expected performance. In describing the new system, NZXT founder and CEO Johnny Hou said, “BLD features a brand new approach for those who want a DIY PC to play the PC games the way they without having to invest a lot of time. Because we’re PC gaming enthusiasts ourselves, we know what fellow gamers need out of their systems and our recommendation engine built upon millions of gaming sessions makes this easy. Simply tell us the games you want to play and we will do the rest.” The process is simple. Just select up to three games from among the most popular titles and specify a budget range. Then, BLD will provide benchmark data based on a recommended build, which you can then use to customize your PC build with NTXT case and RBG lighting options. The custom PC will be built and shipped within 48 business hours. If you’re not happy with the resulting performance of the new PC, specifically if it fails to perform within the promised FPS guarantee within 10 percent, then you will be able to return the machine for free. In addition, NZXT will back up the new PC with a solid two-year warranty.
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in | Register Most commented stories • AMD's Ryzen 5 CPUs reviewed, part two [153] • Apple takes the iMac Pro with Xeons and Radeon Vega graphics [74] • Apple throws an iPad Hail Mary with 10.5" and 12.9" Pro tablets [58] • AMD spills the beans on Radeon Pro chips inside the new Macs [40] Hot forum threads • Apple WWDC keynote • OS/2 is coming back. • Static and motherboards • PCIe 4.0 ALMOST Ready NZXT wants to BLD a PC for you by Wayne Manion  3:30 PM on June 6, 2017 The gerbils in TR's comments section always have the answer when it comes to the best selection of PC components, but not everyone wants to do a lot of digging around for information about graphics cards and CPUs when building a gaming system. NZXT's BLD program is intended to make it easier for newcomers to join in the PC gaming fun. NZXT says it has put together a PC game performance database based on "over 10 million counted and analyzed gaming hours," perhaps recorded using user installations of its CAM PC monitoring utility. Prosepective buyers can enter the names of up to three games they intend to play from NZXT's list of 18 popular titles, along with a choice between $1500, $2000, and $2500 budgets, and the tool will provide benchmark data for a PC that can be built with the specified budget. The user can customize the system somewhat and click the buy button. NZXT says a system will be custom-built and shipped out within 48 hours. A sample build at the $1500 price point includes an Intel i5-7500 CPU mounted to a Gigabyte B250 motherboard, an MSI GeForce GTX 1060 with 6 GB of onboard memory, 8 GB of 2666 GT/s G.Skill Ripjaws memory, a 275 GB Crucial MX300 SSD, and a 1 TB WD hard drive. Stepping up all the way to the $2500 tier nets a build with an Intel Core i7-7700K CPU atop an Asus Maximus IX Hero motherboard, an EVGA GeForce GTX 1080 FTW ACX 3.0 graphics card, 32 GB of G.Skill Trident Z RGB DDR4 memory, and a 525 GB Crucial MX300 SSD. NZXT support staff indicates that all builds include a Cryorig H7 CPU cooler, and that NZXT-built options will be included in the future. All of the available configurations at this point in the program use Intel CPus and Nvidia GeForces, though NZXT's support department did say AMD CPUs and graphics cards may be offered in the future. It should go without saying that all systems come in NZXT enclosures. The listed prices include a $350 line item for labor and shipping costs. Windows 10 Home comes pre-installed, and there's an upgrade option available for Windows 10 Pro. A monitor and peripherals are not included. NZXT backs up the BLD PCs with a two-year warranty. Tags: Systems Gaming Log in | Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Take the plunge into Deepcool's Computex case lineup 2 iPhone screen repair machines coming to Best Buy stores 3 Gigabyte overclockers crank the knobs on a Core i7 to 7.5 GHz 16 Flir One and One Pro cameras are ready to take the heat 6 Pro overclocker pumps G.Skill DDR4 to 5.5 GT/s 7 Mushkin Armor3D and Triactor3D SSDs hit the third dimension 12 GOG Summer Sale discounts over 1500 games new and old 16 NZXT wants to BLD a PC for you 11 Drive-In Movie Day Shortbread 23 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS PrincipalSkinner Forget instagram and it's filters. Finally there's a camera that makes all women look hot. +29 chuckula Normally I'd complain about the aesthetics, but after dropping the brown acid se... +16 Waco ...so the 3D MLC is almost cheaper than the 3D TLC per byte stored. Does not com... +14 Mr.Ed You know I'm famous, right? +13 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Computing Phones Cars Gaming Science Extreme Deep Dives Deals About ExtremeTech ET Forums Contact ExtremeTech Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ziff Davis Home Computing Apple’s Metal 2 API Adds External GPU, VR Support to macOS Apple’s Metal 2 API Adds External GPU, VR Support to macOS By Joel Hruska on June 6, 2017 at 4:57 pm Comment For most of Apple’s existence, gaming on the Mac has meant second-rate performance, particularly for the dollar. While there have been a handful of exceptions over the years — often only when major GPU refresh cycles happened to precisely coincide with Mac refresh cycles — the GPU performance available in a Mac has vastly lagged what you can buy in a PC. Apple may not be doing much to close the gap in absolute terms, since the GPU hardware in its brand-new iMac Pro will likely be quite expensive. But it is working to offer better GPU performance overall to its customers, and hopping on the VR bandwagon as well. Yesterday, at WWDC, the Cupertino company announced several new initiatives and products that should make VR on Macs far more plausible, as well as drive higher Mac gaming performance in general. The company’s new Metal 2 API, the successor to its Metal API, and is supposedly up to 10x faster than its predecessor, and will be included in its High Sierra macOS update. Metal 2 has also been credited with adding support for external graphics arrays, which appear to be based on AMD’s XConnect technology and run via Thunderbolt 3. This last is an odd turn of phrase, however, despite having been picked up by multiple websites. The entire point of Thunderbolt 3 is to extend the PCI Express bus in a way that’s essentially transparent to the operating system. To the OS, when you plug in a Thunderbolt device, you’re hooking it up via PCI Express (the exact version of PCIe depends on the version of Thunderbolt you’re using and the controller chip used to connect the ports to the rest of the system). AMD, Intel, and Razer did some custom work to create an external graphics platform that would be easier to standardize, and a set of UEFI extensions to make it work more reliably and with fewer hoops for end-users to jump through. But as far as Thunderbolt 3 is concerned, the idea that you need a new API to support it is incorrect. What users appear to be referring to here is the previous need to patch the OS kernel to allow an eGPU to function properly in a Mac system (as previously discussed at 9to5 Mac). That’s not technically linked to the Metal 2 API at all, and conflating the two just confuses people. The upcoming macOS High Sierra obviates the need for this kind of check. The new external enclosures will include an RX 580 card and will use a Sonnet external GPU chassis. The initial dev kits will also ship with a dedicated 350W power supply, Belkin USB-C to four-port USB A hub, a promotion code for $100 off on an HTC Vive, and a $599 list price. That’s a pretty hefty price hit for an external chassis, and it means that cost-effective gaming on a Mac is going to remain out of reach for now. But by stepping into the external graphics arena, Apple is at least giving gamers with Mac machines the option to game with something approaching higher-end desktop hardware. And the external chassis is much cheaper than the price of upgrading to a higher-end MacBook Pro with a much weaker (RX 460-derived) internal GPU. Meanwhile, Valve is talking up Steam VR support on Mac in a major way. In a recent blog post, the company wrote: As part of our efforts to make VR available to developers and players on as many systems as possible, SteamVR for the Mac is now available in beta. The beta comes in tandem with the macOS High Sierra developer seed and hardware news from Apple’s 2017 Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) that helps enable VR on the Mac. SteamVR on the Mac offers players the same 360-degree, room-scale tracking as the Windows and Linux variants. When Palmer Luckey, the now-ousted founder of Oculus, referred to Apple systems and said he’d build VR support for them if Apple built a decent computer for VR, nobody expected Cupertino to actually field plausible GPUs in the near-term future. Now that they’ve done so, and partnered with Vive to test-drive the platform, will we see Oculus support follow suit? Now read: The best VR headsets and accessories Tagged In apple intel amd thunderbolt razer wwdc metal thunderbolt 3 wwdc 2017 RX 580 external GPU eGPU XConnect Metal API Metal 2 Post a Comment Comment ExtremeTech Newsletter Subscribe Today to get the latest ExtremeTech news delivered right to your inbox. Subscribing to a newsletter indicates your consent to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. More Articles Gamers Claim to Want Backwards Compatibility. Why Don’t They Use It? Jun 8 How BioWare Went Wrong With Mass Effect Andromeda Jun 8 New Fossil Discovery Rewrites History of First Human Beings Jun 7 Cosmic Rays Could Be Even More Dangerous to Mars Explorers Than Thought Jun 7 Hands On With Augmented Reality From ODG and Meta Jun 7 Facebook Twitter About Contact Newsletters Advertise More from Ziff Davis: PCMag AskMen Computer Shopper Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net RSS Feeds Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Alibaba (BABA) pops on massive full-year revenue forecast >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech > WWDC 2017: Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New iMac Lineup Should Silence Critics New iMacs feature the latest Intel CPUs while the iMac Pro will be the most powerful Mac ever released By Brad Moon, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Jun 6, 2017, 1:05 pm EDT Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: The 10 Biggest Apple Inc. (AAPL) WWDC Announcements Ever WWDC 2017: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Unveils HomePod and a Ton of “Pros” Amazon Reportedly Back in the Smartphone Game With “Ice” Recent Posts: Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) Apple Music Hits 27 Million Paid Subscribers WWDC 2017: Apple Inc.’s (AAPL) New iMac Lineup Should Silence Critics Amazon Reportedly Back in the Smartphone Game With “Ice” View All Posts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been under pressure for letting its Mac computer lineup fall seriously behind the competition. When the company did finally update its MacBook Pro laptops, it faced complaints from creative professionals over decisions like ditching legacy ports for USB-C and adding the costly OLED Touch Bar. Source: Apple At WWDC, Tim Cook & Co. announced a new iMac lineup with updated CPUs, better displays and enhanced graphics capabilities. The company also kept its promise for an iMac Pro, unveiling the most powerful Mac ever released — stuffed inside a space gray iMac enclosure. New iMac Models Aimed at Consumers Apple didn’t change the look of the new iMac lineup, but its iconic all-in-one PC is thoroughly improved to take on modern tasks like virtual reality. Virtually every component has been upgraded, led by the move to 7th generation Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) “Kaby Lake” processors. Graphics and storage are faster, the display is brighter and the new iMac models support double the RAM. For power users, new 4K iMacs get discrete Radeon Pro video cards from Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD). The high-end 27-inch 5K model is equipped with a Radeon Pro 580 with 8GB of RAM — enough horsepower for VR content creation. All new iMacs also get a pair of new USB-C ports, but Apple is not repeating its MacBook Pro mistake — legacy ports including USB 3.0 remain, so dongles are not needed to use existing peripherals. Key Improvements for New iMac 7th generation “Kaby Lake” Intel Core CPUs Retina displays 40% brighter than previous generation, support for 1 billion colors Double the RAM support (up to 32GB on 21.5-inch models, 64GB on 27-inch) Fusion hybrid drive standard on all 27-inch models, optional SSD storage is twice as fast as previous generation Graphics performance 80% faster than previous generation Dual USB-C Thunderbolt ports, plus four USB 3.0 ports, SD card slot and Ethernet remain iMac starts at $1099, 4K iMac at $1299 and 27-inch 5K iMac at $1799 New iMac Pro Meant to Silence Critics The real star of the new iMac lineup is a beast of an all-in-one that won’t be available until December. In April, Apple executives met with the press in a rare session where they apologized for misreading the needs of their professional users. As part of that session, a new Mac Pro was promised for 2018, along with an all-new model called the iMac Pro for late 2017. Apple kept its promise, showing off the new iMac Pro at WWDC 2017. The iMac Pro is a 27-inch iMac, clad in dark space grey instead of the usual silver aluminum. It’s packed with desktop workstation-class components and a new cooling system to keep the heat down. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/wwdc-2017-apple-inc-s-aapl-new-imac-lineup-should-silence-critics/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Cheap Stocks to Buy Now 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage Should You Buy Tesla Stock? 3 Pros, 3 Cons 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold 10 Companies in Amazon’s Crosshairs A Crazy M&A Idea That Could Pay Dividends ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 7 Ways to Play the Crude Oil Carnage 10 Companies That Are in Amazon’s Crosshairs The 4 Best ETFs to Mine a Profit From Gold Sell Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Before Everyone Else Does Most Popular 8 No-Brainer Retirement Stocks to Buy 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 10 Stocks to Buy Before They Finally Join the Rally 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 7 Money-Losing Stocks to Buy for Big Turnaround Profits Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Heading to $15 Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
PC Gamer News Reviews Hardware Pro Best Of More Magazine Meet the team Newsletter Signup Community Guidelines Affiliate Links About PC Gamer Search Popular E3 2017 Battlegrounds Games of 2017 PC Gamer Club Far Cry 5 Hardware Guides HP renews commitment to gaming with refreshed Omen PCs By Paul Lilly A good Omen. Comments Shares HP has released some interesting Omen products over the years, though it always felt like the company could do more with the brand, which is a throwback to its Voodoo PC acquisition from over a decade ago. Perhaps things are changing, as HP just announced a refreshed lineup of Omen products, including an external graphics docking station (shown above). We hope this is the beginning of more to come. Let's start with the docking station, or "Omen by HP Accelerator," as HP calls it. The Accelerator will come pre-configured with either an AMD or Nvidia graphics card and a 2.5-inch 1TB hard drive or 256GB solid state drive, along with a 500W power supply. Alternately buyers will be able to purchase a near-empty box with just the PSU. The Accelerator connects over USB-C Thunderbolt 3 and offers single cable docking and charging. Overall connectivity includes four USB 3.0 ports and a single USB 3.1 port, plus a GbE LAN port. Look for this one to be available in August starting at $300. One the somewhat more unique Omen products is the Omen X. It's a small form factor desktop PC, though a bit different from the usual SFF systems we're used to seeing. This one comes with a docking station so that users can connect a range of accessories when needed, such as external peripherals and VR headsets. HP actually unveiled the Omen X last year as a concept product. Now it is the real deal and it brings with it an overclocked GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card paired with Core i7 processor options for 4K game play. The svelte desktop also boasts DTS Headphone:X support for simulated surround sound when using headphones. And for VR gamers, the Omen X can slip into a backpack accessory and keep the good times rolling with hot-swappable batteries, four of which are included with Omen X. HP says the Omen X will be available in July starting at $2,500. The optional backpack accessory will another $600 to the cost.  HP also announced a bigger desktop under its Omen brand, one that will allow for up to two GeForce GTX 1080 Ti graphics cards in SLI or dual Radeon RX 580 GPUs in Crossfire. On the CPU side, users will be able to select Core i5 and Core i7 processor options from Intel's Kaby Lake lineup, or Ryzen CPUs if going with an AMD setup. To keep storage from being a bottleneck, the Omen desktop will come with PCIe SSD options. Users will also be able to select SATA-based SSDs. Either way, they can be paired with a traditional HDD for bulk storage chores. HP is shying away from overclocking with its pre-built desktop. Just the opposite, these systems will ship with HP's Omen Command Center utility to overclock the CPU. Omen desktops are available today starting at $900. HP also announced new Omen laptop models available with 15.6-inch and 17.3-inch displays. These will be available with a wide range of options, including up to an AMD Radeon RX 550 GPU or Nvidia GeForce GTX 106i0 with Max Q design on the 15.6-inch model, and up to a Radeon RX 580 or GeForce GTX 1070 on the 17.3-inch laptop. Both will be configurable with Intel's latest generation Core i7 processor options, a dragon-red backlit display with red accented WASD keys, and upgradeable storage (HDD and SSD) and RAM. These VR-ready laptops will be available with different panel options, including a 4K display, 1080p display with a 120Hz refresh rate and G-Sync support, or a 1080p panel with a 60Hz refresh rate and FreeSync support. The Omen 15 and Omen 17 will be available to purchase on June 28 starting at $1,000 and $1,100, respectively. Finally, HP announced two Omen display, a 25-inch model and a 27-inch model. The Omen 25 sports a 1080p panel with FreeSync support. It also has a 144Hz refresh rate and allows overclocking. The larger 27-inch model bumps the resolution up to 2560x1440 with a 165Hz refresh rate, and like the 25-inch model, it can be overclocked. It also features G-Sync support. Both monitors appear to be using TN panels—HP indicates a TN panel outright for the 27-inch model but doesn't mention the panel type for the 25-inch version. However, the price leads us to believe that it's using a TN panel as well. HP will sell the Omen 27 first on June 8 for $800, followed the Omen 25 on June 26 for $280. See comments We recommendBy Zergnet Topics News Hardware HP Omen Load Comments Recommended PC games to look out for in June, July, and August Valve reveals Steam Direct fee, upcoming changes to the store Hardware Buying Guides Latest Game Reviews 1 The best DDR4 RAM 2 The best gaming motherboards 3 The best PC gaming processor 4 The best SSD for gaming 5 The best ATX mid-tower PC cases 1 The Elder Scrolls Online: Morrowind review 2 Dirt 4 review 3 Tekken 7 review 4 Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator review 5 Friday the 13th review PC Gamer Newsletter Subscribe to get the best content of the week, and great gaming deals, as picked by the editors. No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. PC Gamer is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. About Us Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future US, Inc. One Lombard Street, Suite 200, San Francisco California 94111.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Graham: 'Half of what Trump does is not OK' but it's not a crime Ballot Box — 0s ago 'Morning Joe' co-host: Trump may be 'mentally ill' Media — 0s ago Kamala Harris blasts Trump over loyalty oath Senate — 7s ago ABC News report on Comey-Trump investigation still uncorrected Media — 1m 40s ago Liberal group MoveOn calls for Trump to be impeached Blog Briefing Room — 5m 50s ago Maine senator: Intel chiefs’ evasiveness on Trump means 'there was something to discuss’ Senate — 13m 9s ago The sexist way we pile on Hillary Clinton and stifle women in democracy Contributors — 17m 58s ago Intelligence Committee Dem to call Comey firing ‘utterly shocking’ Blog Briefing Room — 31m 17s ago view all   Comey's Thursday hearing will be only public testimony By Katie Williams - 06/06/17 05:09 PM EDT 13   © Getty Fired FBI Director James Comey's hotly-anticipated testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday will be his only public testimony, according to Chairman Richard BurrRichard BurrThe key players to watch at Comey’s hearing today Overnight Cybersecurity: Comey account rocks DC | Anticipation mounts for hearing | Intel chiefs dodge Trump questions | Trump names FBI pick Intel officials say they didn’t feel WH pressure MORE (R-N.C.). "I don't know what he's going to talk about. I know he accepted our invitation and he expressed that this would be the only public hearing he would hold," Burr told reporters on Tuesday.  Comey has already turned down an invitation to testify publicly before the Senate Judiciary Committee, frustrating the leaders of that panel.  Chairman Charles GrassleyChuck GrassleyOvernight Cybersecurity: Comey account rocks DC | Anticipation mounts for hearing | Intel chiefs dodge Trump questions | Trump names FBI pick GOP senator threatens to subpoena Comey Puerto Rico is running out of stopgap financial measures MORE (R-Iowa) has hinted that the committee "could" subpoena the former director.  Together with ranking member Dianne FeinsteinDianne FeinsteinComey's Thursday hearing will be only public testimony National Computer Forensics Institute: Providing law enforcement with top training, resources CNN launches new digital series on 'badass women of Washington' MORE (D-Calif.), he warned that his committee won’t be sidelined and the two sent a flurry of statements following Comey's refusal, noting their committee has jurisdiction over the FBI. Senate Minority Leader Charles SchumerCharles SchumerOvernight Energy: Trump seeks Dems' help on infrastructure It's time for Comey to put up or shut up Reps clash in Indiana Republican primary MORE (D-N.Y.), alongside Sen. Patrick LeahyPatrick LeahyComey's Thursday hearing will be only public testimony Senators tell DeVos she has a tough job defending Education budget Dem lawmakers press Kushner Companies on use of visa program MORE (D-Vt.) reiterated Tuesday that they wanted to see Comey appear before that committee as well.  Jordain Carney contributed.    Tags Dianne Feinstein Charles Grassley Charles Schumer Patrick Leahy Richard Burr   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 CNN issues correction after Comey... CNN has corrected a Tuesday report after the release of former FBI... 2,065 Shares 2 Live coverage: Comey testifies... Keep up with The Hill for live coverage of James Comey's testimony. 1,064 Shares 3 What to watch for in Comey’s... Former FBI Director James Comey will make his first public appearance... 828 Shares 4 Pence cancels interview with PBS Pence was running late during a trip to Houston on Wednesday, his office... 450 Shares 5 The key players to watch at Comey’... The eyes of the nation will be on the Senate Intelligence Committee... 426 Shares 6 Outside groups rally to back up... The reinforcements have arrived. As President Trump stares down one of the... 416 Shares 7 Comey’s dramatic account on Trump... President Trump repeatedly sought to influence the FBI’s investigation... 394 Shares 8 US attorney fired by Trump has... A former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump earlier this year... 353 Shares 9 Exclusive: GOP lawmaker talked... Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) has boasted about how much money he’s made for... 328 Shares 10 DC bar to offer free drinks for... A Washington bar is offering a round of drinks every time President Trump... 274 Shares 11 49 questions for James Comey Senators in both parties have been salivating at the chance to ask James... 262 Shares 12 The UK election: What you need to... Voters in Britain will go to the polls on Thursday following three deadly... 234 Shares 13 Puerto Rico goes to the polls for... Looking for the Spanish version? Click here.Puerto Rico’s government is... 229 Shares 14 Trump’s FBI pick a ‘warning shot’... President Trump's choice to nominate an FBI director with ties to New... 200 Shares 15 Former FBI agent: 'I literally... A former FBI agent said he felt "completely disgusted" after reading the... 182 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Kick Off Summer with Adorama for 7th Annual Sunday Family Funday Street Fair in Manhattan on June 11th Kick Off Summer with Adorama for 7th Annual Sunday Family Funday Street Fair in Manhattan on June 11th Posted on June 6, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Free charity event for all to help fight cystic fibrosis; enter to win a Samsung 55” Class 4K SUHD Smart LED TV; join select New York Giants players for a day of amazing deals on today’s top electronics, photography education and carnival games galore. New York, NY (PRWEB) June 06, 2017 Adorama, one of the world’s largest photography, video, audio, imaging and electronics retailers, is continuing its annual tradition of taking over 18th Street (between 5th and 6th Avenues) for the 7th annual Adorama Sunday Family Funday Street Fair on June 11th from 10 AM to 4 PM. Free for all to attend, the Street Fair is the perfect summer kickoff for families, sports fans and tech gurus alike. Join Adorama for carnival games, meet and greets with superstar football players like New York Giants’ Super Bowl Champions Rodney Hampton, OJ Anderson, Shaun O’Hara, and David Diehl as well as complimentary drone and aerial photography workshops and more. Attendees 18 and up will even have the chance to win a Samsung 55” Class 4K SUHD Smart LED TV simply by registering online. Don’t miss a packed day of fun in Manhattan! Check out the footage from last year’s fun-filled fair! Exclusive Meet and Greet Opportunity with Super Bowl Champs What better way to commemorate the day than a photo opportunity with not one, but four New York Giants Super Bowl champions. Join the following players on June 11th for a day of exciting workshops, entertainment and more! David Diehl, NY Giants (2003-2013), 2X Super Bowl Champion (XLII & XLVI); 12:00 PM – 2:00 PM OJ Anderson, NY Giants (1986-1992), 2X Super Bowl Champion (XXI & XXV); 12:00 PM – 1:30 PM Shaun O’Hara, NY Giants (2004-2010), 2007 World Champion; 12:00 PM – 2:00 PM Rodney Hampton, NY Giants (1990-1997), member of the 1991 Super Bowl XXV Champions; 12:30 PM – 2:00 PM Shop Top Industry Vendors for the Latest Photo, Video, Audio and Electronics Gear Visit vendor tables up and down the block to sample the latest offerings in photo, video, audio, electronics and more at the Adorama Street Fair. Keep eyes and ears open – attendees will also be privy to news on Adorama deals and discounts on products available that day at the Adorama superstore, located within the fair block at 42 W. 18th Street. Street fair vendors will include AdoramaPix, Adorama Trade, Apple, Asus, Bose, Canon, Dell, Ezviz, Epson, Fender, Fuji, Intel, LG, Monster, Mackie, Nikon, Olympus, Panasonic, Porsche Design, PreSonus, Pelican, Polk, Roland, Ricoh, Rode, Samson, Samsung, Shure, SanDisk, Sennheiser, Steiner, Sony, Tamron, Tascam, Tech Data, Tiffen, Vitec, Wacom and WD. Enter to Win a Samsung 55” Class 4K SUHD Smart LED TV Street Fair attendees aged 18 and older are invited to enter Adorama’s Samsung 55” Smart LED TV raffle giveaway. The Samsung 55” Smart LED TV features revolutionary Quantum Dot nano-crystal technology, sharp high dynamic range, 4K ultra high definition and smart features for the optimal viewing experience. For more contest details, please visit the Sunday Family Funday raffle giveaway page. Learn How to Fly Drones, Aerial Photography Tips with Dirk Dallas Join designer, educator and photographer, Dirk Dallas as he walks attendees through the ins and outs of flying drones and the nuances of aerial photography. Dirk has been flying various electric helicopters and RC airplanes for over 10 years. After getting his first drone, he became obsessed with aerial photography and video and started http://www.fromwhereidrone.com to provide a helpful resource for those interested in getting started with aerial photography / cinematography. His site is also a space to find amazing drone imagery, learn from the leaders in the drone world and learn all about drones, from buying guides to FAA regulations and more! Watch “From Where I Drone” with Dirk Dallas on AdoramaTV. Drone and Aerial Education Show Times: 11:00 AM – 12:00 PM 12:00 PM – 1:00 PM 1:00 PM – 2:00 PM Help in the Fight Against Cystic Fibrosis with Boomer Esiason Looking to give back to the NYC community? The Adorama Sunday Family Funday Street Fair continues supporting the Boomer Esiason Foundation for Cystic Fibrosis. Stop by the Adorama booth located in front of the Adorama store any time between 10 AM and 4 PM to make a donation to the Boomer Esiason Foundation. ADORAMA: More Than a Camera Store Adorama is more than a camera store – it’s one of the world’s largest photography, video, audio and computer retailers. Serving customers for more than 40 years, Adorama has grown from its flagship NYC store to include the leading online destination for imaging and consumer electronics. Adorama’s vast product offerings encompass home entertainment, mobile computing, and professional video and audio, while its services include an in-house photo lab, AdoramaPix; resources and gear for photographers, filmmakers, production studios, broadcasting and post houses, and recording artists through Adorama Pro; pro equipment rental at Adorama Rental Company; and the award-winning Adorama Learning Center, which offers free creative education in online channels such as the popular Adorama TV. Adorama is listed as one of the top five electronics retailers by Consumer Reports, “Best of the Web” by Forbes.com, Internet Retailers Top 100, and is the official Electronics Retailer of the NY Giants. Visit ADORAMA at http://www.adorama.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/06/prweb14400829.htm Latest News Anik Singal Launches Second Edition Of The Circle Of Profit SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against United States Steel Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses Over $100,000 to Contact the Firm NACHA’s Government Relations Advisory Group Hosts Fourth Annual Capitol Hill Day to Highlight ACH Network Advancements and Industry Initiatives Kick Off Summer with Adorama for 7th Annual Sunday Family Funday Street Fair in Manhattan on June 11th VPT Expands its VXR High-Reliability Line with Dual Output DC-DC Converters Strawberry Festival Begins Construction on New Grandstand from GT Grandstands Medical Care Journal Study Finds Convenient Access to Professional Interpreters Decreases Readmission Rates and Estimated Hospital Expenditures for LEP Patients IDS Named to CRN’s 2017 Solution Provider 500 List IMPORTANT EQUITY ALERT: Khang &amp; Khang LLP Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Barrick Gold Corporation and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Smart Tanzania and Kirusa Partner to Launch the Exceptional InstaVoice® Messaging Service In Tanzania © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Woot! Deals & Shenanigans Community Sign in Sign in New to Woot? - Sign up Your Account Stuff You Bought Customer Service Feedback Home & Kitchen Electronics Computers Tools & Garden Sports & Outdoors Fashion Kids & Toys Shirt Wine Sellout Flash Deals Woot → Today's Woot Hey, you can only buy 3 of these. Leave some for the rest of us! Update the quantity in your cart. OMEN by HP 15-AX033DX 15.6" Gaming Laptop, 15.6" Full-HD IPS Display, Intel Core i7-6700HQ Quad-Core 2.6GHz, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M 4GB, 128GB SSD + 1TB HDD, 8GB DDR4, 802.11ac, Bluetooth, Win10H Condition Factory Reconditioned Screen Size 15.6" Quantity 1 2 3 Limit 3 per customer Hurry only 1 left! add to cart You missed it! But Today's Woot is waiting! Discuss this Deal No quality posts yet? WHAT? Somebody help fix that by saying something cool. join the discussion15 Oh, no! That thing we had here sold out ! So out of our desperate attempt to be rich love for giving you options, we've added a bonus sale for today. Consider it a gift to us from your wallet to all of you who were hoping for something like this. This is your chance to help us look good to our bosses get a little something for yourself, okay? Thank you You're welcome. Back to top Advertisement Features Specs Sales Stats Top Comments Features Protect Your Stuff 1-year protection plan: $99.99 Buy Now Wake up. Battle. Die. Repeat. This is a new world of gaming, where the competition is relentless but greatness is up for grabs. Equipped with powerful hardware and a venomous design, the OMEN Laptop is ready for the battlefield, anytime, anywhere. Go on, stake your claim. This is a new world of gaming and greatness is up for grabs. Equipped with powerful hardware and a venomous design, the OMEN Laptop is ready for the battlefield, anytime, anywhere. Gear up for glory Quad-core Intel Core i7 processor and NVIDIA GTX graphics. This powerful arsenal is ready for you to take on any challenge, including the most demanding AAA titles. Immersed in the competition Sense every pulse-pounding moment for a totally engrossing experience. With Audio by Bang & Olufsen and IPS on select models, you can take your game to the next level. Designed for domination Easily go from crushing enemies at home to commanding the battlefield on the go with an aggressively slimmer design and Dragon Red backlit keyboard. Windows 10 Windows 10 is here. Do great things confidently with the familiar feel of Windows–only better. 6th generation Intel processors Faster, quieter, and with more features, the 6th generation of Intel Core processors enhances your computing experience like never before. 128 GB Solid-State Drive Meet the lightning-fast drive that can keep up with your every demand. Load your apps fast with quick and efficient Solid-State Drives. Key Features: Powered by the Intel Core i7-6700HQ 2.6GHz Quad-Core processor for responsive multitasking performance and energy efficiency in whatever you choose to do 15.6" Full-HD LED-backlit IPS display with 1920 x 1080 resolution showcases movies and games in stunning clarity 8GB DDR4 memory - For multitasking power 128GB solid state drive for an amazingly smooth and fast computing experience 1TB SATA hard drive has plenty of space to store your digital albums, music library and rich media files USB 3.0 for quicker device charging and up to 10x faster transfers than USB 2.0 Enhanced viewing with the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M graphics with 4GB GDDR5 dedicated video memory Connect to a broadband modem or router with wired Ethernet, or wirelessly connect to a Wi-Fi signal or hotspot with the built-in 802.11ac wireless connection Easily link with other Bluetooth-enabled devices, such as a mobile phone or MP3s players Windows 10 is so familiar and easy to use, you’ll feel like an expert. It starts up and resumes fast, has more built-in security to help keep you safe, and comes with great built-in apps like Maps, Photos, Mail & Calendar, Music, and Video Shipping Note: Shipping to Alaska and Hawaii is not available for this item A physical address is required for delivery. No Military or PO Box shipments available Warranty: 90 Day HP Sales Stats Snapshot Quantity Breakdown 28% bought 1 2% bought 2 69% bought 3 Speed to First Woot: 19m 15.116s First Sucker: IndentHere See full sales stats Specs Specifications: Processor: Intel i7-6700HQ 2.6GHz (Turbo up to 3.5GHz) 6MB Cache Processor Core: Quad-Core Screen Size: 15.6" Aspect Ratio: 16:9 Resolution: 1920 x 1080 Display Type: Full-HD UWVA LED-backlit IPS Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M 4GB GDDR5 Memory: 8GB DDR4-2133 (Up to 16GB) Hard Drive: 128GB Solid State Drive 1TB SATA 7200RPM Optical Drive: No Network: 10/100/1000 Gigabit Ethernet Wireless: 2x2 802.11ac Bluetooth: Yes Card Reader: Multi-Format Digital Media Card Reader Sound: Bang & Olufsen with dual speakers Webcam: HP Wide Vision HD camera Microphone: Dual array Digital Microphones Keyboard: Full-Size Island-Style Backlit Keyboard with Numeric Keypad Pointing Device: HP Imagepad with Gesture Support I/O Ports: HDMI: 1 RJ-45: 1 USB 3.0: 2 USB 2.0: 1 Combo Headphone/Mic Jack: 1 Operating System: Genuine Windows 10 Home (64-bit) Power: 120W Smart AC Adapter 3-cell 61WHr Lithium-Ion Prismatic battery Dimensions: 15.06" (W) x 9.94" (D) x 0.96" (H) Weight: 4.85 lbs   In the box: OMEN by HP 15-AX033DX 15.6" Gaming Laptop, 15.6" Full-HD IPS Display, Intel Core i7-6700HQ Quad-Core 2.6GHz, NVIDIA GeForce GTX 960M 4GB, 128GB SSD + 1TB HDD, 8GB DDR4, 802.11ac, Bluetooth, Win10H AC Adapter Sales Stats Speed to First Woot: 19m 15.116s First Sucker: IndentHere Last Wooter to Woot: suyi870 Purchaser Experience 4% first woot 3% second woot 31% < 10 woots 31% < 25 woots 31% ≥ 25 woots Purchaser Seniority 2% joined today 0% one week old 2% one month old 31% one year old 65% > one year old Quantity Breakdown 28% bought 1 2% bought 2 69% bought 3 Percentage of Sales Per Hour 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 0% 3% 3% 17% 1% 2% 5% 4% 3% 3% 3% 57% 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 Woots by State zero wooters wootinglots of wooters wooting Top Comments What are Top Comments? Top Comments are discussion forum posts we have deemed worthy of your time. Listen, we get a lot of comments, and most of the time, it's pretty forgettable stuff; but sometimes you rise to the top like butterfat in milk. We don't recommend you base your self-worth on how often we feature your comments, but we don't expressly forbid it either. join the discussion (15 comments) wootbot Got something of value to say? You'd be the first. Somebody, anybody, give us a quality post. We're dying here. join the discussion (15 comments) Advertisement HP OMEN 15.6" Full-HD Intel i7 Gaming Laptop http://www.woot.com/offers/hp-omen-15-6-full-hd-intel-i7-gaming-laptop-26 $649.99 Sold Out Electronics > Computers $649.99 USD false 1 Retail EA 1 3 Woot! Woot http://www.woot.com 4121 International Pkwy Carollton TX 75007 U.S.A. Woot Home.Woot Electronics.Woot Computers.Woot Tools.Woot Sport.Woot Accessories.Woot Kids.Woot Shirt.Woot Wine.Woot Sellout.Woot Woot Today's Woot Blog Community What is Woot? Customer Service Feedback Community Woots World of Woot Everything But Woot Blog Woot News Laffs Miscellanea What Is Woot? Woot FAQ Woot Affiliates Careers at Woot Product Recall Notices Woot's Return Policy Terms and Conditions Product Warranty Privacy Policy Vendor Resources Write Us Ways To Woot Facebook/woot @Woot on Twitter Woot Sale RSS Woot Blog RSS Or Make Your Own! Mumbo Jumbo Woot.com is operated by Woot Services LLC. Products on Woot.com are sold by Woot, Inc., other than items on Wine.Woot which are sold by the seller specified on the product detail page. Product narratives are for entertainment purposes and frequently employ literary point of view; the narratives do not express Woot's editorial opinion. Aside from literary abuse, your use of this site also subjects you to Woot's terms of use and privacy policy. Woot may designate a user comment as a Quality Post, but that doesn't mean we agree with or guarantee anything said or linked to in that post. Woot logos, site design, & content © Woot, Inc. 2004-2017. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 249% 71% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 116% 58% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 55% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 6/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Intel vs. NVIDIA These two companies are in a heated battle for domination in the areas of artificial intelligence and autonomous driving, but which is a top stock for investors now? Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Jun 6, 2017 at 1:44PM This matchup is one that will play out over the coming years as the artificial intelligence (AI) market continues to develop. NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) has seen massive revenue growth in its datacenter segment on the strength of its graphics processors (GPUs) used in AI applications and has invested extensively in autonomous driving technology. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) had been on a buying spree of smaller AI companies, but earlier this year shocked investors with its $15.3 billion acquisition of Israeli computer vision and machine-learning company Mobileye N.V. (NYSE:MBLY). Both companies are industry leaders in the semiconductor market -- Intel for its CPUs, and NVIDIA for its GPUs used in gaming and AI. Both are titans in the space, but which company is a better buy right now? Let's look at a variety of metrics to see what they reveal. NVIDIA and Intel battle for supremacy in AI and autonomous driving. Image source: Getty Images. Financial fortitude Intel's seemingly heavy debt load may seem surprising at first, but the company is heavily leveraged because of its ownership of its chip manufacturing facility. The company produced a significant amount of free cash flow over the trailing 12 months, certainly enough to handle any near-term needs. Both companies carry sufficient cash given their specific situations, and Intel has a large amount of debt, which is appropriate given its fabrication facility. Neither company seems to have a clear advantage. Company Cash Debt Net Income (TTM) Free Cash Flow (TTM) Intel  $4.93 billion  $25.28 billion  $11.23 billion  $11.30 billion NVIDIA  $1.99 billion  $2.78 billion  $1.96 billion  $1.46 billion Data by YCharts. Chart by author. TTM = Trailing 12 months. Winner = Tie Recent results and growth prospects In its most recent quarter, Intel grew revenue to $14.8 billion, up 8% year over year. The company has been focusing on its higher-growth segments to drive future gains, and its data center and Internet of Things segments grew 6% and 11% year over year, respectively. Intel has been buying up companies in the AI and autonomous driving sectors over the last year in hopes of capitalizing on the emerging technology to supplement slowing growth in its chip markets.  During its recent financial release, NVIDIA reported revenue of $1.9 billion, which grew 48% over the prior-year period, led by 49% year-over-year growth in its gaming segment and a whopping 186% growth in data center revenue over the prior-year period. The company has been aggressively pursuing partnerships in the AI and autonomous vehicles spaces for some time, as NVIDIA GPUs were the early choice for the data-intensive function of training deep-learning AI systems, and the company has leveraged that early lead. While Intel is making moves to accelerate its growth, NVIDIA's previous investments are already bearing fruit, propelling the company's current results and setting the foundation for future growth. Winner = NVIDIA Stock performance and valuation Over the last year, Intel has failed to keep pace with the broader S&P 500, up just over 14% to the market's near-16% gain. During the same period, NVIDIA's stock is up an astonishing 200%! Given that performance, you'd expect the company to be assigned a higher valuation. From a price-to-earnings perspective, NVIDIA trades at a nosebleed 48 times trailing earnings. Intel has a less expensive multiple of 16. NVIDIA's higher multiple indicates that investors are expecting the company to continue its meteoric growth. Even looking forward doesn't change that view. NVIDIA carries a forward earnings multiple of 41 compared to Intel's forward valuation of 13. PE Ratio data by YCharts. While NVIDIA's stock has generated far better returns, Intel's is significantly less expensive when it comes to valuation. Winner = Tie Dividends and share buybacks Over the course of the last year, both companies have been buying back shares, and both have paid a dividend. Intel's diluted shares outstanding is essentially flat over the last year, while NVIDIA's is up slightly. This indicates that share repurchases are barely offsetting share based compensation for both companies, so no advantage there. Intel currently has a higher dividend yield of just under 3% compared to NVIDIA's paltry yield of 0.4%. This is likely a function of the tripling of NVIDIA's share price over the last year. In terms of payout ratio, Intel is currently spending nearly 44% of its earnings to fund its dividend, much higher than NVIDIA's 14%. Any payout between 35% and 55% is considered healthy. This indicates that NVIDIA has much more room to increase its dividend in future. Dividend Yield (TTM) data by YCharts. Neither company is currently decreasing its share count. Intel has a higher current dividend, though NVIDIA has greater flexibility for future payouts. Winner = Intel Final tally The final tally reveals a tie. The reality is these are two solid businesses that offer investors very different things.  For those looking for higher growth with slightly higher risk, it's NVIDIA, while folks looking for more stability and a higher dividend might decide Intel looks better. Danny Vena has the following options: long January 2018 $25 calls on Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info Jun 6, 2017 at 1:44PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.28 up $0.02 (0.06%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $153.23 up $4.11 (2.76%) Mobileye NYSE:MBLY $61.82 no change (0.00%) Read More The 3 Best PC Stocks to Buy in 2017 Can NVIDIA Win Esports With This Budget GPU? The 2 Best Dividend Stocks in Drones 5 Reasons You Should Own at Least 1 Artificial Intelligence Stock NVIDIA's Self-Driving Car Technology Wins Over Toyota Motor Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: Intel vs. NVIDIA @themotleyfool #stocks $INTC, $NVDA, $MBLY
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump ObamaCare Russia SPONSORED: Puerto Rico's Future Just In... Graham: 'Half of what Trump does is not OK' but it's not a crime Ballot Box — 0s ago 'Morning Joe' co-host: Trump may be 'mentally ill' Media — 0s ago Kamala Harris blasts Trump over loyalty oath Senate — 16s ago ABC News report on Comey-Trump investigation still uncorrected Media — 1m 49s ago Liberal group MoveOn calls for Trump to be impeached Blog Briefing Room — 5m 59s ago Maine senator: Intel chiefs’ evasiveness on Trump means 'there was something to discuss’ Senate — 13m 18s ago The sexist way we pile on Hillary Clinton and stifle women in democracy Contributors — 18m 7s ago Intelligence Committee Dem to call Comey firing ‘utterly shocking’ Blog Briefing Room — 31m 26s ago view all   Top Intel Dem: Russian attacks on election systems 'broader' than reported By John Bowden - 06/06/17 01:52 PM EDT 4,056   © Victoria Sarno Jordan The top Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said Tuesday that Russian election interference expanded beyond what was detailed in an explosive leaked intelligence report this week. "[T]he extent of the attacks is much broader than has been reported so far," Sen. Mark WarnerMark WarnerIntelligence Committee Dem to call Comey firing ‘utterly shocking’ The key players to watch at Comey’s hearing today 49 questions for James Comey MORE (D-Va.) told USA Today. "None of these actions from the Russians stopped on Election Day." The website The Intercept reported Monday that Russian intelligence conducted a cyberattack on at least one manufacturer of U.S. voting software and sent phishing emails to more than 100 local election officials just days before the November election. Warner stressed Tuesday that he does not believe that Russian intelligence agents were able to affect the vote totals. ADVERTISEMENT "I don't believe they got into changing actual voting outcomes," Warner said, adding he was urging intelligence agencies to declassify which states were targeted in an effort to put their electoral systems on notice before the 2018 midterm elections. Warner also spoke out about the leaking of classified documents like the one obtained by The Intercept.  "Whoever's the leaker should be pursued to the full extent of the law," Warner said. On Monday, the Justice Department charged Reality Leigh Winner, a 25-year-old government contractor, with sharing top-secret material with a media outlet. Prosecutors said Winner “printed and improperly removed classified intelligence reporting, which contained classified national defense information." The Justice Department announced the case against Winner about an hour after The Intercept published the apparent National Security Agency intelligence report. The FBI searched Winner’s home, where she admitted to intentionally removing the top secret materials and mailing them to the news outlet, according to a Justice Department press release.   Tags Mark Warner   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 CNN issues correction after Comey... CNN has corrected a Tuesday report after the release of former FBI... 2,065 Shares 2 Live coverage: Comey testifies... Keep up with The Hill for live coverage of James Comey's testimony. 1,064 Shares 3 What to watch for in Comey’s... Former FBI Director James Comey will make his first public appearance... 828 Shares 4 Pence cancels interview with PBS Pence was running late during a trip to Houston on Wednesday, his office... 450 Shares 5 The key players to watch at Comey’... The eyes of the nation will be on the Senate Intelligence Committee... 426 Shares 6 Outside groups rally to back up... The reinforcements have arrived. As President Trump stares down one of the... 416 Shares 7 Comey’s dramatic account on Trump... President Trump repeatedly sought to influence the FBI’s investigation... 394 Shares 8 US attorney fired by Trump has... A former U.S. attorney who was fired by President Trump earlier this year... 353 Shares 9 Exclusive: GOP lawmaker talked... Rep. Chris Collins (R-N.Y.) has boasted about how much money he’s made for... 328 Shares 10 DC bar to offer free drinks for... A Washington bar is offering a round of drinks every time President Trump... 274 Shares 11 49 questions for James Comey Senators in both parties have been salivating at the chance to ask James... 262 Shares 12 The UK election: What you need to... Voters in Britain will go to the polls on Thursday following three deadly... 234 Shares 13 Puerto Rico goes to the polls for... Looking for the Spanish version? Click here.Puerto Rico’s government is... 229 Shares 14 Trump’s FBI pick a ‘warning shot’... President Trump's choice to nominate an FBI director with ties to New... 200 Shares 15 Former FBI agent: 'I literally... A former FBI agent said he felt "completely disgusted" after reading the... 182 Shares Load more More From The Web Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Channel / Intel SkyLake X and Kaby Lake X: Luke and Leo discuss Intel SkyLake X and Kaby Lake X: Luke and Leo discuss Carl Muller 2 days ago Channel, Computex, Featured Announcement On the final day of Computex 2017 Luke Hill and Leo waldock put their heads together to discuss the highlights and low points of Computex 2017. Watch the discussion via our VIMEO Channel (below) or over on YouTube HERE The biggest talking point of the week was Intel X299 and Core X-Series which introduces the Core i9 name using Skylake-X technology with up to 18 cores and 36 threads. Balanced against that we have the quad core Kaby Lake-X models which also uses the same X299 platform. How, exactly can motherboard manufacturers deliver hardware that will satisfy every point along that massive spectrum? KitGuru says: In the video we discuss whether Intel is about to deliver a stroke of genius, although we reckon we smell the panic as Intel races to react to AMD Threadripper with its paltry 16 threads and 32 cores. Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags AMD Computex Core i9 Intel intel core i9 Kaby Lake X Skylake-X Threadripper X299 Previous Kaspersky Lab files new antitrust complaint against Microsoft over Windows Defender Next G.Skill OC World Cup 2017 Winner announced Check Also Win a STEAM game of your choice! Win a game on STEAM at our expense, you even get to pick it - have a good start to the weekend! Lelisevis Some good points but this has to be watched in tandem with the video Linus released 3 days ago, he was ahead of the game and manages to express a frustration that is almost painful to watch. Watch Leo and Luke first and then go search out the other video for a more platform wide overview. Jacqualinedmoore Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj289d: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj289d: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash289HomeGreenPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj289d..,….. Annajbriner Google is paying 97$ per hour! Work for few hours and have longer with friends & family! !mj136: On tuesday I got a great new Land Rover Range Rover from having earned $8752 this last four weeks.. Its the most-financialy rewarding I’ve had.. It sounds unbelievable but you wont forgive yourself if you don’t check it !mj136: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialJobsCash136HomeInfoPay$97Hour… ★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★✫★★:::::!mj136..,.. Polls How much memory on your next gaming rig? Under 8GB 8GB 16GB 32GB Over 32GB View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic open News by Location open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment/Lifestyle open Eat, Drink, Cook open Opinion open Real Estate open Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us open Extras open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics open Watchdog Education open Environment Commuting Health Business open Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice open Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News Personal Finance Oregon & the Economy Oregon Tech Shopping Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports March Madness John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings Track and Field NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports open Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys open Girls open Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Baseball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Softball Track and Field Tennis Golf Lacrosse Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Competitive Cheer Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Comments: Open Thread Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian E-Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Oregon Business News Intel, Nike, PGE, Portland State, U of O and more pledge to back Paris climate agreement Updated on June 6, 2017 at 10:00 AM Posted on June 6, 2017 at 9:57 AM Unlike other top executives who quit presidential advisory councils over climate change, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich says he'll stay: "It is the administration of our country. We need to engage." Unlike other top executives who quit presidential advisory councils over climate change, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich says he'll stay: "It is the administration of our country. We need to engage."(AP photo) By The Oregonian staff and wire reports Some of Oregon's largest employers, universities and local governments have joined an effort to support the Paris climate agreement as part of a public campaign announced Monday. Dubbed "We Are Still In," the launch of the initiative comes just days after President Donald Trump said the United States would withdraw from the international accord, stunning much of the world and breaking with a broad host of industry executives who supported the deal. The campaign's participants, which include hundreds of businesses, investors, universities, local officials and state governments, have pledged to support the Paris accord and "pursue ambitious climate goals," according to an open letter the campaign released. Signatories include Intel, Oregon's largest private employer, and Nike, the largest company headquartered inside the state. Others pledging their support include: The state of Oregon Portland Mayor Ted Wheeler Portland State University The University of Oregon Portland Community College Southern Oregon University Columbia Sportswear Portland General Electric The group also took aim at Trump, saying his decision "damages the world's ability to avoid the most dangerous and costly effects of climate change." The business leaders and officials described Trump's move as "out of step with what is happening in the United States." The campaign on climate is the latest example of some of the biggest players in Silicon Valley opposing Trump's key policies. The president's travel ban and ongoing litigation surrounding his immigration orders have also sparked widespread condemnation from the tech industry. After the president revealed last week that he intends to exit the agreement, several high-profile business leaders said they would end their advisory roles with Trump, in protest. Tesla and SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk and Disney chief executive Robert Iger said last week that they would no longer serve on the president's economic advisory council. Executives from Facebook, Apple, Microsoft and Google also swiftly criticized Trump's decision after his announcement. Intel chief executive Brian Krzanich said he will continue to serve on Trump's American Manufacturing Jobs Initiative. "It is the administration of our country. We need to engage," Brian Krzanich told CNBC, shortly before Trump formally announced his decision on climate change. "And what I'll do is I'll spend time in there talking about what are we going to do, how do we get back in?" Dozens of states last week said they would forge ahead with their climate policies and their aim to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in response to the president's move. New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, D, also unveiled the largest renewable energy investment by any state, a $1.65 billion plan to support renewable energy and energy efficiency. -- Staff and wire reports View Comments About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Legal Notices Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  ASRock H110 PRO BTC+ Motherboard Has 13 PCIe Slots For Mining Enthusiasts ASRock H110 PRO BTC+ Motherboard Has 13 PCIe Slots For Mining Enthusiasts Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Jun 06, 2017 - 11:56 AM Right now we have a cryptocurrency mining boom and interest in Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and other currencies is higher than ever. At Computex 2017 we learned that ASRock is launching a new motherboard with a mouth watering 13 PCIe slots. The ASRock H110 Pro BTC+ motherboard uses the Intel H110 chipset (6W TDP) for LGA1151 processors and should be a monster. We aren’t sure if this board comes with PCIe x1 to PCIe x16 riser cards, but we hope it does as those are getting tough to find and often some arrive DOA. If you put 13 AMD Radeon RX 480 video cards (150W TDP) into this beast you are looking at 1950W plus the board, CPU and other items that consume power. It looks like that  2200 Wattt Power supply we saw at Computex might actually be handy for boards like this. If you have 13 AMD Radeon RX 480/580 cards and have them optimized for mining with all the latest tweaks you are looking at roughly 27 MH/s per card on Ethereum mining, so a setup like that will give you roughly 350 MH/s. At current prices that will give you nearly $22,000 a year of profit$22,000 a year of profit from one board. The hard part will be finding 13 Radeon RX 400 or 500 series cards to buy to build one of these! This would make for one heck of a dedicated mining board and those mine cryptocurrencies should like it. We aren’t sure what the price will be or when it will arrive, but ASRock said it will be soon (update: first retail boards will be shipping in July 2017) . Hopefully it will arrive before the move to Proof of Stake really takes off! Be sure to check out our article showing off the performance on over 15 GPUs when we were doing Ethereum mining to find the best GPU. At Computex 2017 this machine was being shown off, but they only had 8 AMD Radeon RX 470 video cards in the demo unit. ASRock said that there is an 8 GPU limitation on Windows 10 on one OS install and that they are talking with AMD/Microsoft to see if that can be expanded. It looks like you’d have to run Linux to run this many cards on one system! Dave Nunez *The motherboard has 13 PCI-Express slots (one 16X, and twelve 1X slots), not PCIE lanes, as they are defined in the CPU. *TDP = Thermal Design Power, not power consumption. IE, the amount of heat a component is designed to dissipate while functioning normally, measured in Watts. Not the amount of power a component consumes. Actual power consumption will be greater than the TDP. Didn’t bother skimming the rest of the article after these blatant errors stood out… :/ Josiah Bradley But you did take the time to reply! What a hero of the site you are. Quit trolling no one cares you won the spelling bee in 3rd grade. Dave Nunez lol, are you triggered? It’s a shit article where the author doesn’t understand what he’s talking about. It deserves to be called out. Good thing you’re here to defend this dreck, what would they do without their white knights. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets close in 6 hrs 13 mins S&P 500 2,432.95 -0.19 (-0.01%) Dow 30 21,185.43 +11.74 (+0.06%) Nasdaq 6,291.79 -5.59 (-0.09%) Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens James Brumley InvestorPlace June 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips There’s no doubt about it — Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) is hammering out a compelling turnaround story. A string of new product launches (and yet-to-launch products) has given AMD stock owners more to be excited about than they’ve had in years. Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Signal FlashesMore Source: Shutterstock In fact, it finally looks as if the company is going to make rivals NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) sweat. On the other hand, AMD shares are about six months ahead of themselves, and priced for about twice the corporate performance that’s plausibly in the near-term cards. While Wall Street mostly loves Advanced Micro, timing could make a world of difference to your bottom line. Reality Check In retrospect, Advanced Micro Devices delivered an impressive move. AMD stock rallied more than 400% between the end of 2015 and March of this year, as years of R&D were finally going to translate into new — and marketable — product lines. 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years Chief among those products was its new Ryzen processor, which not only performs comparably to Intel’s popular Core i7 and now i9 CPUs, but did so at half or less than Intel’s Core prices. Also fanning the flames of investor optimism was Advanced Micro Devices’ Vega graphics processing platform, which is a contender against Nvidia’s Pascal GPU technology. Throw its new server chip, EPYC, into the mix, and what you’ve got is a company with a lot of things going for it. As I’ve learned time and time again in my professional and personal life though, new ventures generally take about twice as long to get going as you expect them to, and cost twice as much to launch. AMD isn’t immune to that reality, as all the recent buyers of AMD stock are starting to figure out. As evidence of this unsurprising headwind, one only has to look at the fact that the price of its Ryzen chips is already falling. The top-of-the-line 1800X did cost $499, but now goes for $450. The impending debut of Intel’s new 18-core X-series processors clearly has something to do with it. While the nearly $2,000 price tag currently sported by the X-series processors is (1) not even in the same realm as Ryzens, and (2) won’t be commercially launched for a while, lower-cost versions are forthcoming. They may be (relatively) worth the price and the wait. It’s also worth noting that for all the planning, testing and programming done to-date with the Ryzen, its OEM partnerships with PC companies won’t start delivering Ryzen-inside equipment until later this month. Even then, there’s a ramp-up period as companies like HP (NYSE:HPQ) and Dell refamiliarize themselves with Advanced Micro Devices, which most OEM makers hadn’t taken too seriously in a while. Its Vega graphics processing technology is on a parallel path. While it hasn’t been ballyhooed for a while (and helped drive AMD stock higher as a result), Vega is not yet for sale. It will be soon, with a projected retail release this month or next. Even so, OEM outfits are still months out from incorporating the platform into the hardware that eventually gets put on retail store shelves or becomes available by ordering on the internet. And there’s no assurance Nvidia won’t do to Advanced Micro Devices on the GPU front what Intel did to AMD on the CPU front. That is, while Vega is largely being pitted against Nvidia’s Pascal graphics processing technology, NVDA in the meantime is reportedly planning to launch its next-generation GPU next year. Called the Volta, it could conceivably take the wind out of Advanced Micro’s sails just when the ship finally gets moving. Bottom Line for AMD Stock None of this is to downplay the impressive turnaround effort Advanced Micro Devices has made under CEO Lisa Su. There’s no denying the company was fading to irrelevancy just a year ago, but is now equipped to start winning back market share. Read More That doesn’t mean it’s going to win back all of what was lost in a matter of months. Tuesday’s Vital Data: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD), Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) and Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) The fact is, AMD stock was catapulted higher in 2016 and early 2017 on the mistaken premise that Vega and Ryzen wouldn’t face any next-generation competition. They will. They already are. Moreover, even to the extent Ryzen and Vega do win market share from Intel and Nvidia, they won’t do it instantaneously. It could be late 2017 and even early 2018 before we can get a good feel for how marketable either technology truly is. Trouble is, everyone who has been plowing into AMD stock of late may not be willing to wait that long. Now is not the time to tiptoe into AMD. That time was a year ago when the high risk was matched by the high reward. The reward isn’t so high now, but with Vega, Ryzen and now EPYC still in their infancy, there’s still a fair amount of risk. The 25% pullback from March’s highs suggests the market is finally starting to see this, but there’s an uncomfortable amount of downside potential still looming. I’ll reiterate what I said at the end of May — a move below support around $10.60 and closer to $6 would make for a much more palatable entry point. That kind of pullback seems crazy. But given how long it will take Vega and Ryzen to start bearing fruit, we can’t rule out the possibility. As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Will Hit New Heights. Go Long With Low Risk! Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock Bags New Record Ahead of Model 3 Launch The Party’s Not Over for Facebook Inc (FB) Stock The post Buy Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock When This Happens appeared first on InvestorPlace. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next This is why intel leaders wouldn't talk to the Senate today CNBC Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Should Be Takeover Bait InvestorPlace Intel Chiefs Refuse To Discuss Donald Trump And Russia Probe At Senate Committee Hearing Deadline AMD's Graphics Cards Are Selling Out for the Wrong Reason...Again -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Nvidia, AMD are for Ethereum Mining, Not Bitcoin, Says RBC barrons.com Social media explodes over Comey testimony CNBC After nearly 10 years as a financial planner, the first 2 questions I ask every client have nothing to do with money Business Insider Sears is closing 72 stores — here's the full list Business Insider Huawei will leapfrog Apple and HP to lead the PC market in five years, top exec says CNBC.com What to Watch in the Markets Thursday, June 8 Yahoo Finance Video Infrastructure stocks aren't buying Trump's infrastructure talk Yahoo Finance Why Amazon decided to offer an even cheaper version of Prime Yahoo Finance 10 ways you’re wasting money on travel Yahoo Finance Stephen Curry has a great perspective on having a smaller salary than 81 other NBA players Business Insider Oil Prices Collapse As The EIA Reports Unexpected Inventory Build Oilprice.com Yext CEO: Still in the "early innings" of growth Yahoo Finance Video  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.8k
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. KitGuru The KitGuru System Home News Reviews Gaming Lifestyle Mobile Professional Forum Home / Channel / Computex / Computex: ASRock goes all in on X299, smaller form factors and Bitcoin mining Computex: ASRock goes all in on X299, smaller form factors and Bitcoin mining Matthew Wilson 2 days ago Computex, Featured Tech News, Motherboard ASRock had one of the busier booths at Computex this year, with a ton of new HEDT motherboards on show, on top of a focus on small form factor systems and even Bitcoin mining. Obviously with the launch of X299, there were a lot of motherboards on show at ASRock’s booth, which you can see in the gallery above. There are many different gaming-oriented boards, along with the return of the Taichi board, an OC board and a Mini-ITX. The Taichi board is particularly interesting with triple M.2 slots that support RAID, and 13 total power phases and a 12-phase design for the CPU. The OC board has fewer M.2 ports but comes with extra 4-pin CPU power to benefit heavy overclockers. There is also additional power for PCIe near the 24-pin connector. Beyond that, the PCIe slot layout appears to be friendly for quad-GPU setups, which could make this a good pick for benchmarks. Finally, the X299 Mini-ITX board uses a full size LGA 2066 socket, rather than a narrow version like the previous generation X99E-ITX motherboard. It carries room for quad-channel SODIMM memory with support for speeds of up to 3200MHz. So far, this is the only mini-ITX X299 motherboard around for the HEDT market. In the gallery above you will also notice some X399 versions of the ‘Pro Gaming’ and ‘Taichi’ motherboards. These are largely the same as their Intel X299 counterparts but the Taichi does lack 10GbE. The Pro Gaming board also carries an additional four pin CPU power as Threadripper is expected to use up to 200W when overclocked. ASRock is also helping lead the charge on X370 Mini-ITX boards for AMD’s new Ryzen processors. So if any of you are looking to build an ITX AMD-based system, there are more options coming our way this year. ASRock also showed a new Mini-STX system at Computex. This is big news as it supports the Intel Core i7-7700K in such a small form factor. There is dual channel memory support with speeds up to 3200MHz. There are also slots for three M.2 SSDs and M.2 WiFi, alongside 5Gbps Type-C USB and a laptop-style SATA connection. There is no Thunderbolt support at this time but we may possibly see a version with it in the future. There is an MXM slot for installing a graphics card, the system we saw on display used a GTX 1080. This Z270 Mini-STX board makes for a perfect pairing with the ASRock DeskMini, which is a tiny powerhouse featuring a GTX 1080. The case has around a 2 litre capacity. We checked the GTX 1080 temperatures with the system running TimeSpy and saw a maximum temperature of 76 degrees celsius, so it should be able to handle gaming no problem. The last note for ASRock’s booth is Bitcoin mining. There are a few new boards on the way focussing purely on mining crypto-currency, which appears to be making a bit of a comeback at the moment. KitGuru Says: The ASRock booth was very busy this year, which was good to see. Is there anything here that caught your eye? Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Pinterest Tags asrock Computex news Previous The Nintendo Switch is getting a Pokemon game this year but the 3DS is still the main focus Next Computex 2017: Closing Press Conference Check Also Apple Music has racked up 27 million subscribers It has been around two years since Apple first launched ‘Apple Music’, its own streaming … Polls How much memory on your next gaming rig? Under 8GB 8GB 16GB 32GB Over 32GB View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Archives Archives Select Month June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010  Contact Us © Copyright 2017, Kitguru.net All Rights Reserved
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Windows 10: A guide to updates Ultimate guide to older Office apps Review: Outlook Groups is now a pain on all platforms Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The top 5 mistakes enterprise devs make when building mobile apps Outlook vs. native apps in Windows, MacOS, iOS, and Android IT buyer’s guide: The Dell Latitude 5289 2-in-1 Review: Office 365's Delve, Sway and Planner fall flat More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Apple Mac Apple Holic By Jonny Evans, Computerworld | Jun 6, 2017 7:07 AM PT About | Appleholic, (noun), æp·əl-hɑl·ɪk: An imaginative person who thinks about what Apple is doing, why and where it is going. Delivering popular Apple-related news, advice and entertainment since 1999. WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017: Everything you need to know about Apple and AR In one move, Apple just made AR mainstream. It took years of planning. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Jonny Evans More like this Apple's WWDC 2017 announcements: First thoughts for the enterprise WWDC 2017: 10+ predictions for enterprise IT Apple’s reality distortion field -- coming to an iPhone near you Video Mingis on Tech: The MacBook Pro show-and-tell WWDC 2017 WWDC 2017: An enterprise perspective on... Apple squelches commitment critics with... WWDC 2017: Everything you need to know... Apple's WWDC 2017 announcements: First... WWDC: iPad’s big advantage: engagement “We are high on AR for the long run, we think there’s great things for customers and a great commercial opportunity.” Apple CEO, Tim Cook, July 2016. As I expected, Apple has introduced a powerful partnership and platform play to kick-start AR experience creation and distribution across its systems. The company shared many of the details of its approach at WWDC 2017. This will have a big impact across consumer, creative, and enterprise markets so I thought it would be useful to put together what we know so far. What is ARKit? Apple has leveraged multiple technologies to create an AR ecosystem. When it comes to mobile devices, Apple has introduced ARKit, its new developer framework for the creation of engaging AR experiences. The idea here is that consumers will use the cameras, processors and motion sensors already packed inside their iOS devices to access AR solutions. Your iPad or iPhone effectively becomes a window to an augmented world. “By blending digital objects and information with the environment around you, ARKit takes apps beyond the screen, freeing them to interact with the real world in entirely new ways,” Apple said. Apple on ARKit Apple’s developer pages already provide a rich quantity of information around ARKit. They confirm (for example) that ARKit uses Visual Inertial Odometry (VIO) to accurately track the world around it using camera sensor and CoreMotion data. As I quietly predicted in May 2015, Apple has been able to build its implementation around world leading technologies it quietly acquired with Mataio. Apple says ARKit provides: Fast, stable motion tracking Plane estimation with basic boundaries (horizontal planes at present). Ambient lighting estimation Scale estimation Support for Unity, Unreal, SceneKit Xcode app templates Building for ARKit Developers can build AR solutions using Apple’s state-of-the-art computer vision technologies. Apple specifically suggests they will use ARKit to build games, immersive shopping experiences, for industrial design and more. Here are a few examples of currently available VR solutions, but there is also big potential for AR deployments in logistics and distribution, emergency response, military, education, medical, and beyond. Metal for AR One of the more critical supporting technologies for Apple’s AR play is “Metal for VR” within macOS High Sierra. A component of the heavily improved Metal 2 system, Metal for VR offers a range of VR-focused features, including a VR-optimized display pipeline, viewport arrays and stereoscopic visualization frame debuggers. Support for external graphics Metal 2 also builds in support for external graphics processing units (GPUs). This means you can connect your MacBook or iMac to an external GPU system in order to make use of more powerful graphics processing, which is ideal for AR developers. “Apps that use Metal, OpenCL, and OpenGL can now take advantage of the increased performance that external graphics processors can bring,” says Apple. Don’t neglect that early versions of the Oculus Rift dev kit ran on Macs, but that effort failed as Macs couldn’t deliver the graphics support required. There was no news on Oculus at WWDC, but other partners were named. Partnerships I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again: ignore what you think you know and accept that Apple does partnerships. Its AR partners include Valve in order to provide SteamVR support on Macs. It is also working with Unity and Epic Games’ Unreal engine. The Valve support means Apple has bought the HTC Vive into the fold – the company demonstrated some of the AR features using an HTV Vive headset. “With partners like Apple, Google, Intel and dozens more, we will continue to make Vive the best VR platform for consumers, developers and enterprises alike,” said Vive. On Unity support It is in development, but right now Unity promises its plugin lets developers use ARKit features like world-tracking, live video rendering, plane estimation and updates, hit-testing API, ambient light estimation, and raw point cloud data. “Radeon Pro 500 series graphics is recommended for 3D VR content,” said Unity. Much more detail for developers here. Steam VR for macOS SteamVR for the Mac is now available in beta. It provides the same 360-degree, room-scale tracking as the Windows and Linux variants. “On the development side, we have worked closely with Epic and Unity to make Mac extensions of content built on those engine technologies as simple as possible. Extension tools for those engines, and others, are available as part of this beta,” the company said. Unreal Engine Unreal Engine 4’s early access support for ARKit is available now on GitHub. Binary support is coming with the Unreal Engine 4.17 Preview in July followed by launch in early August. And WebVR Blink and you’ll have missed it, but WebVR will be supported in Safari on iOS and macOS. That’s significant as that technology should support Web-based VR experiences. Steam confirms it has been working with Mozilla to help enable WebVR support on Firefox, so macOS-based web developers can start using VR. Where can I get it? Developers running macOS High Sierra can make an immediate start on building VR apps using solutions from Unity and Valve. You can already download Unity’s Experimental macOS VR build here. You will also need Steam VR from Valve to use this, which is available here. Return of the Mac Apple knows the core Mac market. At one time this market was defined by graphic designers, then musicians, web designers and video creatives joined the fold. The Mac felt the impact of mobile, while the next big tech wave, social, was fairly non-platform specific. This changes with AR – Apple’s move to deliver a high-end Mac kit, such as the utterly droolworthy iMac Pro and (promised) future Mac Pro shows the company’s late realization that in order to create AR content it would need to also deliver an ecosystem which can be used to help create it. Apple now wants to provide the world’s best platform for AR content creatives, from content creation to consumer use. With this in mind it’s reasonable to expect a range of additional content creation messages from the company in the weeks ahead, look to iMovie, Final Cut X and discussion about new VR creation workflows around Apple solutions. Massive deployment We now know why Apple has made such a monumental, multi-year effort to ensure tens of millions of iPhone and iPad users are running devices equipped with seriously powerful processors. That move to 64-bit everything was never trivial, it was a deliberate plan to ensure the company could deliver complex technologies, such as AR. Any mobile device with an A9 processor running iOS 11 will be able to take advantage of ARKit, which means any iPhone from iPhone 6s or later. “With iOS 11, we’re delivering the biggest AR platform in the world, and it’s available today for developers to begin building AR experiences using ARKit for hundreds of millions of iPhone and iPad users,” said Craig Federighi, Apple’s senior vice president of Software Engineering. [ Related: Apple's WWDC 2017 announcements: First thoughts for the enterprise ] This means developers working to create AR solutions will address a market of millions of potential users – and there will be big rewards available to developers who can create something viral. Strong and stable Just like UK Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, Apple is frequently underestimated by critics and enemies self-condemned to be forgotten by history. In this case, its move to AR has been well planned and seamlessly executed. That should fill any enterprise with an interest in AR/VR with confidence. This tech can be part of a multi-year strategy for Apple, and for your company. The VR Dev Kit Apple has also begun selling its own VR development kit (which it calls the External Graphics Development Kit). This is a Sonnet external graphics system with an AMD Radeon RX 580 8GB VR-ready graphics card, Thunderbolt 3 support and a Belkin USB-C to 4-port USB-A hub. Developers purchasing the $599 kit also receive a $100 which they can use to buy an HTC Vive VR headset. Want to get started? Developers will need to download the Xcode 9 and iOS 11 betas, and then take a look at the ARKit documentation. No Apple headset I think Apple has been developing its own headsets for years. However, at this stage of the game it may well have decided that making nice with HTC and partners was more important to its plans than shipping Apple Glass. But I’m not convinced that it will be able to resist this wearable opportunity. What people are saying So, what’s the reaction to Apple’s AR plans? Here are a few notable statements: “While we’re still very early in the maturity of AR, this is a good first step to get people thinking and playing with the technology,” Forrester vice president, analyst Michael Facemire told me.  “AR is going to be the operating system of the future. The iPhone is going to be the AR device of the next five years, but eventually it's going to become some wearable," Munster said. "This ARKit will allow developers to build rich AR experiences far beyond what we've experienced in AR today." Loup Ventures, Gene Munster, CNBC. “It’s a much more attractive platform for brands and businesses looking to create augmented experiences,” said Adam Fingerman, Chief Experience Officer and cofounder at SF-based ArcTouch. “The digital world will overlay the real world in more detailed and accurate ways and you will be able to interact with Pokémon in a more immersive and life-like fashion,” said Niantic Labs. “Apple’s emphatic entry into this space marks the beginning of AR and VR as a mainstream consumer phenomenon, as a market that’s now ready to grow beyond a few million enthusiasts, to reach hundreds of millions and then billions,” said Epic Games' Tim Sweeny in a blog post.  This fall Apple will make AR mass market. You'd better start planning those Christmas and Thanksgiving AR virals straight away. Got any more info? Let me know via Twitter so I can update this post. Google+? If you use social media and happen to be a Google+ user, why not join AppleHolic's Kool Aid Corner community and join the conversation as we pursue the spirit of the New Model Apple? Got a story? Drop me a line via Twitter below and let me know. I'd like it if you chose to follow me on Twitter so I can let you know when fresh items are published here first on Computerworld. Related: Apple Mac Apple iOS Application Development Apple Jonny is a freelance writer who has been writing (mainly about Apple and technology) since 1999. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results WWDC 2017 Previous Next WWDC 2017: An enterprise perspective on Apple’s iOS 11 Apple squelches commitment critics with new iMacs Currently reading WWDC 2017: Everything you need to know about Apple and AR Apple's WWDC 2017 announcements: First thoughts for the... WWDC: iPad’s big advantage: engagement You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments60+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Reliable Source Jim Comey is testifying, and Washington needs a drink The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Emily Heil By Emily Heil June 6 Follow @emilyaheil Former FBI director James B. Comey is sworn in before testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee. (Jim Watson/AFP via Getty Images) Forget summer blockbuster movies — the biggest show in town Thursday will be the testimony before a Senate committee of former FBI director James B. Comey. For proof, see the handful of Washington bars opening early and/or offering specials in honor of the potentially fireworks-laden event. (Also, what does it say about our collective mood that we need cocktails to get through it? Okay, drink every time anyone says “Putin”!) Shaw’s Tavern is opening at 9:30 a.m., in time for pregaming before the Senate Intel Committee convenes at 10 a.m., for what it’s calling the “Comey Hearing Covfefe,” borrowing the term from President Trump’s cryptic tweet. All five of the bar’s TVs will be airing the main event, and vodkas are five bucks (morning, sunshine!). Duffy’s Irish Pub on Vermont Avenue NW is usually a draw for Washington Nationals fans, but Thursday, the 15 screens will be on C-SPAN, not ESPN. The contents of the featured “Covfefe Cocktail” is as murky as the White House’s Russia controversy: the hangout promises it’s “like drinking the Kool Aid but only a small group of people know what’s in it.”  The “small group of people” reference comes from White House press secretary Sean Spicer’s explanation of said Trump tweet. Duffy's getting in on the Comey watch party action pic.twitter.com/HvDT35YMHR — Tierney Sneed (@Tierney_Megan) June 6, 2017 The Partisan, aptly named, is opening an hour early, at 10 a.m., for customers looking for a perch downtown to watch in a meat-and-booze haze. Breakfast sandwiches will come from the adjoining Red Apron butchery, and two cocktail specials, “The Last Word” and “Drop the Bomb,” are on-theme. So when the committee chairman says “raise your right hand,” you can at least have something cold in it. 1 of 22 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The career of James Comey as FBI director View Photos James B. Comey, the head of the bureau since 2013, was dismissed by President Trump on May 9, 2017. Caption James B. Comey, the head of the bureau since 2013, was dismissed by President Trump on May 9, 2017. March 15, 2017 FBI Director James B. Comey leaves a closed-door meeting with senators about President Trump’s allegations of wiretapping at Trump Tower during the 2016 election at the Capitol in Washington. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. lifestyle reliable-source false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 60+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Emily Heil is the co-author of the Reliable Source and previously helped pen the In the Loop column with Al Kamen. Follow @emilyaheil 62 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Breitbart News seems to be cleaning house after readers and advertisers drift away 2 Inside the heaving, jostling Capitol media mob: ‘We are one tripped senator away’ from disaster. 3 How getting blocked by Trump on Twitter became a ‘badge of honor’ 4 Perspective Carolyn Hax: Dipso facto alcohol is a problem in your relationship 5 Defense challenges Bill Cosby accuser Andrea Constand: ‘You changed your story’ The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe lifestyle reliable-source Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing
Myce.com Home News Reviews Forum About Contact Home News Reviews Forum About Contact 0 0 Go Ballistix Elite 3466MHz DDR4 RAM review Lexar Tough 128GB Jumpdrive review Seagate Barracuda 2TB hard drive review Micron 5100 ECO 1920GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Ballistix sport LT 2666MHZ DDR4 RAM review Toshiba X300 6TB High Performance HDD Review Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Corsair Force MP500 NVMe SSD review Samsung 960 EVO 250GB M.2 NVMe SSD Review Lexar C20c 64GB flash drive review – The three in one solution Crucial MX300 2TB SSD Review ADATA Ultimate SU800 256GB SSD review Ballistix Elite 3466MHz DDR4 RAM review Antonis Sapanidis . The Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM has been updated, on size and it also got a small boost on the speed, now the top DDR4 RAM that Ballistix has to offer can reach a maximum speed of 3466Mhz, so let find you how the preform. The Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM has been updated, on size and it also got a small boost on the speed, now the top DDR4 RAM that Ballistix has to offer can reach a maximum speed of 3466Mhz, so let find you how the preform. Home Review Ballistix Elite 3466MHz DDR4 RAM review Posted 06 June 2017 13:45 CEST by Antonis Sapanidis Page 1 - IntroductionPage 2 - PC specifications and benchmarkingPage 3 - Ballistix Elite test resultsPage 4 - Conlusion   Product: Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM Reviewed by: Antonis Sapanidis Provided by: Crucial I tested the previous Ballistix Elite RAM, and back then I gave it the "Excellent" award. Nothing stays still however and by the time of writing this review we have announcements for AMD Threadripper, and Intel's new X299. So it was about time for Ballistix to update their Elite RAM, and as we have come to expect from Ballistix there are no huge changes. Visually they are identical to the ones that I tested back in September 2016, but they have had a speed increase, now reaching a maximum speed of 3466MHz, and also now you can get a 64GB kit. Thanks to Ballistix for providing their 4*8GB 3466MHz RAM for this review, and for more information about Ballistix you can visit their website here. The picture bellow will give you a better idea of the Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM line up that is currently available. Speeds start at 2666MHz and reach a maximum of 3466MHz with sizes from 4GB and single, dual, and quad kits. Now I can start this review, and as always, I will begin with the packaging and its contents. Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM Packaging Let's take a closer look at the packaging of the Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM and its contents. The RAM at the time of writing the review was available in single modules of 8GB so as you have guessed there are also three sticks that are not shown in the picture, but their packaging is identical, and as we can see the packaging remains the same when it comes to Ballistix memory. The front side of the Ballisitx Elite DDR4 RAM. Everything is exactly the same as the previous Ballsistix Elite RAM that I tested, great build quality, and also great looks, but the main difference is you can now obtain them with speeds of up to 3466Mz. The rear side of the Ballistix Elite DDR4 RAM A look at the sticker, and the information that can be found on it. A quick look on the test system. Here is a more datailed view of the BallisitiX Elite DDR4 RAM.   Let’s head to the next page where we take a look at our testing methods and the review PC.   PC specifications and benchmarking » You've got to read this! Parents asked to destroy smart doll that can be used to eavesdrop on children Fri 17 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff The German regulatory office for telecommunications has asked parents to destroy the ... Micron 5100 MAX 960GB SATA Enterprise SSD Review Tue 21 Feb 02:02 by JReynolds &nbsp; &nbsp; Review: Micron 5100 MAX Reviewed ... Microsoft silently extends support of original Windows 10 with 2 months Thu 16 Feb 05:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Microsoft has decided to extend support of the original version of Windows 10 with 2 month... Google and Bing voluntarily reduce visibility of copyright infringing websites in the United Kingdom Mon 20 Feb 06:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff Google and Microsoft's Bing will voluntarily reduce the visibility of copyright infringing... European privacy watchdogs concerned about Windows 10's data collection methods Tue 21 Feb 07:02 by Jan Willem Aldershoff A group of European privacy watchdogs is going to investigate whether Windows 10 properly ... Review Navigation Introduction PC specifications and benchmarking Ballistix Elite test results Conlusion Back to top Myce.com settings Several settings at Myce.com can be changed, they are stored in cookies, which means they will be reset if you clear Myce.com cookies Background Change the background to a plain color or trianglified image (similar to the default image) None / Default White Black Grey Artic Blue Indian Summer Gorgeous Green Salmon On Fire Purple Rain Grey Pink Baby No tracking features At Myce most social media feature are done server side and impose no privacy risk to the visitor when not used. Several features use Javascript with you can turn off here Remove Facebook / Google Plus tracking Remove advertisements Layout Switch to the List layout for an index with chronologycally listed news items or Grid layout for a block based layout. To see the change you need to reload the page Grid(default) List Submit Back to default × Content News Reviews Forum Hardware Forums SSD and HDD Blu-ray Burners General Hardware Blank Media Memory Cards Software Forums Video Edit Burning Software Movie Copy Windows 10 Android Legal Privacy policy Terms Cookie policy About About Brand & Award guidelines Advertising Contact Powered by Philaeum Hosted by GetFlyWheel Follow us
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming Huawei Competitions Games Games Accessories Nintendo PC Gaming PlayStation Toys More VR Xbox Trending: Nintendo Switch OnePlus 5 iPhone 7 deals Galaxy S8 LG G6 iPhone 8 Home / News / PC Gaming News / HP refreshes Omen gaming rigs with VR-ready specs HP refreshes Omen gaming rigs with VR-ready specs by Sean Keach 06 June 2017 0 shares Read Comments As the gaming PC boom continues, HP hopes to capitalise on the popularity of trendy powerhouse rigs with its refreshed Omen lineup. In an announcement today, HP revealed a “re-designed and re-engineered” gaming machine portfolio that features both desktops and laptops. What’s more, HP announced that the Omen by HP range was the official partner for the Overwatch World Cup, which gaming studio Blizzard will be running this summer. “Omen by HP is one of the fastest growing major PC gaming brands today,” said Anne-Sophie Hadberg, Head of Consumer Systems for HP in Europe. She continued: “Gamers and eSports athletes want the coolest, most innovative and powerful products on the market with the designs they crave. With our reinvention of the entire OMEN portfolio – from design, form-factor, engineering and performance – we helping them compete at the highest level.” First up is the Omen X Compact Desktop, which is built around the idea of cramming top-end hardware into a small package – a noble cause. Despite the dinky body, the Compact Desktop features Nvidia’s powerful GeForce GTX 1080 graphics card, which supports 4K gaming and is VR ready. You’ll also get a new Intel Core i7 (7th-generation Kaby Lake, of course) processor. Excitingly, you’ll also get a VR backpack with the Compact Desktop, which lets you carry your PC around on your back. The idea is that you’ll plug your VR headset into your computer, and roam relatively freely, making use a hot-swappable battery system when playing for extended periods of time. You get four batteries, and a charging dock that charges two batteries at the same time. There’s also the Omen Desktop proper, which is a souped of version of the Compact Desktop, with more enticing specs. For instance, you get dual Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 Ti (SLI), or dual AMD Radeon RX 580 (Crossfire), giving you more graphical horsepower than you’ll probably ever need this year. There’s also options for 7th-gen Intel Core i5 or i7 cards, or overclockable AMD CPUs from the new Ryzen series. The only other major entries are the redesigned Omen HP 15 and Omen HP 17 laptops, which have been revamped for better VR capabilities. Inside the Omen 15, you can choose a GPU up to the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060, which is a VR-ready card. However, you can opt for the more powerful Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 on the Omen 17 for decent QHD gaming. Both laptops are available with the latest Intel Kaby Lake processors. Other perks include an optional 4K display, or a 120Hz 1080p display option for fast refresh rates thanks to Nvidia’s G-Sync technology. Here are pricing and release details: The OMEN X Compact Desktop will be available in EMEA in August starting at £2,499 The OMEN Tower will be available in EMEA in June starting at £999 The OMEN 15 laptop will be available in EMEA in June starting at £899 The OMEN 17 Laptop will be available in EMEA in June starting at £999 Related: Best gaming PC What do you think of HP’s refreshed gaming portfolio? Let us know in the comments. Latest Deals From Ebay OMEN by HP Keyboard with Steelseries New In Box $99.99 View Item Want to Play with Fire? Promo HP Omen Gaming Computer Shirt Medium $23.99 View Item Brand NEW HP OMEN by Mouse Pad with SteelSeries AU$45.05 View Item 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company homepage technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design homepage cities graphics innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Work Smart The apps, tips, tactics, and brain hacks to help you work smarter instead of harder. FastCo.Works Studio An award-winning team of journalists, designers, and videographers who tell brand stories through Fast Company’s distinctive lens.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: advertisement advertisement 06.06.17 cannes Cannes Lions’ Innovation Lions Shortlist Is Here–See Who Made The Cut Jury chair Susan Lyne explains the evaluation process, what’s changed since last year, and how these awards are a different breed of brand creativity. By Jeff Beer2 minute Read Last year, the top prize in the Cannes Lions Innovation category went to Google’s DeepMind group for its advances in artificial intelligence in creating the AlphaGo platform that learned how to play the complex board game Go. Needless to say, it’s not really a piece of advertising. But by advancing Google’s technology in such a way, there’s no doubt it also boosts people’s opinion of the search giant as a center of innovation. advertisement That’s how Lions Innovation differs from most other categories at the annual Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity, often referred to as the Oscars of advertising. The Innovation Lions shortlist, just released by the festival, reflects its place where brand creativity can be at its broadest definition, often blurring the lines between brands, science, and technology. The shortlist contains 35 projects, including Intel’s drone-led contribution to Lady Gaga’s Super Bowl halftime show, Apple’s recycling robot named Liam, Tiger Beer’s effort to make ink out of air pollution, and Google’s Tilt Brush 3D VR painting platform. Jury chair Susan Lyne, president and managing partner at BBG Ventures, says this year’s crop of entries overall represent a big step up from a year ago. “Last year I felt the winner (Google’s DeepMind) was head and shoulders above all the other entries, going into judging,” she says. “It just felt like it was in a class on its own. This year, I think there are at least six to eight entries that could end up being the top winner.” The judging process is another differentiator between the Innovation Lions and other categories. Instead of a group of judges gathering in a room together to discuss the shortlist, all the Innovation contenders come to Cannes and present to the jury in-person. The first question Lyne asks when evaluating a project is, is this truly new? Is there something here that is genuinely innovative? “There are many things that are smart applications of something, that solve a real world problem, but is it something that feels like it opens up a new world? I always start there,” she says. “Additionally, I’d say, have they tested this enough, and is what they’re pitching real? We saw that issue a lot more last year, where people were pitching things they were planning to build or had partially built. So that’s something we look at carefully. This year, we’ve seen many more instances of products that are genuinely going to market, or had been significantly tested, that if successful could have a huge impact.” advertisement While there are some contenders that don’t easily fit under the marketing umbrella, there are plenty that do. These tend to be brands aiming to wow audiences with their technical flair, or ability to utilize creativity and reach to make a social impact–or both. One of last year’s winners was Toyota’s “Land Cruiser Emergency Network” out of Australia, which used the cars to provide mobile signals to remote areas. This year, the brilliant “Meet Graham” from Transport Accident Commission Victoria and agency ClemengerBBDO Melbourne introduced us to the only human evolved enough to survive a car crash. There was also Samsung’s “Theater for All Ears” that worked with hearing-impaired people in Brazil, using VR to help them enjoy live theater for the first time. The final winners will be announced on June 20. About the author Jeff Beer is a staff editor at Fast Company, covering advertising, marketing, and brand creativity. He lives in Toronto. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters advertisement Related Stories Entertainment Nike Made Branded Bandages To Fight A Sports Injury Stigma In China Entertainment SickKids Celebrates Father’s Day With A Sweet Story Of One Tough Dad Entertainment What It’s Like To Write Stand-Up–Good And Bad–For “I’m Dying Up Here” advertisement Video How To Do Business Like Tony Soprano How Malia Obama Changed The Conversation Around Taking A Gap Year Here's What You'll Need To Succeed In Google's Lunar XPrize Competition Why Eataly is Passionate About Offering Classes That Don’t Bring Home The Bacon Grindr is Now More Than A Gay Hookup App What You Need To Know From Apple's WWDC 2017 Keynote Equinox's LGBTQA Film Is A New Kind of Marketing Authenticity Facebook Has Been Trying To Combat Its Fake News Problem--But Is It Doing Enough? This App Can Help You Prep For That Next Big Presentation How This Google Employee Transformed His Career During A Bad Job Market How The Art World Could Influence Political Opinions Pulling Out Of The Paris Climate Agreement Could Be A Huge Blow To The U.S. Economy Meet The Man (And Network) Behind Your Favorite TV Shows Kushner Ties Could Deter Tenants From Brooklyn's Iconic Watchtower Property Why Uber Might Owe You Money Ideas Ideas Democrats Believe In Starbucks, Republicans Believe In Exxon Ideas 120 Mayors On The Issues Facing Urban America Ideas Trump Says The Paris Agreement Is Bad For Business, Business Says Nope Entertainment Entertainment Nike Made Branded Bandages To Fight A Sports Injury Stigma In China Entertainment SickKids Celebrates Father’s Day With A Sweet Story Of One Tough Dad Entertainment What It’s Like To Write Stand-Up–Good And Bad–For “I’m Dying Up Here” Co.Design Graphics Visualizing The World’s Deadliest Computer Virus Spaces At Ai Weiwei’s Unnerving New Installation, The Art Spies On You Product Meet Framer, The Prototyping Tool Used By Google, Facebook, And Uber Fast Company Leadership Lessons From The Epic Rise And Fall Of The Facebook Of The 1990s Technology This Time, Evernote Consulted Its Users Before Revising Its Privacy Policy Technology 9 Questions That Need To Be Answered At James Comey’s Senate Hearing Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC </noscript></body></html>
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy George Orwell's 1984 was published 68 years ago: Other dystopian novels that now hit home Vladimir Putin cracks the secret to acche din: The answer is to 'not be a woman' Man jokes about being 'stuck on Mars', receives Twitterati's ire for wasting Sushma Swaraj's time Pakistan's top diplomat laughed at for saying there are no safe sanctuaries for terrorists in Pak UK Election 2017: Rejoice! Dogs at polling stations tell you what's up most commented Renault Lodgy Stepway Edition launches for Rs 9.43 lakhs in India By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments HAL and Godrej played a key role in ISRO’s launch of its heaviest rocket, the GSLV MKIII By IANS 1   Comments Lenovo launches Moto Z2 Play in India for Rs 27,999; goes on sale from 15 June on Flipkart By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Lenovo IdeaPad 110 review: Makes for an ideal laptop for the first-time buyer only By Nimish Sawant 1   Comments New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Apple Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon's senior VP of devices New leaked renders show an Apple iPhone 8 with Touch ID on the back Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> WWDC 2017: A typical Apple event that stuck to the script, as always   06 Jun 2017 , 18:36 #Apple 0 By Rohan Naravane If you’ve been following Apple’s yearly developer conference for the past few weeks, you would have seen a fair share of wish lists — write-ups where journalists play the role of a product manager, and imagine features that this year’s Apple products should have. That’s because other than showcasing what developers can do with Apple software, the WWDC also provides a glimpse of what new features customers can expect on their iDevices towards the end of the year. Some things did manage to make it — take for instance the concept video above that shows dragging-and-dropping of content between split-screen apps on an iPad; that’s very much how it works in iOS 11. Even the long-desired File manager or a customisable Control Center made it’s way to Apple’s mobile operating system this year. But apart from these few highlights, Apple (as always) was in no mood to give users everything they want. A lot of stuff shown also felt like they were merely catching up to the rest of the industry. Let’s break down what happened, and what did not happen at the WWDC 2017. tvOS The keynote started with tvOS, but the only thing that was mentioned about it was that Amazon Prime Video app is coming to the tvOS App Store later this year. Not to say that’s not exciting — today the only way to view Prime Video on a big screen is by either purchasing a Fire TV Stick or a supported smart TV (it doesn’t work with Chromecast, a popular streaming stick to date). But it is saddening to know that highly-requested features like a multi-user mode or the expansion of the really useful TV app (that simultaneously searches for content from multiple providers) to more countries got no mention. watchOS 4 The fourth iteration of the software that powers the Apple Watch got a couple of interesting features like a Google-Now-like Siri watch face that predicts relevant information. Activity monitoring now sets challenges to motivate users to get better and also supports performing jumping from one activity to another quickly. But yet again, instead of requested stuff like third party watch faces or the option to set an always-on display, the keynote screen time was dedicated to a trippy kaleidoscope watchface or characters of Toy Story, which may attract the attention of some six-year-old Apple Watch users. macOS High Sierra The name of Apple’s next computer operating system isn’t just funky, it also points to the fact that not much has changed from Sierra. There are some interesting additions that typical users will find useful — like how the Safari web browser can prevent auto-playing videos and even ad-tracking scripts on websites. Or how the Reader Mode, that strips ads and all other distracting elements and shows articles in a PDF-like format, can be turned on by default for specific websites. But then there was stuff that just makes you go, “wait, it didn’t do that already?”. For example, the Photos app will now sync names of people you have fed in, to other Apple devices using the Photos app. Then there’s ‘Messages in iCloud’, which now syncs all your previous iMessage conversations when setting up a new device (you know, like how it works with most instant messaging apps today). iOS 11 A lot of people have their eyes peeled to the iOS updates at WWDC — after all, it is the software that powers the popular iPhone and iPads too. We already mentioned the Files app, the drag-and-drop feature on the iPad and a customisable Control Center in the beginning. Other stuff to like included low-light portrait mode for iPhones with two rear camera lenses. Then there was Do Not Disturb While Driving, a built in screen video recording function and QR code scanning baked into the default camera app. The iPad-specific updates to iOS 11 are slowly and steadily making the iPad Pro more computer-like — there’s a dock just like macOS that can summon apps quickly, you can open floating app windows, etc. But it still isn’t a computer replacement (read below to know why). Despite all this, a lot of other stuff did feel like Apple was catching up — for example Siri’s ability to translate spoken text to another language is something Google Assistant and previously Google Now have been doing for years. Apple Pay person-to-person payments lets iOS device owners to send money to each other, but it’s not very different from how a wallet app like Paytm functions. In fact, person-to-person payments will work only between Apple users and only in select countries where Apple Pay is enabled. It looks like the only new things added to SiriKit in iOS 11 when compared to iOS 10 is grocery lists & QR codes. https://t.co/MrpNKD0yQF pic.twitter.com/h0dybSjbjV — Rohan Naravane (@r0han) June 6, 2017 And then there’s stuff where things just felt lacking. SiriKit was only mildly expanded from the number of capabilities it supported last year with iOS 10. And from the laundry-list of features people expected in iOS 11, they didn’t get some important stuff like swipe-typing on the default keyboard, or an overhauled notification center, or an ability to set non-Apple default apps, or even multi-user mode for the iPad, to name a few. Mac Breaking the recent tradition of not announcing new hardware at WWDC, this year a good chunk of the keynote was reserved for new hardware — one of which was the Mac computer lineup. The good news is that the excluding the ageing MacBook Air, all other consumer Macs are now updated to the latest 7th Generation Intel ‘Kaby Lake’ chips. Even the MacBook Pros (the ones with and without the TouchBar) announced late last year got the latest Intel chips, faster SSDs and better graphics on the 15-inch models. Image Credit: Apple But probably the highlight of the Mac announcement was the iMac Pro — with up to 18-core Intel Xeon CPUs, 128GB of RAM, 4TB SSD and AMD’s Radeon Vega graphics. Of course the price of the entry-level iMac Pro is $4999, meaning it’s clearly only going to interest a niche audience that wants that kind of power. But a couple of things people wanted desperately — like a return of the removed SD card slot on the new MacBook Pros, or more than just one USB C port on the 12-inch MacBook, fell on deaf ears. iPad Pro With the new iPad Pro, you could say the most exciting thing about them were display advancements like a 120Hz screen refresh rate which is also dynamically scalable, HDR video support, etc. But it largely was the same iPad Pro we’ve known with trimmed bezels and updated internals — which means there’s no major departure from how iPad Pros work today. For example, a lot of people (me included) have been asking for an iPad with a trackpad, which would make it comparable to Microsoft’s Surface Pro. Listening to @gruber and decided to work up what a trackpad could look like for #iPadPro2 at #WWDC17 pic.twitter.com/TbWD6GgFNE — David Chapman (@DaveChap) May 29, 2017 With the iPad-specific iOS 11 features, it would have become an apt computer replacement as Apple would like you to think. But alas, we’ll have to keep on hoping. HomePod The approach Apple has taken with the HomePod is interesting, because none of the virtual assistant devices today produce good audio quality, and speakers with good audio quality don’t have virtual assistants built-in. With the goal of making a good-sounding speaker that is also smart, Apple could price the HomePod at $349, which is almost twice as much as the Amazon Echo and about three times the cost of a Google Home. There are things to like about the HomePod — the spatial awareness means that you can keep the speaker at any corner of the room and it will adjust itself for optimal sound output. Apple’s positioning of the HomePod as a great-sounding speaker with a virtual assistant is clever, since it clearly knows Siri is still no match for Amazon Alexa or Google Home’s abilities. And there was nothing in the event to suggest that Siri will be able to answer questions a lot better than she does today. Good morning! pic.twitter.com/iOQudekztJ — nilay patel (@reckless) June 5, 2017 In closing, it would be a good time to remind the disappointed folk that that Apple historically has never given everything customers wanted in any of their products. But still, these wish lists showcase people’s expectations (sometimes led by frustration) with hopes that the company to give them what they want. I think it’s about time those people realise that all of their dreams, no matter how validated, won’t always come true. The author has been writing about technology since 2007. He’s often conflicted between what Apple and Google have to offer. You can find him rambling about tech on @r0han. Publish date: June 6, 2017 6:36 pm| Modified date: June 6, 2017 9:55 pm Tags: Apple, HomePod, iOS, iPad, MacBook, WWDC, WWDC 2017 Also read WWDC 2017: Apple updates the App Store with new features and a revamped interface WWDC 2017: Apple plays catch-up with rivals X Recommended For You Snapchat user growth could slowdown in the second quarter of 2017: Analysts Amazon Echo open to Siri, Google Assistant, says Amazon’s senior VP of devices Flipkart offers massive Father’s Day Special discount on Apple iPhone 6 WhatsApp update for iOS adds automatic albums, quick reply and photo filters Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Tableau Jun 8, 2017 Tableau 10.3 adds data driven alerts, a pdf connector, and a smart recommendations engine #net neutrality Jun 8, 2017 Mozilla, Amazon among others call for Internet-Wide Day of Action to save Net Neutrality #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Facebook Jun 8, 2017 Facebook has decided to move WhatsApp data from IBM Cloud to its own data centres #AI Jun 8, 2017 AI robot gets below average scores in Chinese university entrance exam #3D printer Jun 8, 2017 Researchers develop self replicating 3D printer that can be used to build an outpost on the Moon SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 0.5 / 10 10 reasons why you need to get the CENTRiC G1 ASAP! Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Watch Live Yahoo News coverage of James Comey testimony Katie Couric and guests preview the former FBI director’s appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee Lawrence: Trump's Miscalculation With Comey's Testimony Yahoo View•June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The White House says Donald Trump won't invoke executive privilege to block James Comey from testifying before the Senate Intel Cmte. Lawrence O'Donnell argues that's a critical mistake for the president. Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android. About The Last Word with Lawrence O' Donnell Lawrence O’Donnell brings his extraordinary background in politics and entertainment to “The Last Word with Lawrence O’Donnell,” airing weeknights on MSNBC. Drawing upon his experience as a former chief of staff on the Senate Finance Committee and as an Emmy-winning executive producer and writer of “The West Wing,” O’Donnell gives the last word and rewrites the most compelling stories of the day. See More Check out more stuff on Yahoo View Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Mom loses 107 lbs to spite husband and mistress who called her fat 3,550 reactions15%57%28% James Comey testifies at Senate hearing 6 reactions0%71%29% Confession of LeBron: 'I'm drained right now' after another NBA Finals loss to the Warriors 684 reactions6%75%19% This Guy Wore The Same Shirt For Every Yearbook Photo For Seven Years 614 reactions11%76%13% Deadly military transport plane crash in Myanmar 16 reactions0%78%22% Young Londoner expresses support for Labor Party Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 154 reactions4%79%17% Live coverage: James Comey Senate testimony 116 reactions2%77%21% 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have products for outdoor summer fun 1 reactions Mystery Creature Spotted In California Foothills 181 reactions2%88%10% Fantastic photography of insects and water droplets 24 reactions26%62%12% Voters head to polls for UK elections 1 reactions Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 98 reactions8%68%24% Christina El Moussa Dating Businessman, Ex Tarek ‘Acting Out’ Source Says 1,253 reactions5%77%18% Oprah Winfrey Speaks Out On Bill Maher's N-Word Controversy 1,016 reactions3%64%33% Putin Has Most Putin Response To Whether He’d Shower Next To A Gay Man 2,694 reactions5%67%28%  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.8k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Interactive TV Market 2017-2022 Trend and Analysis Orbisresearch.com has published new report on “2017 Market Research Report on Global Interactive TV Industry”. The report provides information on Industry Trends, Demand, Top Manufacturers, Countries, Material and Application. In our aim to provide our erudite clients with the best research material with absolute in-depth information of the market, our new report on Global Interactive TV Market is confident in meeting their needs and expectations. The 2017 market research report on Global Interactive TV Market is an in-depth study and analysis of the market by our industry experts with unparalleled domain knowledge. The report will shed light on many critical points and trends of the industry which are useful for our esteemed clients. The report covers a vast expanse of information including an overview, comprehensive analysis, definitions and classifications, applications, and expert opinions, among others. With the extent of information filled in the report, the presentation and style of the Global Interactive TV Market report is a noteworthy. Global Interactive TV market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Sony, Apple, Haier, Hong Kong Skyworth, Intel, Koninklijke Philips, Logitech International, Microsoft, Onida , Electronics, Sharp, TCL, TechniSat Digital, Toshiba, Videocon Industries, Samsung Electronics, Panasonic, LG Electronics Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/312075 . The Global Interactive TV Industry report provides key information about the industry, including invaluable facts and figures, expert opinions, and the latest developments across the globe. Not only does the report cover a holistic view of the industry from a global standpoint, but it also covers individual regions and their development. The Global Interactive TV Industry report showcases the latest trends in the global and regional markets on all critical parameters which include technology, supplies, capacity, production, profit, price, and competition. The key players covered in the report provide a detailed analysis of the competition and their developments in the Global Interactive TV Industry. Accurate forecasts and expert opinion from credible sources, and the recent R&D development in the industry is also a mainstay of the Interactive TV s Market report. The report also focuses on the significance of industry chain analysis and all variables, both upstream and downstream. These include equipment and raw materials, client surveys, marketing channels, and industry trends and proposals. Other significant information covering consumption, key regions and distributors, and raw material suppliers are also a covered in this report. Finally, the Interactive TV Market report ends with a detailed SWOT analysis of the market, investment feasibility and returns, and development trends and forecasts. As with every report on Orbis Research, the Interactive TV s Industry is the holy grail of information which serious knowledge seekers can benefit from. The report which is the result of ultimate dedication of pedigree professionals has a wealth of information which can benefit anyone, irrespective of their commercial or academic interest. Place a purchase order of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/312075 . Major Points from Table of Content: Chapter One: Interactive TV Market Overview Chapter Two: Global Interactive TV Market Competition by Manufacturers Chapter Three: Global Interactive TV Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017) Chapter Four: Global Interactive TV Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Region (2012-2017) Chapter Five: Global Interactive TV Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type Chapter Six: Global Interactive TV Market Analysis by Application Chapter Seven: Global Interactive TV Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis Chapter Eight: Interactive TV Manufacturing Cost Analysis Chapter Nine: Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Chapter Ten: Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders Chapter Eleven: Market Effect Factors Analysis Chapter Twelve: Global Interactive TV Market Forecast (2017-2022) Chapter Thirteen: Research Findings and Conclusion Chapter Fourteen: Appendix CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer, Consumer Electronics, Consumer Goods Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017-2022 Global Violas Sales Market Segmentation by Regions & Application Next PostNext Shopping Cart Market Global Capacity, Production Status and Outlook 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Cypress Enables USB-C Proliferation in Notebook and Desktop PCs with Market's First Two-port USB-C Controller with Thunderbolt™ 3 Support Programmable, Highly-integrated EZ-PD™ CCG5 Controller Allows Designers to Easily Add Thunderbolt Alternate Mode and USB Power Delivery 3.0 to USB-C Ports in the PC Ecosystem News provided by Cypress Semiconductor Corp. 06 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article SAN JOSE, Calif., June 6, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Cypress Semiconductor Corp. (NASDAQ: CY), the market leader in USB-C, today announced availability of a new USB-C controller with Power Delivery (PD) optimized for Thunderbolt™ notebook and desktop PCs, as well as docking stations. The EZ-PD™ CCG5 controller is the industry's first two-port USB-C controller that supports the Thunderbolt alternate mode with Intel's Thunderbolt 3 (Alpine Ridge) controllers. EZ-PD CCG5 enhances the plug-and-play USB-C user experience, while providing Bill-of-Material (BOM) integration with features such as built-in protection against shorts and electrostatic discharge. The highly integrated controller increases the reliability of a system by integrating Flash memory that can store two firmware images for fail-safe boot. It offers the EZ-PD family's trademark programmability to keep up with evolving industry standards. More information on the EZ-PD CCG5 controller is available at http://www.cypress.com/ccg5. "The world's leading PC makers have been closely monitoring the maturity of USB-C controllers to bring all of the universal connectivity and fast charging benefits of the standard to their customers," said Ajay Srikrishna, vice president of Cypress' Wired Connectivity Business Unit. "Our new EZ-PD CCG5 controller is optimized to enable the broad scale proliferation of USB-C in desktop and notebook PCs, as well as docking stations, and has already earned multiple design wins with top tier PC OEMs." Pictured is Cypress' EZ-PD CCG5 USB-C controller with Power Delivery optimized for Thunderbolt notebook and desktop PCs and docking stations. The one-chip EZ-PD CCG5 solution minimizes bill-of-material costs for two USB-C ports by integrating 20V regulators, sideband (SBU) muxes, USB high-speed (HS) muxes, high-voltage power FET gate drivers, VBUS-short protection for configuration channel (CC) and SBU pins, dedicated hardware to protect the system against overvoltage, undervoltage and overcurrent fault conditions, and system-level electrostatic discharge (ESD) protection.   As the USB Type-C standard continues to evolve, compliance and interoperability pose an ongoing challenge, but Cypress' programmable EZ-PD controllers enable firmware upgradeability to keep up with changes and overcome interoperability issues. The EZ-PD CCG5 controller integrates an ARM® Cortex®-M0 and 128KB Flash with read-while-write functionality for firmware upgradeability. Product Availability The two-port EZ-PD CCG5 controller is now sampling in a 96-BGA (6x6 mm) package, and the one-port version is sampling in a 40-QFN (6x6 mm) package. The controller will be in production in the third quarter of 2017. More information on Cypress' USB Type-C and PD solutions is available at www.cypress.com/Type-C. About Cypress' EZ-PD Portfolio In addition to CCG5, Cypress' EZ-PD portfolio of USB-C controllers includes CCG1, the world's first programmable USB-C controller, CCG2, the market's smallest programmable USB-C solution, CCG3, the market's most integrated programmable USB-C solution, CCG4, the world's first two-port USB-C solution, and CCG3PA, the market's most highly-integrated programmable USB-C controller optimized for USB-C power sources. The EZ-PD portfolio was the first to support the latest USB PD 3.0 specification, which enables more robust end-to-end power delivery and charging solutions for laptop and mobile devices. The USB Type-C standard is gaining rapid support with top-tier electronics manufacturers by enabling slim industrial designs, easy-to-use connectors and cables, and the ability to transmit multiple protocols and deliver up to 100W of power. The USB Type-C standard's 2.4-mm-high connector plug is significantly smaller than the current 4.5-mm USB Standard-A connector. Follow Cypress Online Join the Cypress Developer Community, read our Core & Code blog, follow us on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn, and watch Cypress videos on our Video Library or YouTube. About Cypress Cypress is the leader in advanced embedded system solutions for the world's most innovative automotive, industrial, home automation and appliances, consumer electronics and medical products. Cypress' programmable systems-on-chip, general-purpose microcontrollers, analog ICs, wireless and USB-based connectivity solutions and reliable, high-performance memories help engineers design differentiated products and get them to market first. Cypress is committed to providing customers with the best support and engineering resources on the planet enabling innovators and out-of-the-box thinkers to disrupt markets and create new product categories in record time. To learn more, go to www.cypress.com. Cypress and the Cypress logo are registered trademarks and EZ-PD is a trademark of Cypress Semiconductor Corp. All other trademarks are property of their owners.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cypress-enables-usb-c-proliferation-in-notebook-and-desktop-pcs-with-markets-first-two-port-usb-c-controller-with-thunderbolt-3-support-300469181.html SOURCE Cypress Semiconductor Corp. Related Links http://www.cypress.com 05 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Cypress Reschedules Date of 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 31 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Cypress Reschedules Date of 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 31 May, 2017, 09:00 ET Cypress Streamlines the Design of Next-Generation USB-C Power... Explore More news releases in similar topics Electronic Components Semiconductors Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Consumer Electronics You just read: Cypress Enables USB-C Proliferation in Notebook and Desktop PCs with Market's First Two-port USB-C Controller with Thunderbolt™ 3 Support News provided by Cypress Semiconductor Corp. 06 Jun, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker Apple Tech The iPad takes a big step toward being the computer for everyone New, 291 comments As the MacBook Pro loses features and ports, the iPad Pro gains versatility and power by Vlad Savov@vladsavov Jun 6, 2017, 8:05am EDT share tweet Linkedin iPad Pro Image: Apple The iPad has never been a full-fledged computer. At its launch back in 2010, it was mocked for having a large screen without a typical large-screen operating system like macOS or Windows, and it was dismissed as just a bigger iPhone. But, as it turned out, people found a whole bunch of really cool and enjoyable uses for that enlarged iPhone, and even as iPad sales have slowed over recent years, Apple’s tablet has proven enduringly popular among those who’ve acquired one. At WWDC 2017, Apple underlined its commitment to pushing the iPad as its next computing platform, and for the first time ever, it even has me interested. In all the time it’s been around, I haven’t been able to answer the question of who the iPad is for. It’s often been the wrong question, mind you, as the iPad shows its strengths best when it’s serving narrowly defined purposes and applications: a sketching pad for some, a comic book reader for others, and a great way to show off pictures for all. But with the changes to how the iPad works in iOS 11, Apple is ready to answer the question of who the iPad is for in a bold and emphatic way: it’s for everyone. What this latest generation of Apple’s tablet represents is a maturation into a truly versatile and powerful computer, thanks to Apple’s usual mix of tightly integrated hardware and software upgrades. The new iOS 11 brings some grown-up macOS features to Apple’s mobile devices iOS 11 is a software update dedicated almost entirely to the iPad Pro. It brings better multitasking, drag-and-drop functionality, access to the device's file system via a new Files app, and even an auto-hiding app dock that works strikingly like the one in macOS. The app switcher from Apple’s desktop operating system has now made its way to the iPad. For so many years it was macOS that was leaching iOS features up into the desktop environment, but with iOS 11 Apple is taking on the harder task of bringing macOS versatility to its mobile devices. On iPads with 4GB RAM, you can now run three apps at the same time. Two side by side, one floating pic.twitter.com/QQgbQ7xRVo— Steve T-S (@stroughtonsmith) June 5, 2017 By itself, iOS 11 looks like a laudable advance, but it’d be an incomplete solution for people who’ve traditionally favored laptops, the incumbent one-size-fits-all computer of choice. People like me. But what’s happened over the past year is a vast, if subtle, upgrade in the hardware capabilities of Apple’s portable devices. The iPhone 7 brought with it the new A10 Fusion chip, which has ungodly amounts of performance and can legitimately rival Intel’s most power-efficient offerings for ultraportables and 2-in-1s. Now in its A10X Fusion form for the iPad Pro, this processor is the key that unlocks a whole new tier of capabilities and functionality from Apple’s tablet. During the WWDC keynote, I saw the new iPad Pro used with the Affinity Photo app to do some complicated image blending and reprocessing work, and every task was accomplished almost instantaneously. Apple has also upped the refresh rate of its new iPad Pro to 120Hz, which will mean even smoother animations while helping lower latency for stylus input down to a supposedly industry-leading 20ms. And yes, as usual for a new iPad release, the new 10.5-inch Pro model has the best and loveliest display Apple’s ever made. Why trade away the MacBook’s advantages? Because the iPad is smaller, lasts longer, and costs a lot less With performance that’s edging into laptop territory, and now software that’s bridging the gap to a desktop operating environment, the iPad Pro’s established advantages over something like a MacBook or MacBook Pro grow in significance. After the MacBook Pro was downgraded in terms of ports and other pro features last year, I’m now much more open to tolerating the iPad’s limitations in order to gain the benefit of its strengths. That would be things like better battery life, easier portability, and a substantially lower price, starting at $649 for the latest iPad Pro. One of these new 10.5-inch iPad Pros, with its reduced bezels and still vanishingly thin profile, is much easier to tote around than any MacBook Pro. Reducing the footprint of a device is much more impactful nowadays than shaving a few extra millimeters off its thickness, and I can envision a daily carry scenario for myself where an iPad Pro shrinks the size of bag I need to use. There are some really lovely and small camera bags — like the Domke F-803, for instance — that work really well with just an iPad slotted in, but struggle to fit a proper laptop. Well, now maybe I no longer need a proper laptop if I have something that’s close enough. Judging by Craig Federighi's excitement, iOS 11 on the iPad is by far the biggest news today. And I agree.— Vlad Savov (@vladsavov) June 5, 2017 Getting to grips with the iOS 11-powered iPad Pro at Apple’s event yesterday, my colleague Jake Kastrenakes noted that he never felt like he could move quickly and efficiently around iOS before, but the new version is the first one that feels like it could change that. I’m on exactly the same page: iOS has always felt like a more leisurely way to use a mobile device, not quite the lean and mean productivity workhouse that I could sculpt together in macOS. But with more robust split-screen multitasking and the ability to float additional apps and picture-in-picture video on the screen, I foresee finally being able to get Real Work done on an iPad. Being able to manipulate files in the self-explanatory Files browser is basically the tipping point: I get the extra degree of control I’ve always felt has been missing on iOS, and now I’m wondering exactly what I’d be losing if I switched to doing my research and writing on one of Apple’s tablets. Sure, I’d need to hunt down a good third-party keyboard, but there’s never a shortage of good accessories for Apple devices. By making the changes it’s made in iOS 11, Apple looks to have successfully attracted professional holdouts like me while still retaining its touch-friendly and accessible interface for the majority of others. Productivity in 2017 comes in many forms and sizes The computer I use most often at home is a Chromebook Pixel 2. Like the iPad, the Chromebook started off very spartan but evolved over time and gained just enough of the conventional OS capabilities to feel like a legitimate machine for getting work done. It's still fundamentally built around the Chrome browser, but it also has a file system, a basic photo editor, and a few other niceties that leave me missing only Adobe's powerful editing suite. This article is written on that very Chromebook, and the next meal I have will be paid for with the money I make from that writing, so I'm quite confident in saying that a Chromebook can be a professional computer. So why not an iPad? Some might point to the iPad’s lack of mouse input or external monitor support, but consider that even a fully specced-out $2,000 ThinkPad wouldn’t have those when you’re cradling it in your lap on a packed train en route to work. And unlike a Windows laptop, Apple’s iOS is designed with touch input from the start, so an iPad has the advantage of being tailored to situations of limited space. The inconvenience of working on the move is the iPad’s great equalizer. That’s also why I’m not too worried about the limited number of apps I can run side by side or the relative paucity of memory on iPads. Those limitations, which Apple is gradually loosening anyway, are less oppressive when working in a truly mobile environment. Productivity these days comes in many forms and sizes, and I’m starting to buy in to Apple’s premise that the next frontier for it will be the iPad, Pro or otherwise, rather than the MacBook, the latter of which got only the most token of spec upgrades at WWDC 2017. Another thing I notice from Apple’s promotional materials is that in almost all photos of the new iPad, there’s the Pencil stylus somewhere in the vicinity, hovering with productive intent. Of course, that’s not solely Apple’s idea, as Microsoft has pushed the idea of pen computing and 2-in-1 devices through its Surface Pro line for years, and Google has recently also joined in with the S Pen-equipped 2017 Samsung Chromebooks and its initiative to bring Android apps to Chrome OS. We always knew the future of computing was mobile — because the present already is — but this year we’re seeing what that means beyond just the ever-present smartphone. The traditional laptop clamshell is being broken up, styluses are all the rage, and the lines between mobile and desktop software are being eroded into nothing. This isn’t the final step to the iPad becoming a computer, but it’s certainly a major one. In this Storystream WWDC 2017: the latest news from Apple’s big developer conference Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop The iPad takes a big step toward being the computer for everyone A $29 holster for the iPad Pencil might be the most Apple product ever View all 48 stories Next Up In Tech Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none The 6 best new features in iOS 11 It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far YouTube’s gossip vloggers have created their own tabloid industry There are YouTube celebrities, so of course there are YouTube tabloids iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change Amazon has killed off its unlimited data storage deal Time to check you don’t have auto-renew turned on Apple still hasn't fixed Siri's biggest problem Calling everything ‘Siri’ doesn’t solve bad voice recognition Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 38. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 8 comments / new Honda reveals its plans for autonomous vehicles by Sam Byford The 6 best new features in iOS 11 by Ashley Carman 3 comments / new It’s impossible for Google and Facebook to be politically neutral by Vlad Savov 4 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content Fone Arena The Mobile Blog Menu Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Lenovo launches ThinkPad X1 Yoga, X1 Carbon, Yoga 370 and other laptops in India Lenovo has launched an array of products in its Think product lineup in India. Some of these premium laptops were introduced last year. The company has launched ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X270, ThinkPad Yoga 370, ThinkPad L470, ThinkPad T470, ThinkPad T470s, ThinkVision X1, ThinkVision P27h and ThinkVision T24i in India. The ThinkPad X1 Carbon has a ThinkVision X1 display with a USB type C port, new with Intel’s Skylake processors, thinner and lighter design. It also has a fingerprint sensor with a dedicated chip for biometric processing and new face recognition Infrared camera. It is available at a starting price of Rs 1,23,000. The ThinkPad X1 Yoga is the first convertible device with an optional 14-inch (2560×1440 pixels) Samsung OLED (Organic Light Emitting Diode) display, apart from the standard 14-inch (1920×1080 pixels) IPS LCD display. It also has an active stylus, which docks into the keyboard base and can be charged when docked. It weighs 1.27kg and is 16.7mm thick. ThinkPad X1 Yoga is available at a starting price of Rs 1,45,500. The ThinkPad X270 is an ultra-light device, which promises to offer 21 hours of battery life. It is priced at Rs 89,600 while the Lenovo ThinkPad Yoga 370 is priced at Rs 96,000 and comes with a 360-degree hinge. This 2-in-1 flips easily from laptop to tablet mode. Lenovo has also introduced 27-inch (3840×2160 pixels) UHD ThinkVision X1 borderless display, which is just 7.5 mm thick. It has support for single USB-C docking ability, DisplayPort 1.2 with support for UHD at 60Hz and has TUV Eye-Comfort certification. The ThinkVision X1 monitor is priced at Rs 45,000. The other in the monitor series is the ThinkVision P27h, which is available at Rs 36,000. It comes with a flicker free QHD display with TUV eye comfort certification. Author: Sneha Bokil Sneha Bokil is a tech enthusiast and is currently using OnePlus 3T but she still treasures her Nokia N70 (M). You can follow her on Twitter @snehabokil and on Google+ View all posts by Sneha Bokil Author Sneha BokilPosted on June 6, 2017June 6, 2017Categories Lenovo, News Post navigation Previous Previous post: 1More 1M301 Single Driver In-Ear headphones launched in India for Rs. 2799 Next Next post: Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) and Galaxy J7 (2017) with fingerprint sensor, 4G VoLTE, Android 7.0 announced Trending Phones OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Google Pixel Honor 6X Apple iPhone 7 Plus Nokia 6 Mobile Phones Nokia Sony Ericsson Samsung Motorola i-Mate Dopod HTC LG 02 BlackBerry Sagem Haier palmOne HP Spice Fly Apple Latest Phones Lenovo Phab 2 Lenovo Phab 2 Plus Lenovo Phab 2 Pro Motorola Moto Z Motorola Moto Z Force Reliance Lyf Wind 5 Featured Video Subscribe to FA on YouTube Recent Posts OnePlus 3 and 3T OxygenOS 4.1.5 update brings new features, optimizations and bug fixes Facebook launches disaster maps to help relief organizations after natural calamities WhatsApp for iOS v2.17.30 and later to get message recall feature soon Honor 8 Lite Battery Life Test Apple Design Awards 2017 winners for best apps and games announced Apple Watch with micro LED display expected ‘as soon as 2018’ Huawei Y7 Prime with 5.5-inch display, Snapdragon 435, fingerprint sensor, 4000mAh battery announced Moto Z2 Play with 5.5-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 626, Android 7.1 launched in India for Rs. 27999 Andy Rubin’s Essential raises $300 million in funding at a valuation of around $1 billion Moto Z2 with Snapdragon 835, Android 7.1 surfaces in benchmarks CategoriesCategories Select Category 2 in 1 3G 4G 5G Accessories Acer Aircel Airtel Alcatel Amazon Android Announcements AOC Apple apps Articles askFA AskFoneArena Asus AT&T Bada Battery test Benchmarks Bharti Blackberry BlackBerry World Blogging Bluetooth Brands BSNL BT Byond Camera Samples Canada Cases CDMA CeBIT Celkon CES CES 2013 CES 2014 CES 2015 CES 2016 CES 2017 Chaze Cheers China china Computex 2014 Computex 2015 Computex 2016 Contributors Coolpad CREO CTIA Datawind Dell Development development Digiflip Pro Digital Payments Domo Dual SIM EE Elephone eReaders EV-DO Events Exclusive Facebook Featured Firefox Fitness Trackers Fly FoneArena Daily FoneArena Labs G Five Games G’FIVE General Gifts Gionee Google GPRS GPS GSM Guides Handsets Headlines HP HTC Huawei Hutch iBall iberry IDEA IFA India Infocus INQ Instagram Photo Contest Intek Intel Interviews Intex IoT iPad iPhone itel Japan Japan Java / J2ME Jio Jolla Karbonn Lava LeEco Lemon Lenovo LeTV LG Linux Luxury Maemo Magicon Manufacturers Maxx MeeGo Meizu Memory Micromax Microsoft Motorola MTNL MTS Multimedia MWC MWC 2010 MWC 2011 MWC 2012 MWC 2013 MWC 2014 MWC 2015 MWC 2016 MWC 2017 News Nexian Nextbit NFC Nokia Nokia World 2009 Nokia World 2010 Nokia World 2011 Nokia-Siemens O2 Obi OnePlus Operators Oplus Oppo Palm Palm Panasonic Phicomm Philips Photo Gallery Platforms poll Press Releases Previews Qiku Qualcomm Reliance Reliance Reports Reviews Roundup Rumors Sailfish Samsung Sections SEE2009 Sennheiser Simmtronics Singapore Smartisan Smartron Smartwatches SMS Software Sony Sony Ericsson Spice Spice Sprint Swipe Symbian T-Mobile Tablets Tata Docomo Tata Indicom TCL Teardown Technology Tesla Three Tips Tizen TP-LINK Ubuntu uk Ulefone UMi Unboxings Uncategorized Uninor USA VAS Verizon Video Videocon Videocon Vivo Vodafone VR Wallets WickedLeak Wifi Win a Nokia E7 Windows Xiaomi Xolo YU Zen Zopo ZTE ZUK FA on Facebook Youtube Main Site Phones Gadgets About Media Coverage Advertising Contact Tip Us Twitter FB Youtube Fone Arena 2005-2016
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Tata Elxsi wins deal for self-driving car software Tata Elxsi wins deal for self-driving car software June 06, 2017 17:27 IST While Tata Elxsi will steer clear of building hardware sensors used in autonomous driving, the company is also working with large Tier-1 suppliers to co-develop sensors that will be work with its underlying software. Indian engineering design firm Tata Elxsi has licensed its software platform to one of the top five carmakers globally that will help hasten the development of their own driverless car. Tata Elxsi's middleware platform AUTONOMAI will act as an interface between the hardware such as stereoscopic cameras, radars and lidars and the artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning algorithms that will be trained to react to complex driving scenarios. The firm, which is part of the Tata Group, is already a Tier-1 supplier of software-based driving aids and assistance systems to some of the world's largest automakers. With the licensing deal, it is penetrating deeper into the upcoming autonomous vehicle sector that technology giant Intel expects to grow to $7 trillion by 2050. "We are delighted with this latest win for AUTONOMAI by one of the world's top 5 car OEMs (original equipment manufacturers)", said Nitin Pai, senior vice-president in marketing, Tata Elxsi. "Carmakers will need to ensure that self-driving cars are able to communicate with each other through technologies such as V2X, adapt to different driving conditions, receive real-time maps and over-the-air software updates." This also would help the company to increasingly generate revenue through the internet protocol (IP) than merely providing engineering services. While Tata Elxsi did not name the customer, the top five carmakers globally are Volkswagen, General Motors, Ford, Toyota and Daimler. As self-driving cars start appearing outside of closed test tracks and the roads of Silicon Valley, they will need to be trained to adapt to local terrain and driving conditions. AUTONOMAI promises to speed up this for automakers with its rapid region-specific adaptation capabilities by using AI and machine learning. Business Standard first reported in January that Tata Elxsi was planning to test its autonomous car on the roads of Bengaluru to build visibility for its self-driving car related products. The Indian firm has built two of its own self-driving cars to simulate and fine tune its middleware components such as AUTONOMAI. All large global auto manufacturers and even technology companies such as Google, Uber, Intel and NVIDIA are working on building autonomous vehicles. Tata Elxsi says it isn't going to compete with them but rather work with companies to speed up development of their own self-driving cars, trucks or any other type of vehicle. "What we're developing will be useful in many ways for OEMs and suppliers of parts. It will provide them with a platform to get more research and development faster than ever," Pai told Business Standard in an earlier interaction. This is right up the alley of the Indian company, which today does complete functionality testing of critical automotive systems such as anti-locking braking system (ABS), electronic stability program (ESP), the traction control system (TCS), hill ascent control (HSC), and hill descent control (HDC) for various automakers. While Tata Elxsi will steer clear of building hardware sensors used in autonomous driving, the company is also working with large Tier-1 suppliers to co-develop sensors that will be work with its underlying software. The company is also looking to cross sell its other software-based safety solutions through such deals. Photograph: Beck Diefenbach/Reuters Alnoor Peermohamed in Bengaluru Source: Tags: Tata Elxsi, AUTONOMAI, Nitin Pai, Business Standard, NVIDIA Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Toyota wants to ship left-hand drive cars from India Kia gets ready for Indian ride Why Chevrolet bid India goodbye Ashok Leyland has 3-pronged plan for electric buses Tata Safari Storme is fun to drive and has immense character French Open: Bopanna wins mixed doubles for maiden Grand Slam title Don't write off unpredictable Pakistan, warns Afridi Markets end marginally lower ahead of UK election, ECB meet 60th Birthday Special: The Best of Dimple Kapadia Class of '92: 25 years of SRK, Kajol, Suniel Shetty... Ever tried to get a PIN for your ATM card? Gau raksha has replaced sabka vikas All well between RBI and FinMin? Premji's salary fell 63% as Wipro saw drop in profits GST: Promise and reality Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Can't connect right now! retry Home latest pakistan world sports entertaintment business health Amazing Sci-Tech Videos shows GEO Urdu Tv . Radio. X Home Latest Pakistan World Sports Entertainment Business Health Amazing Sci-Tech TV Shows Videos Urdu .Radio .Tv Panama Leaks UK Election Gulf Crisis Nehal Hashmi Advertisement Sci-Tech Tuesday Jun 06 2017 By AAGENCIES WWDC 2017: Apple lifts curtain from new iPad, iMac, Macbook line up By AAGENCIES Tuesday Jun 06, 2017 Members of the media photograph a prototype Apple HomePod during the annual Apple Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in San Jose, California, US June 5, 2017. REUTERS/Stephen Lam   At Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) 2017, Apple unveiled an array of new products, features and software. The noteworthy highlights of the event were: • New iOS 11 • Updated Macbook • iMac computers • HomePod • iPad Pro • MacBook Pro Apple CEO Tim Cook in the keynote showed off new iPad and Mac computer models, as well as provided glimpses at coming versions of the software, powering the technology titan´s devices. The iMac desktop and MacBook laptop computers have also been amped up, having enhanced processors and memory. Along with upgraded versions of iPad and Mac laptops, Apple unveiled an iMac Pro work station that had the computing built in behind the screen and was touted as the most powerful computer the company has ever made. The iMac Pro is designed to be Apple’s flagship desktop machine. Aimed at high-end design professionals rather than the home market, the iMac Pro is to begin shipping in December with a starting price of $4,999. It includes up to an 18-core Intel Corp processor and an Advanced Micro Devices Inc graphics chip. Mac models were also boosted to work with virtual reality gear, a move by Apple into technology that Facebook has embraced with its Oculus unit. Apple told the developers they were overhauling the App Store, giving it a fresh look, and beginning to add the floor plans of shops and airports to its map program. The operating system for mobile devices will be getting a major update with iOS 11. A set of iOS 11 features including enabling smartphone cameras to read QR codes are aimed at the China market, where Apple would like to bolster iPhone sales. The iOS will be available from Autumn this year and features a "Do Not Disturb while Driving" mode. The mode in the updated OS turns an iPhone’s screen black and stops a user from replying to messages. The news regarding the latest iPad Pro comes with glad tidings, as the latest model will be replacing the 9.7-inch model with a 10.5-inch version. The Cupertino tech giant has introduced new iOS ll features for the new iPad. Apple said it had updated the processors in its iMac and MacBook Pro lineup to Intel´s most recent "Kaby Lake" processors. Apple will later this year release a "HomePod" music-centric smart home speaker, challenging a market currently dominated by Amazon and Google in its latest move to weave deeper into people´s lives. HomePod, aided by Apple´s Siri digital assistant, will be priced at $349 when it begins shipping in December in the United States, Australia and Britain. HomePod will take on lower priced Amazon Echo and Google Home, which have had momentum in the arena of voice-controlled speakers capable of controlling smart appliances, fetching content from the internet and more. It is designed to work with the Apple Music subscription service and can produce rich sound while tapping into the artificial intelligence power of Siri. Advertisement More From Sci-Tech: Sci-Tech Amazon lent $1 billion to merchants to boost sales on its marketplace Updated 8 hours ago Sci-Tech Amazon error sends some shoppers to dog photo, not product page Updated 11 hours ago Sci-Tech Video games deliver hope to Syrian refugees: research Updated 12 hours ago Sci-Tech Facebook launches disaster maps to help aid workers save lives Updated 11 hours ago Sci-Tech Apple makes iPhone screen fixes easier as states mull repair laws Updated yesterday Sci-Tech Uber fires 20 employees after harassment probe Updated yesterday Sci-Tech Trump's blocking of Twitter users violates US Constitution: rights institute Updated yesterday Sci-Tech Apple's iOS 11 to take Facebook, Twitter down a notch Updated 2 days ago Sci-Tech Apple debuts HomePod speaker to bring Siri into the living room Updated 2 days ago Load More Advertisement Latest view all Sports 5 minutes ago Dhawan, Dhoni propels India to 321 Sports 2 hours ago Rumman Raees joins Pakistan squad for Champions Trophy Pakistan 2 hours ago Afghan women's arrest: Main suspect identified by CCTV footage Pakistan 2 hours ago Pakistan will do all it can to diplomatically resolve Gulf crisis: PM Advertisement
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about Macworld's Digital Edition    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Macs iPhone/iPad OS X iOS Apps Accessories Business Entertainment Subscribe Resources Macs MacBooks Mac Desktops iPhones Blogs iPads Accessories Apps Audio Business Cameras Components Development Software Displays E-readers Home Theater iOS iPhone Accessories iPad Accessories iPods OS X Printers Networking Productivity Software Smartwatches Storage Styluses Home WWDC More Color By Jason Snell, Macworld | Jun 6, 2017 4:00 AM PT News Analysis WWDC 2017 keynote: Taking it all in Apple kicked off its annual developers conference with a software and hardware showcase that we’ll be thinking about for a long time to come. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Apple More like this Apple’s WWDC Announcements: What are the chances? macOS High Sierra: Features, release info, system requirements, and more iOS 11 FAQ: Everything we know about new Siri, Messages, Photos, and Apple Pay Video WWDC 2017: Our Top 3 Predictions In the movie The Princess Bride, after a series of exciting events, swordmaster Inigo Montoya is asked to explain what has happened since the film’s hero was rendered unconscious. “Let me explain,” he says. “No, there is too much—let me sum up.” When it comes to explaining the WWDC 2017 keynote, I feel a lot like Inigo Montoya. This was a packed two-plus hours that would probably run three-plus hours in the Director’s Cut edition. There were enough Easter eggs in the “additional features” slides to render the Easter Bunny catatonic. There’s a lot to process, and we’ll be processing it for the next few days—maybe even all summer. [ Further reading:The best home security cameras ] But in the meantime, here are a few big-picture takeaways from Monday’s Apple presentation. Apple walks the walk for professionals When Apple gathered writers together earlier this year to emphasize the company’s commmitment to professional Mac users, that seemed to be a mea culpa to pro users, with the implication that in the future, Apple would serve them better. IDG Apple iMac Pro will ship in December 2017. Monday’s announcements were, in essence, Apple walking the walk after previously talking the talk. Not only did the company announce the forthcoming iMac Pro, whose existence was strongly hinted at during that briefing, but it offered speed improvements across the entire line of laptops—including the addition of Kaby Lake processors to the MacBook Pro line that was only introduced eight months ago. According to most reports, the iMac Pro was designed at a point when it was intended to be the replacement for the Mac Pro. While its existence now makes me wonder exactly what role the new Mac Pro will serve in the Mac product line, the fact is that the iMac Pro appears to be a desktop computer truly focused on the needs of high-end professionals. I talked to game developers who were beside themselves with delight over the specs of the new iMac Pro. No, it’s not for everyone—this is a computer that starts at $5,000, after all—but it’s loaded up and ready for the very people who might want such a thing. And don’t discount the importance of Apple shipping those Kaby Lake updates. Apple’s sluggishness in updating Mac hardware to take advantage of speed improvements from Intel is a key reason why professional users have been frustrated with Apple. This set of speed-bumped models may not seem like headline news, but it’s important because it shows Apple updating the Mac in a more timely fashion. It’s a big deal—though Apple’s not out of the woods yet. It needs to continue to update its computers on a regular basis, rather than leaving them unaddressed for a couple of years at a time. Apple’s not sleeping on VR and AR Apple’s competitors have been trumpeting virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) tech for a while now, while Apple has remained relatively quiet. But no longer: Monday’s keynote made it clear that Apple takes VR and AR seriously and it’s investing in those technologies for the long haul. IDG A demonstration of augmented reality on an iPad Pro running iOS 11. Perhaps one day Apple will manufacture its own VR or AR hardware, but that day isn’t here yet, and probably won’t be for a while. That’s not a big deal, though, when it’s already sold millions of devices with cameras and a lot of processor power. The demo of the day was probably Wingnut’s amazing augmented-reality game play, which took place on top of a demo table on stage. We got a first idea about the possibilities for augmented reality last year from Pokémon Go, but with ARKit, Apple is providing its developers with the power to roll out many more high-quality AR experiences on iOS. It’s a big deal. On the VR side, the story’s a bit muddier. It looks like you may soon be able to actually play VR games on a high-end Mac, and the Industrial Light and Magic Star Wars VR demo suggests that developing VR games on a Mac will actually be possible, especially on the new iMac Pro. I firmly believe that in the long run, VR headsets driven by mobile processors will be how we use VR, but in the interim it’s nice to think that the Mac isn’t a backwater, but a platform that’s actually getting serious about being a VR platform. The iPad Pro gets its wings After seven years in the iPhone’s shadow, with iOS 11 it really feels like the iPad is coming into its own, diverging dramatically from the approach of the iPhone. With the new Dock, multitasking view, drag and drop, and Files app, Apple is bringing Mac-style functionality to the iPad, but in a uniquely iOS style. There’s a lot to digest about how iPad multitasking has been altered in iOS 11—the new multitasking view replaces both the application switcher and Control Center, for example—but in the end these are features that will be embraced by people who want to use the iPad Pro to get work done, and ignored by those who don’t care so much. The influence of macOS is undeniable: Files is a lot like the Finder, the Dock is extremely Mac-like, and drag and drop feels startlingly familiar. The influence of macOS is undeniable: Files is a lot like the Finder, the Dock is extremely Mac-like (but with Siri app suggestions instead of a minimized-window area), and drag and drop feels startlingly familiar. But that’s to be expected, because the Mac has evolved over the years to fulfill the needs of many users. iOS is newer, and still evolving, but its more serious users have those same needs. On the Mac, Finder is the default—the “home screen” for every user. On the iPad, that’s not the case, but the Files app is there if you need it. Apple Music steps forward, Siri steps back In gauging rumors about the WWDC keynote, I felt it was likely that this would be a major event for Siri. Siri definitely got a lot of screen time-—new voices and notifications, new proactive assistants in a bunch of places, and of course Siri’s presence on the HomePod—but none of it felt cohesive. In fact, it feels like Apple is continuing to chuck a whole lot of features into a box and call it Siri, despite the amorphous definition of what exactly Siri is. It’s a voice assistant, but sometimes also text. It’s not the same on iOS as Apple TV, nor on macOS as on Apple Watch. IDG Apple HomePod is positioned first as a home music system, then as a digital assistant capabilities. The announcement of the HomePod could’ve been a huge win for Siri. Here, at last, was a device that puts Siri into the center of your living room, ready to receive your orders. Instead, though, the HomePod was a showcase for music in general and Apple Music in particular. We heard a great deal about tweeters, woofers, audio processors, and the like during the keynote—and then there was a brief segment about Siri toward the end. What does this all mean? My guess is that Siri is such an amorphous catch-all of evolving features that Apple was reluctant to lean on it too hard in the introduction of the HomePod. Instead, Apple Music’s large library, curated playlists, and personalized recommendations carried the day. This isn’t a bad call for Apple to make—on sound quality alone it attacks the greatest weakness of the Amazon Echo—but it’s interesting to see just how soft-pedaled the Siri references are. Maybe Apple’s not as confident about Siri as we think it is? A jam-packed event No, there is too much. Let me sum up: When you, as a company, have four major software platforms and a gaggle of hardware products in need of updating, you have a day like Monday. It will take days, if not weeks, for all the content of Apple’s keynote to sink in. This is the opening gun of Apple’s product year, and there’s much more to be learned. But I’m impressed with the richness of this year’s WWDC keynote. Apple strikes me as a company with something to prove this year, showing a hunger that hasn’t been apparent in the last few years. That’s a good thing. I like it when Apple feels it needs to prove itself, to users and developers alike. The company is at its best when it’s stepping up to a challenge. To comment on this article and other Macworld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: WWDC Technology Industry iOS Macs iPhone iPad Operating Systems Jason writes about Apple at Six Colors and podcasts at Relay FM and The Incomparable. Before that, he was the lead editor at Macworld for more than a decade. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Macworld Macworld is your best source for all things Apple. We give you the scoop on what's new, what's best and how to make the most out of the products you love. About Us Contact Us Mac OS X Hints Ad Choices Digital Magazines Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Macworld CATEGORIES Business Creative Entertainment iOS Apps Mac Apps MacCentral iPhone/iPad OS X Podcasts Video IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld|iWorld PCWorld TechHive Permissions Try Macworld Risk-Free Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
International Business Times, Singapore Edition International Business Times, Singapore Edition News Singapore Customs seizes nearly 3,000 cartons of duty-unpaid cigarettes Myanmar military plane crash: Authorities find 10 bodies, debris Singapore: PUB says older HDB flats will get more water-efficient toilets for fr Researchers engineer stem cell-grown heart tissue to improve drug testing Singapore inks deal with Myanmar to boost partnerships for firms World Singaporean man dies in Perth car crash, family members taken to hospital Australian PM says Melbourne siege 'a terrorist attack' China sets up world's biggest floating solar power plant SHOCKING: Great Barrier Reef can no longer be saved 47-year-old Singaporean man arrested for assaulting Hong Kong police officer Asia Pacific Singapore Customs seizes nearly 3,000 cartons of duty-unpaid cigarettes Myanmar military plane crash: Authorities find 10 bodies, debris Singapore: PUB says older HDB flats will get more water-efficient toilets for fr Singapore inks deal with Myanmar to boost partnerships for firms Indonesian tax revision raises grouses, finance ministry revises plan Business Singapore inks deal with Myanmar to boost partnerships for firms Indonesian tax revision raises grouses, finance ministry revises plan Indonesian tourism industry takes blow from Qatar diplomatic row Malaysian palm oil giant suspends CEO and CFO, probe launched over PwC findings Singapore local businesses are getting optimistic for Q3 Technology Google Home glitch shows AI's vulnerabilities Samsung Galaxy Note 8 to keep Galaxy S8's 18:5.9 screen ratio Apple plans to focus on VR while keeping up encouragement for AR Apple helping UK government to fight terrorism, says Tim Cook HP introduces Accelerator: Will this external GPU enclosure please gamers? Sports Argentina vs Brazil, international friendly live streaming: How to watch Melbour Barcelona transfer news: Lionel Messi to agree new deal until 2021 Lionel Messi, Nicolas Otamendi to miss Argentina's friendly against Singapore: R Rafael Nadal vs Dominic Thiem, French Open 2017 semi-final live streaming: How t Asian Cup Qualifier: V Sundramoorthy banks on bench strength ahead of Singapore' Entertainment Kim Kardashian badgering Khloe for baby knowing she may not get pregnant? This Goblin actor confesses to being mesmerised by Gong Yoo's beauty Ben Affleck trying to steal Jennifer Lopez's heart from Alex Rodriguez amid chea BIGBANG's T.O.P has finally woken up after being close to death Selena Gomez sizzles in raunchy outfit for date with The Weeknd Health Fiber-rich diet helps in lowering risk of painful osteoarthritis: Study Italian coffee helps to lower prostate cancer risk: Study Ireland tops new global healthcare system rankings, Singapore in 21st spot 3D-printed ovaries can help infertile women get pregnant: Study Lifestyle In Pictures: Beautiful images of underground metro stations in Moscow Australia's Great Barrier Reef cannot be saved by current efforts: Find out why Learning Korean from K-drama: 10 favourite words from Korean dramas! Instagram rated worst social network for mental health: Find out why! Michelin to launch second edition of Singapore guide 2017 on June 29 Search News Technology Computers iMac Pro: Apple's $4,999 Mac for the pros June 6, 2017 19:00 SGT By Mario Manlupig, Jr Apple Apple has just provided the tech space a sneak peek to what it calls the most powerful Mac ever made, the iMac Pro. The company takes pride in iMac Pro as it is entirely made of high-end and ground-breaking components—from the display down to the processor. With a whopping US$4,999 price tag, Apple aims to deliver a premium performance with the device. Powerful performance, gorgeous design iMac Pro is built on Intel's next-generation 18-core Xeon, a powerful processor designed for heavy workflows. With its new thermal design, the device has a more efficient cooling capacity without getting away from similar thin iMac build. The 27-inch Retina 5K display that supports one billion colours makes the device gorgeous as ever. Apple's vice president of Hardware Engineering John Ternus says, "This will be our fastest and most powerful Mac ever, which brings workstation-class computing to iMac for the first time". Most cutting-edge graphics Apple is using the most cutting-edge graphics in Macs. The new Radeon Pro Vega can deliver up to 11 teraflops of single-precision compute power for real-time 3D rendering and high frame rate virtual reality. This is made possible by the graphics processor's new advanced compute core and up to 16 gigabytes of high-bandwidth memory. Apple "We reengineered the whole system and designed an entirely new thermal architecture to pack extraordinary performance into the elegant, quiet iMac enclosure our customers love—iMac Pro is a huge step forward and there's never been anything like it", notes Ternus. Advanced storage iMac Pro supports up to 4 terabytes of solid-state drive and 128 gigabytes of error-correcting code memory. It has four Thunderbolt 3 ports that can simultaneously support a maximum of two RAIDs and two 5K display. The device feature 10 gigabits Ethernet which means it can accommodate a networking that is 10 times faster than the base rate. Price As announced yesterday at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Jose, California, iMac Pro will begin to be shipped in December in the US for US$4,999. Related Apple's new iPhone ads blatantly mock Android Apple Siri speaker could be set for WWDC debut iPhone 8 is ditching the home button: Report Post Comment IBT TV Close Vodafone Foundation helps save mothers’ and children’s lives in one of the world’s worst HIV hotspots READ MORE Google Home glitch shows AI's vulnerabilities Samsung Galaxy Note 8 to keep Galaxy S8's 18:5.9 screen ratio Reality Winner: Late night hosts poke fun at alleged NSA leakers unusual name Apple plans to focus on VR while keeping up encouragement for AR Apple helping UK government to fight terrorism, says Tim Cook Follow Us: HP introduces Accelerator: Will this external GPU enclosure please gamers? Uber hires Apple's marketing star Bozoma Saint John Kaspersky Labs calls Microsoft 'monopolist' after allegedly disabling anti-virus program IPad Pro introduces 'world's most advanced displays' Pokémon Ultra Sun and Moon confirmed not coming to Switch Home News World Asia Pacific Business Technology Sports Entertainment Health Lifestyle About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 International Business Times, Singapore Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Pocket-lint search News Reviews Features Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home search Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA review: Chrome OS is about to enter a new league Andrew Williams6 June 2017Laptops Pocket-lint 4.0 stars £599 For High-quality screen, more powerful than most Chromebooks, attractive aluminium build Against Plastic trackpad, slightly weak speakers, a lot to spend on a Chromebook, Google Play buggy (in beta) Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment The main aim of most Chromebooks is to offer a decent computing experience for little cash. That price proposition is changing, though, with higher-end models such as the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA entering the market. The Chromebook Flip is a Chrome OS laptop designed to look every bit as fancy as an Ultrabook, albeit for about half the price, complete with a touchscreen mounted on a 360-degree hinge. That's a spec which, on paper, outshines many decent Windows laptops. If you're simply after a metal laptop on a budget, then the similarly priced Acer Swift 3 is a more versatile machine as it runs full Windows 10. However, as Chrome OS continues to develop can the Flip establish a more sophisticated Chromebook proposition? Asus Chromebook Flip review: What's different about Chromebook? Chrome OS software (not Windows) Google apps installed, ideal for lightweight work tasks Google Play support is in beta, and buggy If you've not yet used Chrome, it's a bit like Windows but is much simpler, designed to be used while connected to the internet and uses the same Google apps as an Android phone instead of, for example, Microsoft Office. It's a bit like Android designed from the ground up for use with a keyboard and mouse, rather than in a phone form. Pocket-lint The big shift going on in Chrome at the moment is Google Play support. With certain models – this Asus included – you can get access to the same app store as an Android phone, to download the same Android apps. Without it, Chromebooks otherwise only get a thin catalogue of apps available from the Chrome web store. There are a few games and some basic apps, but it's sparse compared with what you can get with a Windows PC. Asus Chromebook Flip review: Design High-quality aluminium casing 1.2kg and 13.7mm thick Hybrid 360-degree hinge The main design element that separates the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA from a much cheaper laptop is aluminium. Like a Windows-style laptop, the Flip's whole frame is made of the stuff: the lid, the inner part around the keyboard and the underside. Pocket-lint It feels expensive, which is the point. That pricey finger feel is no guarantee of good build quality, but the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA is actually better made than some Asus Windows 10 aluminium laptops. The screen and the keyboard are all very stiff, not willing to just bow under the pressure of a poke. The Chromebook C302CA is plain, though. You won't find any of the eye-catching finishes Asus uses in many of its ZenBook Windows laptops here. The Flip is also a hybrid machine, in that its hinge allows the screen to flip all the way around, making it a tubby tablet. Don't think "tablet" in the vein of an iPad, think "tablet computer" – the kind of device you might use to watch Netflix on a bedside table or read an article while you wait for the carrots to boil. Chrome doesn't yet offer loads of compelling reasons for a hybrid build to exist, but that's about to change with Android app support. But more details on that later. Pocket-lint Take away all the flashy metallic hybrid nonsense of the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA, and you see what's really important: this is a slim, lightweight laptop that you can take anywhere and start work on in a few seconds. Asus Chromebook Flip review: Connections No full-size USBs or video connectors 2x USB-C and a microSD On-case volume controls There are lot of Chromebooks that offer such portability, though. The Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA separates itself from previous models by using some up-to-date connections. Pocket-lint On its sides are two USB Type-C ports and a microSD card slot. Sure, some of you might prefer a full-size USB port or a full-size SD, but that's last season's swimwear. Just look at the MacBook: it doesn't even have a memory card slot anymore. Asus Chromebook Flip review: Keyboard and trackpad Good typing feel Plastic trackpad can feel 'sticky' Backlit keyboard helps night typing The Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA has some of the hallmarks of a laptop twice the price. Pocket-lint There's just one part that tells you this really isn't. Well, other than that Chrome logo on the back. Its trackpad surface is plastic rather than glass, and it's markedly higher-friction than a good textured glass trackpad. It is also less smooth than some plastic trackpads, such as the Acer Chromebook 11 N7's. Whether you'll notice or not depends on the kind of laptops you've used to date. If you've owned an expensive model before, you probably will. The difference isn't truly jarring like a badly behaved pad that hardly seems to obey your finger, but does let down the otherwise very good build. Pocket-lint The Flip C302CA's keyboard doesn't have such cut-price bits, though. There's decent key travel for a dinky little laptop, the keys are full-size and well-spaced enough, plus there's a keyboard backlight. We could happily use this Asus to type away on all day long. Asus Chromebook Flip review: Screen 1920 x 1080 resolution IPS LCD screen 12.5-inch, 1080p resolution Touchscreen with glass top layer Chromebooks are great if you want to save money. A £200 Chromebook runs much better than a £200 Windows laptop. However, cut-price Chromebooks often have pauper's screens, because great displays cost money. Pocket-lint The Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA has a much better display than the majority of rivals though. It's a Full HD screen, whereas a lot of bargain basement models have 1366 x 768 screens that are blockier and look weird at an angle. The Flip's display is much more like the display of a high-quality tablet, with a touchscreen, good sharpness and colour that seems fairly full and rich rather than weak and undersaturated. You normally have to spend a couple of hundred pounds more to get a Windows 10 laptop with this calibre of screen. It's a 12.5-inch screen so isn't exactly like a cinema you can take on your holiday, but it is easily big enough to work on all day without feeling like you're peering into a far-away porthole. This size also makes the Flip a great size for on-the-go work – it's big enough not to seem cramped, but small enough to be extremely portable. Pocket-lint Its top layer is glass too, used to give it a pleasant touchscreen surface. However, as mentioned earlier it doesn't yet seem like the most crucial extra in a Chromebook. Asus Chromebook Flip review: Software and performance Intel Core m3 CPU has more power than most Chromebooks A £599 laptop like this needs more to justify its cost. And while Google Play access is coming to the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA, as we review it you have to switch over to the beta build of Chrome to get it. Pocket-lint We gave it a go. Google Play runs and you can download whatever you like, more or less. However, mapping of both the touchscreen and the keyboard is broken. Tap on a touchscreen button and the right zone simply won't be where it should. But, hey, Chrome told us it was a beta feature so maybe we shouldn't complain. When Google Play support is fully integrated the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA should offer a lot more potential for fun, whereas right now it works best as a productivity PC. The important part of the Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA is that it is one of the few Chromebooks with a premium CPU. It uses an Intel Core m3, an ultra-low power version of a Core i3. You may think of that as a budget CPU, and from one perspective it is. However, it's a couple of leagues ahead of the Intel Celeron CPUs used in cheap Chrome OS laptops. Pocket-lint When you're just typing away in a Word document the difference isn't a world-changing. But it is if you start playing games: where the Celeron-powered Acer Chromebook 11 N7 stutters to about 3fps at certain points when playing retro Doom homage GoreScript, the C302CA stays at a rock-solid 60fps. This is one of the reasons we hope Google Play optimisation sorts itself out. The Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA could soon be a great little casual gaming laptop for titles sources from the Play Store. You need to have a little faith though, as right now there's not quite enough to really justify the better CPU. Not when the Windows 10 Acer Swift 3 can be had for a similar price and has a punchier Core i3 CPU. There's also a more powerful version of the C302CA with a Core m7 CPU, but when this costs £799 it gets a little too close to ultimately more flexible Windows laptops like the Acer Spin 5 and Asus ZenBooks like the UX330. Pocket-lint As Chrome OS branches out the 64GB storage will be worth thinking about more seriously too. In its current state it feels like a lot, particularly as the OS itself hardly eats up any space, but seems stingy in an £800 computer. And there's only so much a microSD card can realistically add. Asus Chromebook Flip review: Battery life Speakers are stereo, but a little weak 9-hour real-life battery from a 10-hour claim USB-C charging Finally, Asus promises up to 10 hours battery life. While it's more realistic to expect around eight to nine hours when skipping between apps and using the C302CA quite actively, we did get close to the promised figure when just playing a YouTube video for an hour. With the screen brightness at 50 per cent that hour drained 11 per cent from the battery charge, suggesting you'll get just over nine hours from a single charge. Pocket-lint It's all-day battery life, then, just without the stamina to flatten the longest-lasting Windows machines. Verdict The Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA is a Chromebook that feels like a £1000 laptop in many respects. Its all-metal case and low weight make it a good choice for those tempted by a MacBook or Windows machine for work while travelling, who just don't have the spare cashflow. A plastic trackpad does cheapen the Flip's feel a little, but you'll have to decide just how picky your fingers are. Otherwise the all-day battery life, decent typing experience, good screen quality for the price and prospective future potential from Google Play make the Flip among the most interesting Chromebooks available today. The main reason to hold fire right now is that Chrome OS may feel limited for something costing £600 and up. Android app support will help, but you need to have a little faith that this will work well with the C302CA's touchscreen and keyboard. That should happen soon enough, but you might be best waiting until it's out of beta if this is your main incentive to buy right now. The alternatives to consider Pocket-lint Acer N7 11 £240 A much more familiar kind of Chromebook, the Acer N11 7 is much cheaper, much less powerful and has a lesser screen. It's nowhere near as pretty or slim, but is still practical. It has an extremely sturdy plastic case and while its display is much smaller, it is still comfortable to work with. The keyboard in particular is very nice to use given the slow price. There's none of the glamour of the Asus here, but it'll do the trick for work. Read the full article: Acer Chromebook 11 N7 review Pocket-lint Google Pixel C £600 with keyboard This isn't a Chromebook but an Android tablet with a companion keyboard, although add that on and the Google Pixel C is actually the same price as the C302CA. It has a sharper, punchier screen and its Tegra X1 CPU is better for gaming. However, for day-to-day work we'd pick the Asus Chromebook for its more convincing laptop-like feel. Read the full article: Google Pixel C review Acer Acer Chromebook 14 £270 It's cheaper than the Asus Chromebook, but the Acer Chromebook 14 still has an aluminium case and, if you buy the slightly more expensive version, a 1080p LCD screen. Display quality isn't as hot, but there's no denying the Chromebook 14 gets you a lot for your money. As Google Play support arrives, you might want to consider the Acer's slower Celeron CPU, though. It's likely to struggle with some higher-end games given what we've seen from other Celeron-equipped Chromebooks. Sections Asus Laptops Best laptops 2017: The best laptops you can buy today Microsoft Surface Pro vs Huawei MateBook E vs Samsung Galaxy Book: Battle of... Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Which Microsoft Surface device is best for you? Surface Pro, Surface Laptop,... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? MacOS High Sierra: What's in the new software for your Mac? Will my Mac run MacOS High Sierra? Asus Chromebook Flip C302CA review: Chrome OS is about to enter a new league Apple reveals the iMac Pro, its most powerful Mac ever Apple iMac gets serious spec boost for 2017 Apple announces major MacOS Sierra update called... High Sierra Huawei MateBook X review: Huawei goes after the MacBook MSI GT83VR Titan preview: Gaming monster with a roar Apple iPad Pro 10.5 vs iPad Pro 9.7: Should you upgrade? Apple 27-inch iMac with Retina 5K display (2017) preview: Bright and powerful Apple iPad Pro 10.5: Release date, specs and everything you need to know How Android Wear 2.0 puts the Huawei Watch 2 ahead of the competition HTC U11 review: Flagship glory, with a gimmick squeezed in Monument Valley 2 review: Beautiful yes, but is it worth £5? Which is the best music streaming service in the UK? Apple Music vs Spotify and more Apple made a pair of sneakers once and now you can buy them How Xbox One backwards compatibility works: The Xbox 360 games list and more Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH IoT ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Satellite insurers ‘save’ $786m of risk June 6, 2017 Last Thursday’s launch of two giant satellites by an Arianespace rocket was a success in more ways than one. The launch saw a flawless deployment of two important satellites, including Eutelsat 172B and the massive ViaSat-2 craft for broadband-by-satellite operator ViaSat of Carlsberg, California, and the heaviest-ever satellite (at 6,418 kgs) built by Boeing. The Eutelsat satellite was insured for $241 million (€214.2m), and the ViaSat-2 insured for a thumping $545 million, and a report in trade mag Space Intel Report suggests that had the launch failed, this $545 million might not have been sufficient to re-build the ViaSat craft, such was its complexity. The insurance sector gets to keep the premiums paid for the cover which as well as the actual launch might have included payments for the first 30-60 days following launch, or beyond, to include pre-launch problems, failure in orbit, and damage to other satellites should a catastrophe occur while in orbit. But while the premiums are attractive to the insurance underwriters (just think how many house or auto premiums have to be sold to match the $786 million of cover on this particular launch), the competition for business is tough, and risky. For example, a specialist conference last October heard that the pre-launch catastrophe on September 1st 2016 when a SpaceX rocket blew up when still on the ground and whilst carrying a Israeli satellite cost the insurance sector a repayment of $200 million to cover the lost satellite alone. This, said experts at the conference, was enough to wipe out 20 years of insurance premiums on pre-launch coverage. John Munro, who heads up space projects for insurance giant Marsh, said that the entire pre-launch insurance market only generates $10-$12 million a year.  The remaining fees, covering the actual launch and first-year in orbit, cost around 4-5 per cent of the value of the satellite, depending on the rocket launch provider. Arianespace launch cover is around the 4 per cent mark, with SpaceX just a little higher, and Russia’s Proton system at the higher (5 per cent) end. Related posts: Space insurers have bad year Israel aims for satellite “rescue” Lost Intelsat to cost insurers $400m Spacecom seeks ‘pre-owned’ satellite Satellite insurers expect record 2010 You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Cisco VNI: Live Internet video to increase 15-fold EU Council adopts portability rules   Cable Europe welcomes subscription portability 66% of global broadcasters to offer UHD by 2022 Report: OTT transforming N. American pay-TV SiriusXM talks to buy Pandora back on Telefónica launches VoD service in Ecuador Gulf viewers deprived by diplomatic crisis SBS launches interactive TV advertising with Chio, 24i, Isobar and Carat Open Broadcast Systems named Rising Star at the TVB Awards 2017 Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    IoT    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
  Guru3D.com Forums > General Chat > Frontpage news Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics processor with 8GB of HBM2 memory User Name Remember Me? Password Frontpage news Perhaps you have some news to report or want to check out the latest Guru3D headlines and comment ? Check it in here. Search Forums Show Threads   Show Posts Advanced Search Tag Search Go to Page...   Thread Tools Display Modes Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics processor with 8GB of HBM2 memory   (#1) Hilbert Hagedoorn Don Vito Corleone     Videocard: AMD | NVIDIA Processor: Core i7 5960K Mainboard: X99 Memory: 16GB Soundcard: X-Fi - GigaWorks 7.1 PSU: 1200 Watt Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics processor with 8GB of HBM2 memory - 06-06-2017, 06:02 | posts: 28,791 | Location: Guru3D testlab The new Apple iMac Pro will be fitted with Radeon Pro Vega graphics solutions. Information published by Apple reveal more details.... Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics processor with 8GB of HBM2 memory     Hilbert Hagedoorn View Public Profile Find all posts by Hilbert Hagedoorn     (#2) BigMaMaInHouse Member Guru   Videocard: RX 470 NITRO+ Processor: I7 860@4.0Ghz Mainboard: Memory: G.skill 4X4GB Soundcard: PSU: Seasonic 620W 06-06-2017, 07:08 | posts: 56 Look - Thanks to AMD's competition you can get now Up-To 18 Xeon Cores in your iMac! Do you think Apple gonna pay Intel over $2500 for it- LOL NO! I am sure that in next big Refresh Apple going for AMD's EPYC. Soon Thunderbolt 3 royalty-free and Bye Bye Intel WalletRipper and Extremely harder to cool Intel `18C!. Last edited by BigMaMaInHouse; 06-06-2017 at 07:12.     BigMaMaInHouse View Public Profile Find all posts by BigMaMaInHouse   (#3) RandomDriverDev Banned   Videocard: 1080 / 8GB and 1060 / 6GB Processor: Xeon Mainboard: Memory: Soundcard: PSU: SeaSonic 06-06-2017, 08:11 | posts: 111 thats a grand way to reduce the value of an apple product     RandomDriverDev View Public Profile Find all posts by RandomDriverDev   (#4) rl66 Maha Guru     Videocard: quadro K6000+Tesla M2090 Processor: Xeon E5 2687W Mainboard: Asus workstation Memory: 64G DDR3 ECC Soundcard: none PSU: Corsair AX1200 moded 06-06-2017, 09:59 | posts: 1,383 | Location: France Quote: Originally Posted by RandomDriverDev thats a grand way to reduce the value of an apple product sadly not at all... would you buy an Apple if not over expensive ? Apple is always more AMD than NVidia since long time BTW.     rl66 View Public Profile Find all posts by rl66     (#5) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 06-06-2017, 10:49 | posts: 8,045 | Location: FLA,USA Quote: Originally Posted by rl66 sadly not at all... would you buy an Apple if not over expensive ? Apple is always more AMD than NVidia since long time BTW. No use bro. He has proven over the last few weeks he is just a blind anti-AMD troll. Bumest to just place in ignore.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#6) Romulus_ut3 Master Guru   Videocard: HD 7950 Vapor-X 3GB Boost Processor: Core i5 3470 @ 3.8 GHz Mainboard: Gigabyte GA-Z77-D3H Rev 1 Memory: Vengeance 2x4GB 1600 CL9 Soundcard: Creative 24 bit Live! 5.1 PSU: Thermaltake 650W Smart 06-06-2017, 11:30 | posts: 490 | Location: Bangladesh Quite the driver dev there.     Romulus_ut3 View Public Profile Find all posts by Romulus_ut3   (#7) Valken Maha Guru   Videocard: Forsa 1060 3GB Temp GPU Processor: Intel i7-4970k 4GHZ Mainboard: Asrock Z97 OC Formula Memory: G.Skill 32GB 2400 CL10 Soundcard: ALC1150 + X-Fi MB3 PSU: Corsair RM1000 06-06-2017, 11:44 | posts: 1,193 Cannot wait for us mere mortals to be able to purchase Vega!     Valken View Public Profile Find all posts by Valken   (#8) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 06-06-2017, 12:39 | posts: 8,045 | Location: FLA,USA Anyone concerned with the low ROP count?     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#9) vbetts Don Vincenzo     Videocard: Nvidia Geforce GTX 960M Processor: Intel Core i7 6500U Mainboard: Asus k501 Memory: 8gb DDR4 Soundcard: onboard PSU: onboard 06-06-2017, 13:21 | posts: 12,965 | Location: Toledo Ohio Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Anyone concerned with the low ROP count? It's not made for gaming so would this really have a huge effect on pro applications?     vbetts View Public Profile Find all posts by vbetts   (#10) Loophole35 Ancient Guru   Videocard: 1070 SC Processor: 2600k@4.8 w/ NH-D15S Mainboard: P8Z77-V Memory: G-Skills ddr3 16GB@1866 Soundcard: SoundBlaster Z PSU: TX850 06-06-2017, 13:26 | posts: 8,045 | Location: FLA,USA Quote: Originally Posted by vbetts It's not made for gaming so would this really have a huge effect on pro applications? Doubt the gaming variety will have a higher count as AMD does not have the capital to create separate gaming a professional GPU's.     Loophole35 View Public Profile Find all posts by Loophole35   (#11) Ryu5uzaku Ancient Guru     Videocard: 980ti gaming 1490/7700 Processor: 1800x 4.05ghz 1.35 volt Mainboard: Asus CH VI x370 Memory: 16GB 3ghz ddr4 Soundcard: Asus strix pro PSU: 850W SF platinum 06-06-2017, 14:08 | posts: 6,485 | Location: Finland Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Anyone concerned with the low ROP count? It should be fine considering 32 ROP is not limiting factor on 480 and 580 vs 290x with 64.     Ryu5uzaku View Public Profile Find all posts by Ryu5uzaku   (#12) PrMinisterGR Ancient Guru     Videocard: Sapphire 7970 Quadrobake Processor: Core i7 2600k@4.5GHz Mainboard: Sapphire Pure Black P67 Memory: Corsair Vengeance 16GB Soundcard: ASUS Xonar D2X PSU: EVGA SuperNova 750 G2 06-06-2017, 14:40 | posts: 6,682 Quote: Originally Posted by Loophole35 Anyone concerned with the low ROP count? It's not really low, and AMD cards have historically no issues with ROPs (see good performance in high resolutions). It's polygon count and shader utilization that bites them back. Even so, with some optimizations and the higher frequencies the fillrate should be ~GTX 1080, which is actually high, considering how almost all older architectures have had lower fillrates with no real issue.     PrMinisterGR View Public Profile Find all posts by PrMinisterGR « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Thread Tools Show Printable Version Display Modes Linear Mode Switch to Hybrid Mode Switch to Threaded Mode Posting Rules You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Forum Jump User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home General Chat     The Guru's Pub     Folding@Home - Join Team Guru3D !     Frontpage news     Digital Photography, Home and Portable Electronics     Tablets and Smart Phones     The HTPC, HDTV & Ultra High Definition section Videocards     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce     Videocards - NVIDIA GeForce Drivers Section     Videocards - AMD Radeon     Videocards - AMD Radeon Catalyst Drivers Section     Videocards - 3dfx     Videocards vs General Purpose - NVIDIA Ageia PhysX, GPGPU etc.     3D Stereo Gaming Section     Benchmark Mayhem Hardware     General Hardware     Die-hard Overclocking & Case Modifications      Computer Monitor Forum     Soundcards, Speakers HiFI & File formats     SSD and HDD storage     Processors and motherboards AMD     Processors and motherboards Intel     Network questions and troubleshooting     Laptops & Notebooks Affiliates     Rivatuner Generic Discussion forum         RivaTuner Advanced Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Overclock Application Discussion forum     MSI AfterBurner Private Beta access     Guru of 3D Clan General     Games, Gaming & Game-demos     Game Tweaks and Modifications     Consoles & console games     Operating Systems     General Software and Applications     Hardware Reviews and News     Programming/Html     Links Powered by vBulletin® Copyright ©2000 - 2017, Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. vBulletin Skin developed by: vBStyles.com Copyright (c) 1995-2014, All Rights Reserved. The Guru of 3D, the Hardware Guru, and 3D Guru are trademarks owned by Hilbert Hagedoorn. -- Aria -- Dark -- Fast Contact Us - The Guru of 3D - Archive - Privacy Statement - Top
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews All Reviews Editors' Choice Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Best Picks Best Picks All Categories Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Smart Home Devices Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Delete Facebook How to Download YouTube Videos How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Set Up Two-Factor Authentication How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router News News All News Features Opinions Fastest ISPS Fastest Mobile Networks Readers' Choice Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Business Choice Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path iOS11 FastestISPs AppleHomePod iMacPro HighTechCities Menu Home/ Opinions/ For a Crash Course in STEM, Head to a Maker Faire For a Crash Course in STEM, Head to a Maker Faire By Tim Bajarin June 5, 2017 10 Comments A HoloLens demo or coding boot camp could spark an idea for the next Google, Facebook, or Apple. For the fourth year in a row, I took the train from San Jose to San Mateo last month for the grandaddy of Maker Faires. Over 125,000 people trekked to the show to check out all types of products, maker ideas, and related services and to attend various sessions intended to help kids and adults alike become makers. The Maker Movement started out small some 12 years ago and had more of a tech focus driven by kids interested in things like robotics, electrical circuitry, and making one's own electronic gadgets. But over time, and thanks to Maker Magazine and Maker Faires around the world, the maker movement has picked up steam. Its makers focus on everything from bee keeping, quilting, and hydroponics to full-blown make-it-yourself electronic kits and tools, 3D printers, and wood and metal etching and shaping tools used to create robots, drones, mechanical engines, and much more. Maker Faires have drawn major attention from many companies such as Intel, Microsoft, Google, Avnet, Cognizent, Kickstarter, IBM, Oracle, and dozens of others. They understand that future employees may be wandering the Maker Faires of today. I first wrote about Maker Faires in 2014, and as I did then, I still get the greatest joy from seeing the looks on the faces of kids at the show. As they go from booth to booth to see all the exhibits, models, electronic tools, and kits that can be used to make their own creative dreams come true, their smiling faces and excitement are contagious. While the show attracts a lot of boys, I also saw many girls at this year's show and see a rise in their attendance every year. Related The Coolest Projects at Maker Faire 2016 The Coolest Projects at Maker Faire 2016 At this year's show, crowds went to see swimming drones, a bunny robot, a robotic giraffe, an all-electric Porsche 911, and the Microsoft coding booth, which was packed with kids. There was a VR slant this year, as Microsoft's booth featured its HoloLens and HTC had the Vive on display. What is really interesting about Maker Faire is that technology is not presented as math and science per se but as entertainment. For many kids in attendance, Maker Faire is their introduction to Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) and in many cases the Arts (STEAM.) These skills and disciplines are important to America's growth as technology will have a dramatic impact on all types of industries and jobs in our future. Kids today will need STEM- and STEAM-related skills to get work and become leaders or inventors of the future. Today's HoloLens demo or coding boot camp could spark an idea for the next Google, Facebook, or Apple. The next Flagship Faire, World Maker Faire, is in New York on Sept. 23 and 24 at the New York Hall of Science. If you can't make it, check out a list of other Maker Faires around the US. Back to top Previous : What Apple and Microsoft Can Teach Google and Facebook With HomePod, Apple Just Wants to Shake Things Up (For Now) Next : By Tim Bajarin Columnist Tim Bajarin is recognized as one of the leading industry consultants, analysts, and futurists covering the field of personal computers and consumer technology. Mr. Bajarin has been with Creative Strategies since 1981 and has served as a consultant to most of the leading hardware and software vendors in the industry including IBM, Apple, Xerox, Compaq, Dell, AT&T, Microsoft, Polaroid, Lotus, Epson, Toshiba, and numerous others. Mr. Bajarin is known as a concise, futuristic analyst, credited with predicting the desktop publishing revolution three years before it... More » More Stories by Tim What Apple and Microsoft Can Teach Google and Facebook Can companies that focus solely on advertisers create value for more than just themselves? More » Early Adopters Love Their Apple AirPods According to a recent survey, 98 percent of AirPod owners are very satisfied or satisfied with Apple... More » Alexa Is Nice, But Silicon Valley Should Focus on AR, Not Voice Although voice-activated platforms like Alexa will continue to grow and be important, it is my sense... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles How to Protect Your Privacy in Windows 10 Essential PH-1 vs. Galaxy S8: Sleek Flagships Face Off 10 Seriously Bizarre PC Designs The Biggest Software Flops of All Time 9 Creepy Sounds Recorded in Space by NASA 14 High-Tech Cities You'll Want to Call Home »See More //Discover... Hidden Tricks Inside Windows 10 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Hidden Apple TV Features You Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Reviews Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: HP’s new VR-ready backpack PC will be usable as a regular desktop computer, goes on sale next month 0 by Mehedi Hassan  @mehedih_ Jun 6, 2017 at 9:31 GMT2 days ago When HP first introduced the idea of a backpack PC, everyone is a bit sceptical. The company is making some crucial changes to the original idea, and it’s today introducing the new Omen X Compact Desktop that takes the original idea a step further. Similar to the original version, the new Omen X Compact Desktop is portable and you can take it with you wherever you go thanks to the $599 backpack accessory. The device includes Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 1080 GPU and Intel’s 7th-gen Core i7-7820HK processor which means it’s capable of powering VR headsets. You also get the usual 1TB PCIe SSD for the storage and up to 16GB of DDR4 RAM. That’s all pretty cool — but one of the main problems with the original backpack PC idea was the fact that you couldn’t use it as a regular desktop PC. With the new Omen X Compact Desktop, HP is changing that. The company is introducing a new dock for the computer which will allow you to dock the computer, connect it to a monitor, and use it as a regular desktop computer. HP is actually going to sell the backpack accessory and the Omen X Compact Desktop separately. The Omen X Compact Desktop goes on store shelves in July, starting at a whopping $2,499 while the backpack accessory will sell for $599. If you want to get the full package, you’ll have to spend around $3100. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Source the verge Related HP hp omen HP Omen X Compact Desktop Omen X Compact Desktop VR VR Gaming Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending White Hat hackers port Wannacry exploit to Windows 10. Thanks, I guess? by Surur 0 Trending Has the Surface Mobile made its first appearance? by Michael Allison 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 50: Skype gets Snappy and Microsoft releases broken Windows 10 builds by Andrew Bennett on June 2, 2017 The Windows Insider program had a major stumble this Thursday, Skype’s gained some very Snapchatty features on Android and iOS, and the cancelled Lumia 960 has leaked – among oth... Subscribe Now Advertisement Windows 10 Here’s a sneak peek at Windows Phone’s WordFlow keyboard in Windows 10 PCs by Mehedi Hassan on June 7, 2017 WIndows 10’s controversial WiFi Sense makes an appearance in Apple’s... by Michael Allison Microsoft brings its Fluent Design system to the web by Mehedi Hassan Microsoft possibly hid the Project Scorpio release date on a teaser video by Mehedi Hassan Everspace’s latest adds fixes performance issues and tightens controls by Asher Madan Advertisement Deals Deal: Save up to $280 on select HP PCs from Microsoft You can now save up to $280 on select HP PCs from Microsoft Store US. HP’s thinnest convertible Spectre x360 13 with a 7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor and 256GB SSD is now available... Deal: Save up to 25% on select SanDisk memory products You can save up to 25% on select SanDisk memory products from Amazon as part of their Deal of the Day promotion. For example, you can get SanDisk Ultra Flair USB 3.0 128GB Flash Drive High P... Amazon E3 Deal: 20% off select gaming accessories and more You can now get 20% off select gaming accessories from Amazon as part of their E3 sale. This sale includes accessories from Logitech, Razer, HyperX and more. Some of the products available o... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5/128GB and Type Cover bundle for $660 You can now get a Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SSD and 4GB RAM for $660. In addition, you can also get a Black Type Cover for free along with this purchase. You need to s... Deal: Save $400 on the entry-level Microsoft Surface Book You can now get the entry-level Surface Book device for just $1,100 from Amazon US. This Surface Book model comes with Intel Core i5 processor, 8GB RAM and 128GB storage. Surface Book weighs... Deal: Save $328 on Microsoft Surface Pro 4 bundle in the US You can now save up to $328.95 on Surface Pro 4 bundle from Microsoft Store in the US. This bundle includes Surface Pen, Surface Pro 4 Type Cover (Black), Arc Touch Mouse Surface Edition, Mi... Acer announces curved 35-inch 21:9 UltraWide monitor targeting gamers Acer has now announced Acer Predator Z35P, a gaming monitor featuring a massive 35-inch 21:9 UltraWide WQHD (3440×1440) 1800r curved display. A 4ms response time, 2,500:1 native contr... Surface Pro 4 receives a price cut ahead of the launch of new Surface Pro device Microsoft Store is now offering a discount of up to $150 on select Surface Pro 4 devices in the United States. For example, you can now get Surface Pro 4 with 6th Gen Intel Core i5, 128GB SS... Deal: Save up to £665 on Surface Book and get Bowers & Wilkins P3 Series 2... Microsoft Store is now offering a huge discount on select Surface Book devices in the UK. You can get £375 discount on the Surface Book Intel Core i7, 512GB SSD, 16GB RAM /dGPU model and a ... Microsoft Store announces deals for college grads Microsoft Store yesterday announced deals for the upcoming graduation season. These deals will be offered at both physical locations and online (microsoftstore.com). You can find deals on Wi... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Mumbai Rains #Champions Trophy #Raabta #Mumbai Crime #Farmers' strike #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Mumbai Rains Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news Crime News National MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Mumbai Rains Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Mumbai: Faulty dental implant puts 64-year-old on liquid diet for a year Man thrown off moving train at Palghar station for defying bullies ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Navi Mumbai headless torso Devendra Fadnavis BMC Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis News MORE IN SPORTS Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Champions Trophy: We won't lower our guard, Virat Kohli warns Sri Lanka Champions Trophy diaries: Rahane enjoys 'jhakaas' birthday meal in UK ToPICs IPL News Virat Kohli MS Dhoni Virender Sehwag Manchester United Yuvraj Singh Life & style Horoscope Dr.Love Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Cars - Bikes People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Mumbai Food: Savour traditional South Indian cuisine at this Mahim eatery Mumbai Food: Chef Sanjana Patel experiments with savoury flavours ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Television Hollywood MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Regional Cinema TOP STORIES Not 'Wanted 2', but Salman Khan and Prabhudheva to team up for 'Dabangg 3' Himesh Reshammiya and wife Komal granted divorce ToPICs Karan Johar Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Technology News PrevNext WWDC 2017: Apple launches iOS 11, updates to watchOS By IANS | San Jose (California) | Posted 06-Jun-2017Now Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ San Jose (California): Apple on Monday launched a bunch of refinements in its all four platforms -- tvOS, watchOS, macOS and iOS -- at this years annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) with iOS 11, watchOS 4 and updates to its Mac line of desktops and notebooks. The event started with Apple CEO welcoming the audience at the 15th WWDC in San Jose, the heart of Silicon Valley where Apple is building its new campus. Before making the announcements, Cook said that this year "it is going to be the best and biggest WWDC ever." Cook also praised the Apple developer community which has 16 million registered developers and added three million last year. He announced that Amazon's video app will come to Apple's TV streaming box later this year. The app will let users stream all the Amazon original hits. Soon after the announcement Amazon tweeted, "You asked (a lot). We listened. Amazon Prime Video is coming to the TV App and all Apple TVs this year." Apple also announced that watchOS 4, the next version of its smartwatch platform, will be arriving in September. It includes new features for watchfaces, such as complications updating based on time of day or location and a new Siri-based watchface. The Siri watchface uses machine learning to determine what information is most useful to you at a given point in time. Other new watchfaces include a kaleidoscope and new characters such as Woody, Jesse, and Buzz from the Toy Story movie franchise. WatchOS 4 will also bring updates to the watch's fitness tracking, including a new user interface for the workout app and new integrations with gym equipment manufacturers. Apple said that watch wearers will be able to link their devices with the gym equipment through NFC. Next up in tech is Apple's new version of macOS is called High Sierra which is launched with new Safari browser. Apple said that it is the fastest browser ever with features like autoplay blocking, intelligent tracking prevention that uses machine learning to block irritating content. Apple also brought file system and virtual reality (VR) to High Sierra. The tech titan also announced updates to its entire MacBook line giving its laptops more powerful specifications in the form of the latest Intel chips. MacBook Pros will be shipped with Intel's Kaby Lake processors and faster SSDs. The company also launched a new configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar that starts at a cheaper $1,299. The newly updated MacBook laptops are now available. Apple also showed a sneak peek into a new all-in-one desktop called the iMac Pro. Called as "the most powerful Mac ever, the new product will be available from December starting at $4,999. The new machine will come with an 8-core Xeon processor, with configurations that scale up to an 18-core Xeon processor and an all-new AMD Radeon Vega graphics GPU, up to 16GB of VRAM and up to 4TB for SSD storage. Cook also launched iOS 11 with over 10 new features. He said that iOS 10 had nearly 96 per cent satisfaction with 86 per cent iPhone users installing the update as compared to only seven per cent Android users who installed Android Nougat - the latest version of Google's operating system. The new iOS will now synchronize messages across iOS and macOS automatically. If a user erases a message on your iPhone or iPad, that will be reflected on the Mac as well. Apple also made improvements to Siri including making the assistant's voice sound more natural when responding to users. Siri will now be able to perform translations in various languages including English, Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish. Trending Videos Watch Video: Kareena Kapoor Khan's baby Taimur's peek-a-boo moment   Tragedy of actress Shikha Joshi who was molested and killed herself   Watch video: Riteish Deshmukh gets surprise gift for son at mid-day office   Download the new mid-day android app to get updates on all the latest and trending stories on the go https://goo.gl/8Xlcvr Tags: WWDC 2017 Apple updated software Apple iOS iOS 11 Apple updates watchOS lifestyle technology tech news lifestyle news Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Previous StoryTech: Apple introduces power-packed iOS 11, wireless home speakerNext Story WhatsApp closer to introducing 'Recall' message feature Related Stories Tech: Apple iOS 10.3 update now available Technology News | 28-Mar-2017 Is iOS 11 in Apple phones going to bring Group FaceTime Video Calling? Technology News | 23-Jan-2017 Apple releases iOS 10.2 software, adds new emojis and more Technology News | 13-Dec-2016 You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Watch video: Oops! Katrina Kaif suffers wardrobe malfunction Bollywood News|06-Jun-2017 Photos: Salman Khan parties with Iulia Vantur, family at Alvira's home Bollywood News|06-Jun-2017 Kajol, Sara Ali Khan, Priyanka Chopra: Top 10 celeb photos of week Bollywood News|06-Jun-2017 Mumbai: Doctor practising with expired licence issued notice National News|06-Jun-2017 Sara Ali Khan and Rhea Chakraborty are Bollywood's new BFFs Bollywood News|06-Jun-2017 Sehwag trolls Warne and Ganguly for 'sleeping on the job' Cricket News|06-Jun-2017 Photos: Meet the Punjabi bride who wore shorts to her wedding Hatke News|06-Jun-2017 Video of Shah Rukh Khan 'beating up' a TV show host goes viral Bollywood News|05-Jun-2017 Mumbai: 53-yr-old dies of infection from fungi in pigeon droppings National News|05-Jun-2017 Sakshi Chopra poses topless: Hottest photos of the bombshell Bollywood News|05-Jun-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented RBSE 10th Result 2017: Rajasthan Board Results declared at rajresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|3 hours Fatima Sana Shaikh gets shamed for wearing swimsuit during Ramzan Bollywood News|08-Jun-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 Babri Masjid demolition case: CBI court grants bail to L K Advani and 5 others National News|30-May-2017 Special Air India flight ferries bodies of Uttarakhand bus crash victims to Indo National News|25-May-2017 Miracle in Mumbai: Girl crossing tracks gets run over by train, survives National News|04-Jun-2017 Sanath Jayasuriya's sex tape with ex Maleeka Sirisena leaked! Cricket News|02-Jun-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017 Women of M2M Step Up to Become Trailblazers in IoT Each of these women have used their own unique knowledge, experience, and expertise to shape their respective companies. Carol Stream, Ill. (PRWEB) June 06, 2017 As women across the globe continue to shatter glass ceilings across a wide variety of industries, technology is no different, with new leaders in enterprise and the Internet of Things shaping the connected world. To honor these technology leaders, the editors at Connected World magazine are proud to announce the 2017 Women of M2M (WoM2M). The annual list enters its fifth year, celebrating a group of IoT executives who are helping drive the industry forward. The 42 women celebrated this year display a drive and intuition for thinking outside the box when it comes to developing and implementing new products and services within the IoT marketplace. Their willingness to take risks has allowed their company to remain competitive and relevant in an ever-growing industry. “Technology is changing rapidly, and so too is the role of women in technology,” says Peggy Smedley, editorial director, Connected World. “Each of these women have used their own unique knowledge, experience, and expertise to shape their respective companies.” The 2017 WoM2M include: Mala Anand, president/EVP, analytics, SAP Serene Almomen, cofounder/CEO, Senseware Gina Altieri, enterprise SVP, chief of strategy integration, Nemours Children’s Health System Beena Ammanath, VP, data and analytics, GE Aditi Banerjee, vice president of IoT, HCL Technologies Ayah Bdeir, CEO, littleBits Electronics Jeanne Beliveau-Dunn, VP and GM/chairman and president, Cisco/IoT Talent Consortium     Chris Bue, CFO, Rocket Wagon Margaret Burgraff, VP, Intel Lisa Calkins, chief strategy officer, Exadel Liz Centoni, SVP/GM, Computing Systems Product Group, Cisco Nadine Ciro, CEO and Inventor, Tyga-Box Systems Pamela Cortez, program manager evangelist, IoT, Microsoft Geetha Dabir, CTO, Weir Group Sam De Brouwer, cofounder/COO, doc.ai Aicha Evans, SVP/chief strategy officer, Intel Noel Fleet, lead engineer, SAM Car, Arrow Electronics Limor Fried, founder, Adafruit Sara Gardner, CTO, Hitachi Insight Group     Debbie Gregory, senior clinical consultant for the Tech Group, Smith Seckman Reid Mayumi Hiramatsu, transformative technology executive, Infor Shanthi Iyer, VP, information technology, Cisco Elisa Jagerson, CEO, Speck Design Anjali Joshi, VP, product management, Google      Hannah Kain, president and CEO, ALOM Scarlett King, director, IoT Solutions, Bosch Vanitha Kumar, VP, SW engineering, Qualcomm Juliann Larimer, VP/GM, North America Sales, Zebra Technologies Angie Lienert, president/CEO, IntelliGenesis Kathleen Mitford, executive leadership, PTC Caralynn Nowinski Collens, CEO, UI LABS Meredith Perry, founder/CEO, uBeam     Gayathri Rajan, VP, product management, Google Jane Ren, founder/CEO, Atomiton Beverly Rider, chief commercial officer, Current Lighting and Intelligent Solutions, GE Leigh Ann Ryals, cofounder/COO, Able Device Avni Shah, VP, product management, Google Emily Soelberg, AVP, IoT Solutions, AT&T Lisa Steffes, president/CEO, brightpeak financial Dipti Vachani, VP/GM, IoT Group, Intel Jie Xue, VP, technology and quality, Cisco Tamar Yehoshua, VP, product management, Search, Google     This year’s winners will be honored at a dinner being held Thursday, June 22 at 7 pm at Carlucci’s Rosemont. Read more about this year’s honorees on the Connected World Website. About Connected World magazine Connected World is the business and technology publication that provides the intelligence industry titans need and the guidance consumers crave. It’s all about M2M and IoT. connectedworld.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Netilmicin sulfate Market 2022: Projected to exceed Global Market Income, Shares and competitive landscape. Next PostNext 3dcart Launches a New Learning Resource for eCommerce: 3dcart Answers Search Recent Posts Power Generation, Transmission and Control Manufacturing Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Power Generation, Transmission and Control Manufacturing Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Power Generation, Transmission and Control Manufacturing Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Power Generation, Transmission and Control Manufacturing Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 Power Generation, Transmission and Control Manufacturing Market 2017 Top Key Players, Driver, Outlook, Growth, Supply, Demand, Analysis and Research Forecast Report to 2022 RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe ▲ Learn more about PCWorld's Digital Editions    🔎 Home News Reviews How-To Video Business Laptops Tablets Phones Hardware Security Software Gadgets Subscribe Resources PCs Phones Printers Ultrabooks Blogs Viruses Cameras Components Computer Accessories Consumer Advice Displays E-readers Flash Drives Graphics Cards Hard Drives Home Theater Input Devices Keyboards Laptop Accessories Mobile Networking Operating Systems Optical Drives Processors Servers Smartwatches Streaming Services Storage Tablets Windows Home PCs News HP's Omen X Compact Desktop can morph into a backpack VR PC The included dock emphasizes the desktop side of its talents. Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. By Gordon Mah Ung Executive Editor, PCWorld | Jun 6, 2017 2:00 AM PT Credit: Melissa Riofrio / IDG More like this HP's Omen X VR backpack PC will ship in June HP reboots Omen desktop with more of what gamers love HP Omen laptops include a first: Nvidia Max-Q graphics technology Video How a motherboard is made HP’s Omen X Compact Desktop was purely a VR backpack PC in a past life. For this generation, it’s branching out—perhaps because VR gaming hasn’t exactly set the world on fire. Instead, HP is emphasizing how this new generation, announced Tuesday, is actually a desktop with backpack special powers.  The Omen X Compact Desktop is expected to ship in late July. The $2,499 configuration will include Intel’s 7th-generation Kaby Lake mobile quad-core Core i7, 16GB of DDR4 RAM, a factory-overclocked GeForce GTX 1080 GPU, and a 1TB PCIe SSD. HP You get plenty of ports on the Omen X Compact Desktop. Ports on the PC itself include four USB Type A ports and one USB 3.1 Type C/Thunderbolt 3 port, a combo audio jack, HDMI 2.0, mini DisplayPort, and a Vive power-out port for the VR headset. The included, hot-swappable Dock adds five more USB Type A ports and one more USB Type C, ethernet, HDMI 2.0, and DisplayPort. [ Further reading: These 20 absorbing PC games will eat days of your life ] Add the optional $599 backpack harness, and you can convert the Omen X Compact Desktop into a full-on tetherless VR gaming machine. The backpack comes with four batteries, a battery charging dock, and a shortened headset cable for HTC’s Vive. The shortened cable is a nice touch, as the standard 16-foot Vive cable would be cumbersome when used with a backpack PC. HP also said it angled the vents to direct exhaust heat away from the user’s body. HP You can run the Omen X Compact Desktop in backpack mode or hot-dock it for desktop mode. The four 73-watt-hour cells are hot-swappable. You use two to power the Omen X Compact Desktop for up to an hour. If the battery charger can charge the other two batteries in less than hour, you could, in theory, game indefinitely. Even if the total weight of the backpack and batteries is less than 10 pounds, though, it’s likely you’ll want to put this puppy back in the Dock after a while, perhaps for a restful session of traditional PC gaming.   Why this matters: The Omen X Compact Desktop acknowledges the reality of VR gaming: It's something you do occasionally, and the rest of the time you need your PC for other things. The Dock lets this PC be more versatile while keeping its options open as VR continues to mature.  To comment on this article and other PCWorld content, visit our Facebook page or our Twitter feed. Related: PCs Gaming Hardware HP One of founding fathers of hardcore tech reporting, Gordon has been covering PCs and components since 1998. Follow You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon PCWorld PCWorld helps you navigate the PC ecosystem to find the products you want and the advice you need to get the job done. About Us Contact Us Digital Edition Customer Service Gift Subscription Ad Choices Newsletters Privacy Policy RSS Terms of Service Agreement E-commerce Affiliate Relationships PCWorld CATEGORIES Business Laptops Mobile PC Hardware Printers Security Software Videos Windows IDG Network Sites Advertise Careers at IDG Creative Lab IDG Permissions IDG Consumer & SMB Knowledge Hub Macworld TechHive Get PCWorld's Digital Editions Subscribe Now Follow us    Visit other IDG sites: Select One CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDG Connect IDG TechNetwork IDG.tv InfoWorld IT News ITworld JavaWorld Network World PC World TechHive The Industry Standard Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Microsoft Gaming HP releases new Omen gaming PCs with AMD Ryzen and swappable hard drives New, 2 comments Now with even more red LEDs by Jacob Kastrenakes Jun 6, 2017, 5:00am EDT Photography by Amelia Holowaty Krales share tweet Linkedin HP got back into gaming last year with the debut of its Omen line of gaming PCs, and today the product line is getting a series of updates. The most notable is a backpack PC for VR gaming, but HP is also releasing three much more traditional PCs with brand-new designs: a desktop, a 15-inch laptop, and a 17-inch laptop. The Omen Desktop is meant to be a really scalable option for gamers who don't feel like building their own machine. It starts at $899 and includes a GeForce GTX 1050 graphics card and a choice between Intel’s Core i and AMD’s Ryzen processors. The desktop can be configured up to nearly $3,000, at which point it’ll have dual GTX 1080 Tis or dual Radeon RX 580s. There are a few nice tweaks to this year's design of the Omen Desktop. It has two cold swappable hard drive slots on the front; its side can just pop open for tinkering; and it can now be configured with dual graphics cards, unlike last year’s model. The new desktop goes on sale June 6th. HP is also releasing new designs for its 15- and 17-inch Omen Laptops. They look even more gamer-y than they did last year, with what HP describes as “fighter jet and spacecraft-inspired designs.” They will not make you many friends at coffee shops. The 15-inch model can be configured with up to either a Radeon RX 550 or a GeForce GTX 1060; the 17-inch model maxes out at a GTX 1070 or RX 580. Both laptops have Kaby Lake chips, a red keyboard backlight, and several display options: 4K, 1080p with G-Sync, or 1080p with FreeSync. The laptops’ hard drives and RAM are also user upgradable. Both laptops go on sale June 28th. The 15-inch starts at $999.99, and the 17-inch starts at $1,099.99. At those starting prices, they’re avoiding some of the more formidable gaming laptops — but that also means that, like the Omen Desktop, they seem to be designed more to scale up to many different price and power points, rather than optimize for one sweet spot. Correction June 6th, 11:27AM ET: The Omen Desktop’s hard drives are cold swappable, not hot swappable, as initially stated. Next Up In Circuit Breaker Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none Roli's Seaboard Block is a $299 multitouch keyboard that works with your phone Logitech’s new blue camo gaming headphones are perfect for underwater stealth levels This vintage pair of Apple sneakers is being auctioned off for $15,000 iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Now Trending iMac 2017 first look: perspectives from a pro video editor Worth the upgrade — so far YouTube’s gossip vloggers have created their own tabloid industry There are YouTube celebrities, so of course there are YouTube tabloids iOS 11’s new volume indicator is the biggest tiny change no one’s talking about Well, this is a welcome change Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 13. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Shadow of War’s new story trailer sets the stage for the battle over Mordor by Chaim Gartenberg Amazon is making it easier for cable companies to add Alexa voice commands by James Vincent Drag and drop on iOS is more powerful than it's ever been on the desktop by Paul Miller Apple’s HomePod looks like a jack-of-all-trades, but master of none by Chaim Gartenberg 9 comments / new Honda reveals its plans for autonomous vehicles by Sam Byford The 6 best new features in iOS 11 by Ashley Carman 3 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter CloseSign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Search Search Facebook Twitter Newsletter Linkedin Sections Secondary menu Trending Apple Watch Kodi Oculus Rift Samsung Galaxy S7 Sky Q iPad Pro iPhone 7 Apple overhauls its iMac and MacBook range at WWDC 2017 Apple With no consideration for the poor journalists covering the event, Apple has announced updates to the Macbook and iMac line Alan Martin @alan_p_martin 6 Jun 2017 whatsapp facebook twitter google+ linkedin reddit email Apple has decided to simultaneously treat its fans, and give journalists covering the event a nervous breakdown in one fell swoop. The headline you see above is on its fourth iteration, because every time I go to write up what I’ve just heard, they go and announce something else. It’s very inconsiderate. See related  MacOS High Sierra: First look at Apple’s updated operating system Still, my discomfort is also good news for Apple fans, because there’s an awful lot to go through. Let’s go through this point by point. New iMacs for 2017 The iMacs get their first updates in nearly two years, and it's worth the wait. Not only do all the iMacs get 7th generation Kaby Lake Intel processors, but the big screen they’re known for is described as “the best Mac display ever” with a whopping 500 nits of brightness. Starting from £1,049 for the 21.5in iMac or £1,749 for the 27in 5K model, they’re now pretty damned powerful. The (comparatively) dinky Mac can have up to 32GB RAM, backed by the Radeon Pro 560 graphics card. The top of the range 27in version, on the other hand, can go all the way up to 64GB RAM paired with the Radeon Pro 580 - meaning Mac will support VR for the first time, with a little help from the latest version of macOS: High Sierra. Though it will set you back £2,249. But hey, if that leaves you feeling underwhelmed, and you have $4,999 burning a hole in your pocket then Apple would like that please. What will you get in return? The space grey iMac Pro, “the most powerful Mac ever.” You’ll have to wait until December for it, but if you do, you’ll be rewarded with an 8-core Xeon processor and the AMD Radeon Vega GPU. Oh, you didn’t think five grand was the top-of-the-range, did you? Oh you poor naive fool: you can scale this up to include an 18-core Xeon processor, but that price is only going in one direction. Better start saving. MacBooks get a Kaby Lake boost All the MacBook Pros and the MacBook are getting new Kaby Lake processors. On top of that, as a pleasingly refreshing chaser to the wallet busting iMac Pro, the entry-level MacBook Pro without touchbar now starts at £1,249 - the same price as the MacBook. Even the much-neglected MacBook Air range gets a modest speed boost with a faster Intel processor - though the company barely gave it a mention. Still: looks like it’s hanging around a little longer as an entry level product, even if Apple has decided not to give it a screen upgrade or any extra ports. Everything bar the iMac Pro is shipping from today, so fill your boots. Read more about: Laptops PCs You are here: Home Apple Apple overhauls its iMac and MacBook range at WWDC 2017 Most Popular Draw the cats of your nightmares using machine learning 24 Feb 2017 Art Future supreme court justice stumped by Reddit meme 22 Mar 2017 Politics i.Con wants to be the Fitbit for your penis 3 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Netflix’s interactive experiment is (a) Good (b) Bad 9 Mar 2017 Netflix This e-paper wall calendar prototype is simple but brilliant 23 Mar 2017 Life & Culture Here's how to get the latest version of Kodi 19 May 2017 Software Huawei MateBook X review: almost the perfect ultraportable 4 5 Jun 2017 Intel Tesla Model 3: All you need to know 23 May 2017 Cars 63 Android apps you need: Supercharge your phone 2 Jun 2017 Google The 14 essential PS4 games to own in 2017 30 May 2017 Sony Technology Devices, software, wearables and more Tesla Model Y: Elon Musk's new SUV revealed. Sort of The Tesla Model Y will be here by 2020 8 Jun 2017 Cars Audi wants to answer the ethical dilemmas of driverless cars Audi's Beyond initiative will help answer the question nobody wants to ask 7 Jun 2017 Cars HTC U11 review: A fantastic phone, beyond the gimmick 5 Shiny but pricey; HTC once again falls into the Samsung comparison trap 7 Jun 2017 HTC The OnePlus 5 will launch on 20 June The follow-up to Alphr’s favourite two phones of 2016 is just around the corner 7 Jun 2017 OnePlus Business How technology is changing your work HeadBox signs up Dentsu Aegis for personalised platform HeadBox, the "Airbnb for venues" has signed up a major corporate client 8 Jun 2017 Startups 7 observations from the IoT World Forum 2017 Cisco’s Internet of Things World Forum was a timely reminder of just how big IoT is… and how much bigger it can get 26 May 2017 Business Just a few days left to apply for Apple's Developer Academy Apple’s first European Academy will be providing training on iOS development to those from a wealth of backgrounds 26 May 2017 Apple Raspberry Pi just extended its reach for young coders Raspberry Pi’s new merger gives it the scope to reach 185,000 children across the globe 26 May 2017 Raspberry Pi Science Developments from the frontiers of science Annoy a raven, and it’ll shun you for at least a month Quoth the raven: “Nevermore... am I trusting you, you big jerk” 7 Jun 2017 Bioscience The clever tech keeping South African rhinos alive Rhino poaching rates have dropped 96% in a year 5 Jun 2017 Environment Scientists read monkey minds to draw precise human portraits Facial reconstructions created by reading brainwaves are astonishingly close 5 Jun 2017 Bioscience "Miracle material" could end smashed smartphones Research creates new material that could make more durable devices and boost battery life 5 Jun 2017 Science Cars The cutting edge of automotive technology Tesla Model Y: Elon Musk's new SUV revealed. Sort of The Tesla Model Y will be here by 2020 8 Jun 2017 Cars Audi wants to answer the ethical dilemmas of driverless cars Audi's Beyond initiative will help answer the question nobody wants to ask 7 Jun 2017 Cars New Jaguar I-Pace Concept: All you need to know This all-electric Jaguar SUV is coming VERY soon 5 Jun 2017 Cars Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet Lexus has finally made an exciting hybrid car 1 Jun 2017 Cars Life & Culture How technology is changing our everyday lives Labour is winning the fight for Google searches Google searches seem to follow the broad narrative of the election campaign so far 7 Jun 2017 Politics Russia 'hacked voting systems before US election' Voter registration official also targeted by nation state - report 6 Jun 2017 Politics Wipeout Omega Collection is the series at its absolute best 5 Sony brings back its oldest IP in a blaze of 4K HDR glory 5 Jun 2017 Games Theresa May calls for internet crackdown in light of attack Former home secretary returns to the encryption battle again 5 Jun 2017 Politics The Future The world of 20 years from now Microsoft has built a holographic display for your glasses Move over HoloLens – this is the future of augmented-reality glasses 22 May 2017 Microsoft Microsoft CEO: It’s a developer's duty to prevent dystopia Microsoft’s CEO highlights Nineteen Eighty-Four and A Brave New World as examples of futures best avoided 11 May 2017 The Future Skyscraper competition gives a glimpse of the future Winners of international competition show utopian visions for futuristic cities 28 Apr 2017 The Future Neuralink: Musk's new plan to turn us into computers Neuralink might be the most sci-fi project yet from Elon Musk 28 Mar 2017 The Future Latest Reviews HTC U11 review: A fantastic phone, beyond the gimmick 7 Jun 2017 HTC Wipeout Omega Collection is the series at its absolute best 5 Jun 2017 Games Huawei MateBook X review: almost the perfect ultraportable 5 Jun 2017 Intel Tekken 7 review: Faster, Stronger, Sillier 2 Jun 2017 Games DJI Spark review: Hands-on with the ultimate selfie drone 2 Jun 2017 Technology Lexus LC500h review: We drive the best Lexus hybrid yet 1 Jun 2017 Cars Nokia 3310 review: A millennium throwback best left there 1 Jun 2017 Nokia BMW i8 review: Hybrid power redefines the supercar 25 May 2017 Cars New Nissan Micra review: Tech trickle down is happening 24 May 2017 Cars Lightning McQueen is Sphero's best robot yet 24 May 2017 Technology Ford Kuga review (2017): Solid tech in an affordable package 23 May 2017 Cars Huawei MateBook E: A genuine Surface Pro 4 challenger 23 May 2017 Huawei Back to top Technology Business VR for Business Science Cars & Bikes Life & Culture The Future Reviews Hacks Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Newsletter About us Contact us Advertise with us Feeds Authors IT Pro Cloud Pro Expert Reviews More of our brands Affiliate Link Policy Privacy Notice © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER NEWS REVIEWS FEATURES WIN NEWSLETTER Search for: The 12 coolest things we learnt from WWDC 2017 All of Apple’s new treats in one handy candy jar… 06 June 2017 by Stuff Staff We were expecting a few refreshing droplets of Apple news from WWDC 2017, but Tim Cook and co opened up a firehose and drenched us with new tech treats. Pretty much every Apple product was treated to some added sparkle, with software updates for iPhones, Macs and the Apple Watch. It wasn’t all just under the hood tweaks either – shiny new products arrived in the form of a new iMac Pro, some iPad Pros and a smart speaker to take on the Amazon Echo. In other words, you’ve got a lot to catch up on, but luckily we’ve mulched it down into this perfectly blended Apple smoothie. Down it, down it… 1) APPLE’S MADE AN AMAZON ECHO Having launched Siri way before anyone felt comfortable talking to an inanimate piece of tech Apple’s had to watch on while Amazon’s Echo and Google Home stole its AI limelight. Well, that era is over with the grand unveiling of its HomePod: a speaker with voice assistant smarts. A Sonos-Echo hybrid, the HomePod stands at little under 7in tall and is meant to be the centerpiece of your living room’s home audio setup with the sound quality to match that status. To that end its seven beam-forming tweeters and real-time sound modelling should see it outperform its smart speaker rivals, albeit at a considerable cost. The HomePod is set to cost a $350 when it arrives in December, which is about $100 more than it costs you to buy both a Sonos Play:1 and Amazon Echo right now. For that kind of cash, Siri’s going to have to work with a whole lot more than just Apple Music. We’ll presumably find out whether that’s the case later this year at another Apple event. At present, the HomePod looks delightful, promises much and is all set to burn a great big hole in your bank account. 2) IOS 11 HAS LOADS OF GOOD NEW STUFF Ok. This is the biggie for existing iPhone and iPad users. While iOS 11 doesn’t offer up any game-changing new additions, it does have a load of small tweaks and additions that amount to something big indeed. Siri, Apple Maps and the App Store have all gotten a whole lot smarter whether that’s in terms more natural speech, fresh lane guidance and speed information or a slick redesign. Yep, similarly to Apple Music and News the App Store is going big on curation so that it’ll be easier than ever to find apps that you’ll use more than once. To that end, Apple is splitting out the games and apps categories, and providing in-house features on the essential downloads for your iPhone or iPad. On top of these big new changes iOS 11 is also set to arrive with a whole load of smart extras, such as smaller file sizes for photos, multi-room AirPlay for your home speaker setup and the ability to send money to friends using Apple Pay and iMessage. All in all, there’s plenty to look forward to when the iOS 11 launches later this year. For now, it’s only available to developers. 3) THERE’S A NEW MONUMENT VALLEY OUT NOW Shhh! Don’t tell anyone, but there are a lot of shoddy apps kicking around. That’s why Monument Valley made such a big splash way back in 2014 with its M. C. Escher-inspired visuals and just-tricky-enough puzzles. It was the kind of game that left you wanting for more, which is just as well since its sequel just got announced as part of WWDC 17. Monument Valley 2 is out now for iPhone and iPad and costs a thoroughly reasonable US$4.99. We can’t wait to give it a download. 4) THERE ARE TWO NEW IPADS PROS While the new HomePod and iMac Pro will doubtless steal the headlines from WWDC 17, Apple’s refreshed iPad Pros were the hidden gems of the event. Killing off the old 9.7in Pro in favour of a new 10.5in model and an updated 12.9in one, Apple brought a host of improvements to both devices. Principally, they’ve been treated to the a new True Tone display that’s 50% brighter than the old one at 600 nits, which means more dazzling colours and altogether easier to read screen in bright light. Due to the ample proportions of both screens, they can also both accommodate a full-sized keyboard. Elsewhere, these iPads are powered by the even faster 10X processor, can support video playback with a whopping great refresh of 120hz, and are backed up by a brand new Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard. They’re also supremely pricey, retailing from US$680 for the 64GB 10.5in Pro. 5) …AND THEY WORK MORE LIKE LAPTOPS THAN EVER BEFORE Whereas the old Pros felt more like jazzed up tablets than fully-fledged hybrids, a new Mac-like customisable dock for your most-used apps, slicker multitasking skills and added drag and drop functionality means they may well earn that ‘laptop replacement’ tag this time around. Although the internals of those new iPad Pros are none too shabby, it’s iOS 11 extras they’re getting that really elevates them to ‘thoroughly tempting’ status. 6) THE MACOS SOFTWARE IS HIGH SIERRA The new operating system for your iMac or MacBook is called High Sierra. While it’s not quite the great leap forward last year’s macOS was, this update does introduce several handy new features including blocking autoplay video, iCloud file sharing and a Mail app that uses 35 percent less of your computer’s storage. Streaming a lot of 4K content? Apple has also added support for the latest video codec, H.265/HVEC Due to the incremental nature of these additions, it won’t be long until you can install High Sierra on your Mac. The new OS is available to developers today and will be free for public download later this month. 7) YOU’LL SOON BE ABLE TO HOOK UP AN HTC VIVE TO YOUR IMAC Until now, virtual reality headsets and iMacs played as well together as the Gallagher brothers. While the Oculus Rift won’t be changing this relationship status anytime soon, both HTC’s Vive and Steam VR are arriving on Mac around the launch of macOS High Sierra. Seeing as it’s our favourite VR headset out there, this is kind of a big deal. 8) A TONNE OF MACS JUST GOT UPDATED Apple fans have been moaning about the iMac line-up for what seems like an age now. Finally, all those complaints about an underpowered performance and screens that aren’t fit for 4K video editing have been given a right old heave ho. While old classic iMac design remains very much in place, these refreshed machines have been treated to all-new internals in a big way. As well benefiting from Intel’s faster, more efficient Kaby Lake processors, Apple’s latest iMacs have a luminous new display that’s 43% brighter than previous models and are capable of 10-bit colour depth, both of which will help greatly when editing High Dynamic Range content. On top of all this, the 21.5in iMac can be bolstered with up to 32GB RAM, and the 27in model can now get 64GB. Both are getting two Thunderbolt USC-C ports. All in all, it’s a good day for video buffs. Especially if they’ve got the cash for a fancy new iMac Pro. 9) …AND A NEW IMAC PRO WAS REVEALED TOO Yes, not content with polishing up its old iMacs, Apple also revealed the most powerful computer it’s ever made: the iMac Pro. An absolute behemoth of a machine, the iMac Pro is meant for actual editing pros who make TV and movies for a living. These jammy sorts really have been crying out for an alternative to the much maligned Mac Pro, and now that dustbin-shaped disappointment has been kicked to the kerb in favour of a ludicrously buff all-in-one. Packing a 5K display, all-new AMD Radeon Vega graphics GPU, up to an 18-core Xeon processor and pretty much every top-of-the-range spec you can imagine, the iMac Pro delivers on a ridiculously high-end level. That’s why it’ll retail from US$4999 come December when it’s set to launch. That price got you gnashing your teeth in agony? Apple has offered one feature to sweeten the deal: the Pro is its only iMac to come in Space Gray. 10) MACBOOKS, MEET KABY LAKE Just like its iMacs, a swathe of Apple’s MacBook line-up has also been treated to new Intel Kaby Lake processors. Every MacBook, plus the latest 13in and 15in MacBook Pros will benefit from the faster, more efficient chips. Unsurprisingly, both the MacBook Air and Apple’s legacy MacBook Pro miss out on the new internals. If you were holding out on on getting a new MacBook, now is very much the time to buy. Especially since these Kaby Lake-powered models are available now. 11) YOUR APPLE WATCH IS ABOUT TO GET MUCH MORE USEFUL The Apple Watch might be the smartest of the smartwatches, but it’s still not as proactive as we’d like it to be. That’s going to improve in watchOS 4 though, thanks to a new Siri watch face. This will serve up Google Now-esque contextual cards based on your routine, using machine learning (Apple’s favourite new phrase). For example, it’ll automatically serve up traffic info based on an appointment in your calendar, or a shortcut to your cinema ticket just before the film’s due to start. The other main theme of watchOS 4 are its new fitness tricks. The Workout app now has a clearer UI, there’s a new HIIT (high intensity interval training) workout option, and you can pick a playlist to automatically start with a particular workout. The Apple Watch is also going to sync with gym equipment via NFC, letting you share stats like incline and speed. Apple claims that it’s worked with 80% of gym manufacturers for this feature, but we’ll have to see exactly which machines it works with when watchOS 4 launches in autumn 2017. 12) AMAZON PRIME VIDEO IS COMING TO APPLE TV Remember Apple TV? We wouldn’t have blamed you for having forgotten about the two year-old streamer that launched without support for 4K, YouTube and Amazon Prime. Well, now Amazon has finally joined up to the tvOS platform, although a Ultra HD box remains a long way off and we still don’t yet have last year’s new Apple TV controller app here in the Middle East. If you do have an Apple TV gathering dust, the arrival of Prime Video might just convince you to turn it on again.   Comments comments STUFF PICKS 7 things we learned from the official Star Wars Battlefront II launch You can now preorder the Sony Xperia XZ Premium in the UAE, KSA and Qatar Apple iPad (2017) review (US$350) Console Showdown: Xbox One S vs PlayStation 4 Pro vs Project Scorpio Here are the best deals on the Samsung Galaxy S8 in the UAE Follow us Facebook G Plus Twitter YouTube Subscribe to the Magazine
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Thursday, June 8, 2017 Sivan 14, 5777 4:47 pm IDT About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Subscribe to the Daily Edition Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel & the Region Police treat ‘cowardly’ Australia siege as terrorism Yacqub Khayre, released on parole after 2009 terror plot, told TV station, ‘This is for IS, this is for Al-Qaeda’ By Mal Fairclough June 6, 2017, 11:04 am Tweet Email Print Share A special operations officer wears a bomb suit at the scene of a shootout in the Melbourne bayside suburb of Brighton on June 6, 2017. (Mal Fairclough / AFP) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics Australia hostage situation Melbourne MELBOURNE, Australia (AFP) — A fatal shootout claimed by the Islamic State group was being treated as a terrorist attack by Australian police Tuesday, as the prime minister condemned it as “shocking and cowardly.” A man of Somali background was killed in a gun battle with police when he opened fire following an hour-long standoff after taking a female escort hostage at a serviced apartment building in Melbourne on Monday evening. It is alleged 29-year-old Yacqub Khayre, linked to a 2009 terror plot targeting an Australian army barracks, had first murdered a Chinese-born Australian man working as a receptionist in the foyer. Police said he made statements “around Al-Qaeda” and called a local television station making similar comments, reportedly: “This is for IS, this is for Al-Qaeda.” Authorities labeled the attack as a terrorism incident but added that investigations were still ongoing into whether it was planned or random. “We’re not seeing anything indicating that he’s got some message from overseas to do this at all but, again, early days,” said Victoria Police chief commissioner Graham Ashton. “We’ve got material that’s seized. We’ll go through that and work it out.” Brighton siege gunman Yacqub Khayre had extensive criminal history, used drugs https://t.co/8xooGeQyQ1 pic.twitter.com/WHLe2tq5A9 — Melbourne Informer (@melbourneinform) June 6, 2017 He said it was possible that Khayre may have been attempting to lure police by taking the escort — reportedly a sex worker — hostage. “We still don’t know exactly whether that was the case,” Ashton said, but police believed he was acting alone and there was no ongoing threat. The Amaq news agency — which is affiliated with IS — carried a statement claiming responsibility. BREAKING: #ISIS reports through its 'Amaq News Agency that the attacker in #Brighton #Melbourne #Australia is one of its "soldiers" pic.twitter.com/d5vxk3byQp — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) June 5, 2017 “The executor of the Melbourne attack in Australia is a soldier of the Islamic State and he carried out the attack in response to appeals to target citizens of coalition states,” it said. Ashton said IS “always tend to jump up and claim responsibility every time something happens” and it was too early to determine whether they were involved. Authorities had responded to reports of an explosion at the building — which turned out to be a gunshot — in the affluent beach suburb of Brighton and arrived to find a dead body in the foyer. The coroner removes a body at the scene of a hostage situation in the Melbourne bayside suburb of Brighton on June 6, 2017. (AFP PHOTO) “Subsequently he (Khayre) came out of the apartment with a shotgun and commenced to fire at police at the entryway to the apartments,” Ashton said. “He’s exchanged gunfire with police and has been fatally shot by police at the scene.” The escort escaped unharmed but three police were wounded in the firefight, although their injuries were not life-threatening. Known criminal Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said the attack underlined the need to be constantly vigilant. “This terrorist attack by a known criminal, a man who was only recently released on parole, is a shocking, cowardly crime,” he said. “It is a terrorist attack and it underlines the need for us to be constantly vigilant, never to be deterred, always defiant, in the face of Islamist terrorism.” A bomb squad member exits a residential building in the Melbourne bayside suburb of Brighton on June 5, 2017, after a woman was held hostage in an incident authorities had yet to determine whether was terrorism-related. (AFP PHOTO / Mal Fairclough) Australian officials have grown increasingly concerned over the threat of extremist attacks. They say they have prevented 12 attacks on home soil since the threat level was raised in September 2014, including a foiled Christmas Day plot in Melbourne last year, with more than 60 people charged. But four have gone ahead, including the murder of a Sydney police employee in 2015 by a 15-year-old boy. Khayre, whose parents were refugees from Somalia, was known to police and had a long criminal history. He was charged and acquitted over a foiled plot to attack the Holsworthy Army barracks in Sydney in 2009. Three of his co-accused were found guilty of planning the terrorist assault as payback for Australia’s military action in the Middle East. Khayre was released on parole late last year after serving time for intent to cause injury and arson, which Turnbull said was a concern given his background and something that would be reviewed. Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  Australia,  hostage situation,  Melbourne,  terrorism More in Israel & the Region Qatar says Kuwait trying to mediate, solve diplomatic rift Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments The Times of Israel Current top stories How was Israeli ‘tycoon’ allowed to rack up $1.13b debt to the banks? One word, say critics: Corruption By Simona Weinglass   Arab Israeli brothers charged in Hamas plot to murder Israeli officer By Sue Surkes   Tehran says attackers were Iranians who trained with Islamic State in Iraq, Syria By Gavin Rabinowitz   Braving drizzles and terror threat, Brits head to polls By DANICA KIRKA and Jill Lawless   Abbas said ready to drop settlement freeze precondition for talks By Stuart Winer and Times of Israel staff   The Times of Israel Daily Edition Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Latest Articles News Features   4:44 pm   Analysis: Qatar crisis could spell new trouble for embattled Hamas 4:24 pm   Braving drizzles and terror threat, Brits head to polls 4:07 pm   Who’s who, what’s at stake in Britain’s unexpected election 3:50 pm   Israel Chemicals signs deal to sell stake in IDE for $178 million 3:49 pm   Hebrew media review: The sump of all fears 3:49 pm   Tehran police increase patrols after twin terror attacks 3:30 pm   White bread may be healthier than whole — for some 3:30 pm   Rivlin meets with Kafr Qassem mayor after deadly riots 3:24 pm   Israeli startup looks to develop blood pressure wrist monitor 2:52 pm   Arab Israeli brothers charged in Hamas plot to murder Israeli officer 2:40 pm   India PM to skip Palestinian Authority in upcoming Israel trip 2:17 pm   Live updates: Tehran says attackers were Iranians who trained with Islamic State in Iraq, Syria 2:10 pm   Blast hits US embassy in Kiev 2:10 pm   Hezbollah condemns Iran terror attack as death toll rises to 16 2:09 pm   Abbas said ready to drop settlement freeze precondition for talks 1:13 pm   These are the 50 most innovative Jewish groups and projects 1:12 pm   Times of Israel Presents: Avigdor Liberman to give public interview in Tel Aviv, in English 12:49 pm   Jewish-American artist to exhibit ancient statue in London 12:48 pm   IDF shuts down weapons workshop in West Bank 12:23 pm   India firecracker factory blast toll hits 25 11:48 am   Sporty hijabs encourage Muslim girls to hit the field 11:47 am   In shadow of terror, Britons vote in snap election 10:43 am   Belgian court upholds jail term for anti-Semitic comedian 10:40 am   Plans for first new settlement in 25 years approved 10:07 am   From the web: Israel’s TV producers become heavy hitters in exporting shows 9:57 am   Officials ‘sorry‘ for ticketing cars in London terror zone 9:49 am   Turkish police detain local Amnesty International chairman 9:46 am   Qatar releases report on alleged hack that sparked Gulf boycott 9:44 am   Newly elected congressman sorry for assaulting Jewish reporter 9:03 am   Iran FM: Trump reaction to Tehran terror attacks ‘repugnant’   Latest Blogs Yoel Cohen 3:00 pm Avner Cohen’s last gasp? Mathew Cohen 1:04 pm Israel: a land like no other! Shlomo Riskin 12:38 pm Rabbis, Rebbes and responsive... Aharon Liebersohn 12:19 pm The Global Warming Controversy Shira Pasternak Be'eri 10:39 am Take now my son Most Read Talked Shared Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 7 said killed, 4 taken hostage in raid on Iranian parliament By Sue Surkes  2 Stabbing victim pulls knife out of own neck, kills terrorist By Raoul Wootliff  3 Sears website offers anti-Israel ‘Free Palestine’ range of clothes By JTA and Times of Israel staff  4 Knesset, Congress mark 50 years since ‘reunification of Jerusalem’ By Raoul Wootliff  5 Arab countries are turning on Qatar; what does it mean for Israel? By Ron Kampeas  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 In Jerusalem, Nikki Haley says she has ‘no patience’ for ‘bullies’ like the UN By Raphael Ahren  2 7 said killed, 4 taken hostage in raid on Iranian parliament By Sue Surkes  3 US says ‘both sides will be forced to compromise’ for Mideast peace deal By Eric Cortellessa  4 12 said killed in Tehran as parliament siege declared over By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  5 Amnesty International calls for ban of settlement goods By Sue Surkes  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Sears website offers anti-Israel ‘Free Palestine’ range of clothes By JTA and Times of Israel staff  2 Arab countries are turning on Qatar; what does it mean for Israel? By Ron Kampeas  3 Orthodox school bans moms’ long wigs, bright nails By Josefin Dolsten  4 Saudi Arabia: Qatar must stop supporting Hamas, Muslim Brotherhood By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  5 Why peace talks between Israelis and Palestinians keep failing By Haviv Rettig Gur  Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Watch Live Yahoo News coverage of James Comey testimony Katie Couric and guests preview the former FBI director’s appearance before the Senate Intelligence Committee Paris Agreement: Over a thousand US CEOs and mayors say they will continue to fight climate change despite Trump Mythili Sampathkumar The Independent June 5, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share People march from the U.S. Capitol to the White House for the People's Climate Movement to protest President Donald Trump's environmental policies 29 April 2017: Astrid Riecken/Getty ImagesMore Over a thousand mayors, businesses, investors, and academic institutions have signed a pact to continue fighting climate change in the US despite Donald Trump’s withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. Last week, Mr Trump pulled out of the Paris accord, stressing that it puts American workers at an “economic disadvantage” and that it is “unfair” for the US economy. The “We Are Still In” initiative represents $6.2 trillion of the US economy - composed of bipartisan “drivers of the real economy,” Lou Leonard, World Wildlife Fund’s Senior Vice President of Climate Change and Energy, told The Independent. Several business leaders including managers of multi-billion dollar pension funds, the CEO of Shell, and former Exxon Mobil CEO and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson had urged Mr Trump to stay in the Paris accord. Twenty Fortune 500 companies, including Apple, eBay, Gap Inc., Google, Intel, Microsoft, Nike, and several universities are among the signatories to the initiative as well. It is a wide cross-section of the US, all coming together to say Mr Trump’s decision is “out of step” with what is happening outside of Washington. “The signers all understand that the Paris Agreement is a blueprint for job creation, stability and global prosperity...to create jobs, spur innovation, promote trade and ensure American competitiveness,” they said in a statement. Mr Leonard said that though these cities would be able to combat climate change “faster and more fully” with the help of state and federal governments, the wide variety of partners in the initiative is important to note. These new partners can “do something creative” to green their local economies, said Mr Leonard. He explained that the reason the initiative is crucial is that decisions about transportation, ports - some large, international shipping hubs, urban planning, and land use are all made at the local government level. These are the areas where changes need to be made to push the US to a “zero carbon future,” Mr Leonard said. Some mayors and companies that signed on are in states that have not committed to fighting climate change. Only 13 Republican and Democratic governors have done so thus far. Mr Leonard said though that may be an issue, policies about “sustainable agriculture, for instance, become less and less political at the local level.” For instance, he pointed to the number of mayors and actors representing the Mississippi River Valley, “the breadbasket” of America that runs through several Republican states, as evidence that local leaders understand climate change’s economic impact better than most. In addition to this initiative, 211 mayors from around the country have signed a similar pledge to “create a clean energy economy,” according to a statement from Mayors National Climate Agenda. Cities represented include San Diego, California and Miami Beach, Florida, both contending with rising sea levels and coastal erosion. Mayor of Detroit Mike Duggan also signed despite his city’s reliance on the auto manufacturing industry. Detroit has been in an economic downturn for several years and Mr Duggan and others feel job re-training and clean energy programmes will play a role in an economic renaissance for the city. During his address announcing the withdrawal from the Paris Agreement, Mr Trump cited the decline in the coal industry - which has actually been in decline since before the 1970s. The head of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Scott Pruitt said during a news conference that the goal of withdrawal was to export American “clean coal” and the “innovation and technology” used in the US natural gas energy to “teach” the world how the US does it better. Mr Trump also said he was elected to represent the citizens of “Pittsburgh not Paris”. Pittsburgh Mayor Bill Peduto responded via Twitter that his city “will follow the guidelines of the Paris Agreement for our people, our economy & future.” While data on national carbon emissions and some large companies has been identified, local data is more scant. It is unclear at this point whether partners in these initiatives alone will be enough to meet the US targets of reducing carbon emissions 26 to 28 per cent below 2005 levels by the year 2025. “Quantifying” the carbon emissions reductions pledges of these non-government and sub-national actors is the next phase, according to Mr Leonard. Former New York City Mayor Mike Bloomberg, a United Nations Special Envoy on Cities and Climate, has sent a letter to the UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres and the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change saying that Americans are still committed to the Paris Agreement. He also launched an effort with local governments and non-state actors “to formally quantify the combined - and overlapping - emissions reduction pledges, which will be known as “America's Pledge,” and submit the report to the UN,” Reuters reported. Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Mom loses 107 lbs to spite husband and mistress who called her fat 3,551 reactions15%57%28% James Comey testifies at Senate hearing 6 reactions0%71%29% Confession of LeBron: 'I'm drained right now' after another NBA Finals loss to the Warriors 684 reactions6%75%19% This Guy Wore The Same Shirt For Every Yearbook Photo For Seven Years 615 reactions11%76%13% Deadly military transport plane crash in Myanmar 16 reactions0%78%22% Young Londoner expresses support for Labor Party Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 154 reactions4%79%17% Live coverage: James Comey Senate testimony 118 reactions3%76%21% 'GMA' Deals and Steals on must-have products for outdoor summer fun 1 reactions Mystery Creature Spotted In California Foothills 183 reactions2%88%10% Fantastic photography of insects and water droplets 24 reactions26%62%12% Voters head to polls for UK elections 1 reactions Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 98 reactions8%68%24% Christina El Moussa Dating Businessman, Ex Tarek ‘Acting Out’ Source Says 1,253 reactions5%77%18% Oprah Winfrey Speaks Out On Bill Maher's N-Word Controversy 1,017 reactions3%64%33% Putin Has Most Putin Response To Whether He’d Shower Next To A Gay Man 2,694 reactions5%67%28%  Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing Just Sayin'...: " Democrats to drill down on Trump obstruction in Comey hearing" Of course they will. They have no evidence of wrongdoing, but they'll TRY to save face. What else can the poor widdle snowflakes do? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.8k
Technology content trusted in North America and globally since 1999 7,534 Reviews & Articles | 55,578 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket AM4 Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones Apple refreshes 12.9-inch iPad Pro, 10.5-inch iPad Pro Apple unveils a refreshed 12.9-inch iPad Pro, intros new 10.5-inch iPad Pro By: Anthony Garreffa | Mobile Devices, Tablets & Phones News | Posted: 2 days, 6 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA Apple has unleashed a bunch of new products today including the Radeon Pro Vega-powered iMac Pro with its 5K display and can be configured with an 18-core Intel Xeon CPU, the new MacBook and MacBook Pro units, and now the new iPad Pro refreshes.     Apple refreshed its 12.9-inch iPad Pro, but also ditched the older 9.7-inch iPad Pro size and stretched it out to a slightly bigger 10.5-inch iPad Pro, which replaces the 9.7-inch version. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro rocks a native resolution of 2224x1668 (264 PPI) with 20% more screen real estate over the 9.7-inch model, and 40% smaller bezels. This leads to a 10.5-inch iPad Pro that is only a little bigger and roughly the same physical size as the smaller 9.7-inch predecessor.   The new iPad Pro has some high refresh rate goodness tucked up its sleeve with Apple's new ProMotion technology ramping up the refresh rate on the 10.5- and 12.9-inch panels to 120Hz.     Inside of both the new iPad Pro models is the 6-core A10X Fusion processor from Apple, with a built-in M10 coprocessor, and a 12-core GPU. Apple says that the new iPad has up to 30% faster CPU speeds, and a 40% bump in GPU grunt over the previous-gen A9 processor. Battery life stays at the same 10 hour mark.     Inside, the iPad Pro receives an improved camera, with Apple throwing the same 12-megapixel sensor from the iPhone 7 with f/1.8 aperture into their new slate, alongside optical image stabilization and quad-LED True Tone flash. There's also a front-facing FaceTime HD camera that is identical to the one in the iPhone 7, packing a 7-megapixel sensor with 1080p video recording abilities, auto-HDR, and Retina Flash.     New iPad Pro Pricing   10.5-inch iPad Pro 64GB Wi-Fi only - $649 ($779 w/cellular) 10.5-inch iPad Pro 256GB Wi-Fi only - $749 ($879 w/cellular) 10.5-inch iPad Pro 512GB Wi-Fi only - $949 ($1079 w/cellular)   12.9-inch iPad Pro 64GB Wi-Fi only - $799 ($929 w/cellular) 12.9-inch iPad Pro 256GB Wi-Fi only - $899 ($1029 with LTE) 12.9-inch iPad Pro 512GB Wi-Fi only - $1099 ($1229 with LTE) NEWS SOURCES:Techspot.com >> NEXT STORY: Samsung's mid-range Exynos chips leak << PREVIOUS STORY: AMD's new Radeon Pro 500 series powers new MacBook Pro Related Tags Apple 10.5-inch iPad Pro new iPad Pro 12.9-inch iPad Pro Apple's new iPad Intel Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Galaxy Note 8 reportedly launching in late August Vintage Apple sneakers auction starts at $15,000 Microsoft trademarks 'Direct Reality' ahead of E3 2017 Core i7-7740K overclocked to 7.5GHz with liquid helium DICE's Frostbite doesn't play well with RPGsView More News Posts Forum Activity Asrock Z97 pro4 motherboard - Bios update? BETA? AZIO Armato Mechanical Gaming Keyboard Review GIGABYTE's Computex 2017 Suite Tour and New Products FSP CMT210 Mid-Tower Chassis Review ASROCK Vision X 321B/W, Intel i5-3210M video display issuesView More Forum Posts Press Releases Full E3 Coliseum lineup announced G.SKILL memory breaks DDR4 5.5GHz world record barrier LUXA2 Thermaltake Mobile attends Computex 2017 with the iconic and classic mobile modern essentials Thermaltake reveals new Riing Plus LED RGB radiator fan TT Premium Edition at COMPUTEX Taipei 2017 TUNAI CLIP Bluetooth music receiver and wireless headphone amplifier wins Computex d&i AwardView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by James Lamb Neural Network Software Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Neural Network Software market is expected to grow from $9.54 billion in 2016 to reach $46.43 billion by 2022 with a CAGR of 30.1%. Growing adoption of big data, increasing market for predictive analytics, and raising adoption in Internet of Things are the some of the factors bolstering the market growth. However, lack of skilled professionals, low adoption rate in emerging countries are the restraints hindering the market growth. For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/neural-network-software-market Banking, Financial Services and Insurance (BFSI)  end user contributed a largest market share during the forecast period owing to growing financial transactions year on year. By geography, North America commanded the largest market share due to plenty IT infrastructures and more financial institutions & companies in this region. Asia Pacific is likely to grow at a fastest rate during the forecast period. Some of the key players in global neural network software market include Afiniti, Alyuda Research, Llc., GMDH, Llc, Google Inc., Intel Corporation, International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Neural Technologies Limited, Neuralware, Oracle Corporation, Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., Sap Se, Slagkryssaren Ab, Starmind International Ag, Swiftkey, and Ward Systems Group, Inc. What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements For More, Please Visit: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/neural-network-software-market https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile Contact Details: Contact Person: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Phone: +1-301-202-5929 / +1-301-202-7681 Website: www.strategymrc.com About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. For more information, please visit Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Uranium Mining Market 2017 Global Trend, Segmentation and Opportunities Forecast To 2022 Next PostNext Rail Freight Transportation Global Market by Sales Growth, Price, Type, Application and Manufacturers Search Recent Posts New report shares details about the Global Piezopolymer Market forecast to 2022 New report shares details about the Global Piezopolymer Market forecast to 2022 New report shares details about the Global Piezopolymer Market forecast to 2022 Bas Relief Market by Manufacturers – Stromberg Architectural, Woodland Manufacturing, Yash GRC, Stone Source LLC Bas Relief Market by Manufacturers – Stromberg Architectural, Woodland Manufacturing, Yash GRC, Stone Source LLC RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sierra Wireless Innovation Summit Provides Forum for Customers and Partners to Offer Insights on Latest IoT Technologies VANCOUVER, British Columbia & PARIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR) (TSX:SW), a leading provider of fully integrated device-to-cloud solutions for the Internet of Things (IoT), today announced that technical experts and business leaders in the IoT ecosystem will converge, exchange and learn about key topics, such as LPWA, 5G, IoT security, open source, Smart SIMs and the vision for global connectivity, at the fifth annual Innovation Summit, June 13, 2017, at the Paris Novotel Tour Eiffel. The event offers both business and technical tracks, as well as customer and partner demonstrations of the company’s latest mangOH™ open hardware, Legato™ Platform and Ready-to-Connect technology. Highly anticipated presentations include: Renaud Perrier, Head of Google Cloud ISV Partnerships, EMEA & APAC, sharing ideas about how cloud technology and capabilities will simplify the adoption of IoT solutions in the enterprise; Vaibhav Parmar, Partner, PwC, speaking about how businesses are transforming thanks to IoT technology; Wade Lindsey, Director Product Management, Connected Living, and Djordje Simic, Senior Connectivity Expert, Flex, speaking about connecting people, vehicles and the home; and Philippe Guillemette, Chief Technology Officer, Sierra Wireless, discussing the future of IoT networks and the implications for businesses. Sessions include: 5G for the IoT: New Business Enabled by 5G, a panel discussion featuring executives from the GSMA, Intel, Orange, Qualcomm and OT Morpho, moderated by Adarsh Krishnan, Senior Analyst at ABI Research; Real-world use cases and business perspectives presented by Sierra Wireless customers, including Hino Motors (a Toyota Group company), Invers, Zobox Limited and Arval about their own connected applications, moderated by Robin Duke-Woolley, Founder and CEO of Beecham Research; How Open Source Technologies are Transforming the Industrial IoT, with Ashish Syal, Founder of the mangOH Platform and Jen Chitty, Lead Architect of the Legato Open Source Linux Platform; Security in the IoT Space, with Larry Leblanc, Chief Engineer, Security, Sierra Wireless; Cellular LPWA: Current Status and Deployments, with Nicolas Damour, Senior Manager, Business & Innovation and Thierry Uguen, Director, Product Line Management, Sierra Wireless; Global Connectivity: Fact or Fiction?, with Cyril Hullin, VP Product Marketing, Cloud & Connectivity Services, Sierra Wireless; and Tutorials and hands-on workshops for building IoT applications and connecting them through the cloud. The showroom will feature 24 live IoT demonstrations showcasing tomorrow’s technologies in action, including Sierra Wireless’ Ready-to-Connect module with embedded Smart SIM connecting sensor data from a (miniature) rally vehicle, and sending that data through the mobile network to the AirVantage® IoT platform. Innovation Summit sponsors include platinum sponsors Flex and Intel, along with Jabil, Qualcomm, Altair Semiconductor, L&T Technology Services, Mediatek, OT Morpho, Simulity, Taoglas Antenna Solutions and USI. For more information about the Sierra Wireless Innovation Summit and to register, visit http://summit.sierrawireless.com. Follow @SierraWireless on Twitter and #SWIS2017 for the latest news and developments. About Sierra Wireless Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ: SWIR) (TSX: SW) is building the Internet of Things with intelligent wireless solutions that empower organizations to innovate in the connected world. Customers Start with Sierra because we offer the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of 2G, 3G and 4G embedded modules and gateways, seamlessly integrated with our secure cloud and connectivity services. OEMs and enterprises worldwide trust our innovative solutions to get their connected products and services to market faster. Sierra Wireless has more than 1,100 employees globally and operates R&D centers in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information, visit www.sierrawireless.com. Connect with Sierra Wireless on the IoT Blog at http://www.sierrawireless.com/iot-blog, on Twitter at @SierraWireless, on LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/company/sierra-wireless and on YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/SierraWireless. “mangOH”, “Legato”, “AirVantage” and “Sierra Wireless” are trademarks of Sierra Wireless. Other product or service names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Financial Fraud Detection Software Market Report 2017, Trends, Analysis, Share, Estimates and Forecasts to 2022. Next PostNext Research Confirms That Corporate Uniforms Increase Productivity Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending iOS 11, iMac Pro, Smarter Siri: Everything You Should Be Excited About From Apple’s... 180 SHARES Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > News iOS 11, iMac Pro, Smarter Siri: Everything You Should Be Excited About From Apple’s WWDC 2017 Gwyn D'Mello June 06, 2017 180 SHARES Apple took to the stage earlier tonight at the San Jose convention center in California, to host its annual Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC 2017), and it had a few goodies to announce, including an introduction to a new OS, and updates to its smartwatch and line of iMacs. Here are some of the biggest announcements from the event. Images courtesy: Apple macOS High Sierra Apple’s latest OS for its computers is called macOS High Sierra, and it’s finally out in the wild. It will be available as a developer beta starting tomorrow, will be in public beta later this month, and it will roll out to the public for free later this year. According to senior vice president of software Craig Federighi, the new OS is faster, safer, and has its apps use less space than ever. All of this is thanks to Apple’s File System, which will be replacing the Hierarchical File System, that the company claims is faster and more stable. In addition, Safari has been updated to help keep you safer online. The Apple web browser will supposedly use machine learning to identify ad trackers as you surf the web, and block them automatically. The Photos app has been updated to, giving it more editing tools to bring it closer to a Photoshop experience.  iMacs Apple’s iMac lineup received a few updates at WWDC, giving the all-in-one computers more specs to flaunt. Intel’s 7th gen Kaby Lake processors are coming to the iMac, along with new displays that Apple is calling “the best Mac display ever.” The 21.5-inch variant now also has a 32GB RAM option, while the 27-inch has a 64GB upper RAM limit. The new iMacs also get two Thunderbolt 3 USB Type-C ports, the company’s first desktops with the port. The range of iMacs now also have a higher range of graphics cards to choose from, in the Radeon Pro series, capping at 8GB VRAM. All of this, along with the new capability in macOS High Sierra, means the iMacs are now VR compatible. The 21.5-inch iMac now starts at $1,099 while the 4K 21.5-inch model begins at at $1,299. There’s also a new beast of an iMac Pro coming to the market, a new workstation-class product line designed for heavy users. It features a 27-inch Retina 5K display, supported by up to 18-core Xeon processors and up to 22 Teraflops of graphics computation. It comes with the new Radeon Pro Vega GPU, and supporting up to 4TB of SSD. The device features four Thunderbolt 3 ports capable of connecting two 5K displays at the same time. The iMac Pro is scheduled to ship in December, though there are no price details just yet. iPads Apple also announced an all-new iPad Pro, in 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch variants, featuring the new A10X Fusion chip. “These are by far the most powerful iPads we’ve ever created with the world’s most advanced displays featuring ProMotion, the powerful new A10X Fusion chip and the advanced camera system of iPhone 7,” said Greg Joswiak, Apple’s vice president of Product Marketing. ProMotion is touted to bring more fluidity and brightness to the iPad Pro’s display, as well as smoother working for the Apple Pencil. Additionally, Apple claims the A10X chip makes the device faster than most laptops shipped today, with a six core CPU and a 12 core GPU, offering up to 30 percent better performance, while delivering all-day battery life. The iPad Pro also features the same 12MP and 7MP front and rear cameras as the iPhone 7, alongside a four-speaker audio system, providing powerful, clear and rich stereo sound in any orientation. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro comes in silver, space grey, gold and rose gold, with the new iPad Pro models available to order now. The 10.5-inch iPad Pro starts at $649 with 64GB of memory, or $779 for the SIM-enabled version. The 12.9-inch version starts at $799 for 64GB of storage or $929 for 64GB of storage with cellular connectivity. Both devices are available in variants with up to 512GB of storage. Don't Miss iOS 11 Sports A Smarter, More Natural Siri & 9 Interesting Features Hitting Apple's Next Big OS Meet the HomePod, Apple's Smart Home Hub That Threatens To Take Down Google Home & Amazon Echo Reliance Jio Helps India Rank 15th In World, Above UK And Canada In Terms of 4G Availability 10.4K SHARES Indian American Scientist Raja Chari Just Got Selected For The Next NASA Mission 2.1K SHARES Hey There OnePlus 5, We've Seen You Somewhere Before Haven't We? 2.6K SHARES iOS 11 First and foremost, messages are now synced between iOS and macOS. Delete a message on your iPhone and it’ll disappear from your Mac too. More important though are the host of changes coming to Siri. Apple has made its digital assistant sound more natural when talking to you. It’s got a few new inflections and pronunciations, as well as support for new language translations including Chinese, French, German, Italian, and Spanish. Siri also has added intelligence now, to make smarter suggestions as you talk and type. Typing the name of a city, for instance, might suggest the name of another similar city you’re likely to refer to in the same sentence. The company describes it as “on-device learning”. Your iPhone will learn from you as you interact with Siri, and that learning will be shared with your other Apple devices, but all of it is “kept completely private, readable only by you and your devices.” The updated version of Siri will roll out later this year (likely in September) in iOS 11. There’s also a new control center for iOS 11, one that crams many more controls into one space. There’s access to your Bluetooth, Cell, signal, WiFi, and airplane mode in one panel, music controls in another, lock screen, brightness, volume, and more. You can change your settings right here, or use 3D Touch to access more detailed controls. You know, kinda like how you’ve been able to do with Android for years. But hey, added convenience is always good. Lastly, iOS 11 for the iPad is, as Apple called it “a drag fest” (no, we’re not kidding). Basically, your app bar at the bottom can be accessed to multitask from any screen just by swiping up. Once there, you can drag and drop apps right from the bar to place into a window on the side of whatever you’re currently working on.  HomePod As it’s “one last thing” Apple decided to live up to rumours and release its first ever home speaker. Called the ‘HomePod’ (sigh), it feature a 4-inch woofer on the top, and seven tweeters arranged around the base, all powered by the same A8 chip in the iPhone. The device is also powered by Siri, of course, so you can talk to it and t plays all your saved playlists from Apple Music. Not just music though, the HomePod works as a home assistant too, just like the Amazon Echo and Google Home that came before it. All of that for $349. That’s the gist of all the major news from WWDC 2017. Smarter Siri, faster iOS and macOS, and beefier workstations. Unfortunately, if you want to get your hands on any of these releases, you’re going to have to wait until at least September if Apple sticks to its traditional refresh schedule. 180 SHARES PROMOTED STORIES FeelsYoung Elizabeth Shue Was Gorgeous in the 80s. But What She Looks.. Newspapers.com What were the headlines on the day you were born? Lonny The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Search Luxury Auto Sponsored Ads The Wait Is Over - The Most Luxurious Cars for 2017 Can Be.. Intel Control an LED with IoT JumpWay [Tutorial] Vikings: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this new game! just in Science And Future Here’s Where ISRO’s Most Important Recent Satellites And Missions Currently Orbit In Space Partner 839 SHARES Forever Tired? Don’t Worry Millennials, We Have The Perfect Way To Recharge Your Body News 150 SHARES Apple Is About To Make It Much Easier And Faster To Fix Your Broken iPhone Screen Apps 1K SHARES WhatsApp Will Soon Offer You A 5-Minute Window To Edit Or Recall Your Sent Messages In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance News Here's Why You Must Think Twice Before Posting On Twitter, Facebook During An Emergency Partner 1.1K SHARES 6 People Who Show That Age Is No Bar When It Comes To Your Dreams News Google Has A Course That Teaches Kids How To Deal With Trolls And Online Scams Using Games News 118 SHARES Twitter Exploit Allowed Anyone To Tweet From Any Account Without Having To Know The Password My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap News Salman Khan Cautious About His 'Being Smart' Android Phone Launch, Analysts Remain Optimistic How To 216 SHARES Better Safe Than Sorry: 13 Common Ways To Secure Your Phone, PC & Yourself To Stay Safe Online Science And Future 421 SHARES Scientists Have Discovered A Scorching Hot Planet That Features A Unique Comet-Like Tail Science And Future IBM's Breakthrough 5nm Chip Could Give Us Processors Up To 75 Percent More Power Efficient Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE india Gurugram Horror: After Being Gang Raped In Auto, Helpless Victim Travelled In Metro With Her... Sanjay Yadav 52.7K SHARES india 23-YO Woman Gang Raped By Three Men, Her Baby Dies After Being Thrown Out Of Auto In Gurugram Sanjay Yadav 48.2K SHARES india After Beef, Now A BJP Leader Wants Momos To Be Banned, Claims They'll Kill You Bobins Abraham 21.1K SHARES Ad Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Viral Vacation Ideas india Police Arrests All Three Accused Of Gang Raping A Woman And Killing Her Baby In Gurugram Indiatimes 16.5K SHARES india CNN 'Congratulates' Indian Origin Girl Who Won The Prestigious Spelling Bee With Racist Remarks Shewali Tiwari 29.9K SHARES india Indian Scientist Develops Bulletproof Jacket For Indian Army At One-Third Cost Of Imported Ones Ei Samay 25.5K SHARES Ad 7 Blogger Approved White T-Shirt Stylings bleubloom.com celebscoop Nawazuddin Siddiqui’s Kids Give Versova Beach A Makeover, Help Clean 160 Tonnes Of Garbage Garima Satija 35.7K SHARES india Keep It Green: Kerala Will Ban Use Of Plastic Plates During Wedding Ceremonies Bobins Abraham 9.4K SHARES celebscoop Paresh Rawal Expresses Desire To Work In Pakistani Shows, Calls Indian Shows 'Boring' Isha Sharma 17.5K SHARES Ad The 20 Most Generous Billionaires In The World AfriZap OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News - TOI CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending IBM's Breakthrough 5nm Chip Could Give Us Processors Up To 75 Percent More Power Efficient Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > Science And Future IBM's Breakthrough 5nm Chip Could Give Us Processors Up To 75 Percent More Power Efficient Gwyn D'Mello June 06, 2017 IBM, working in tandem with Samsung and GlobalFoundries, has unveiled the world’s first 5nm silicon chip. It’s notable for being the first to use horizontal gate-all-around (GAA) transistors, and extreme ultraviolet (EUV) lithography. Connie Zhou/IBM The technology is a product of the tech industry’s relationship with Moore’s Law. Postulated by Intel co-founder Gordon Moore in 1965, it states that the number of transistors per square inch on integrated circuits would double every year, as previously observed. However, chipmakers find they’re reaching the physical limits of that theory, as transistors can only be made so small before they become unviable. That’s where 3D stacking comes in. This technique is what’s used in current day FinFET technology, where transistors are stacked into vertical fins. However, despite it being possible to scale down these kind of chips to 5nm, the limits of current flow through the tiny structures creates a threshold that stops progress. In IBM’’s new chip, the GAA or “gate-all-around” transistors have the gate material wrapped around a trio of horizontal silicon nanosheets. This kind of structure is superior to FinFET, being able to be scaled down as far as 3nm, according to ArsTechnica. A scan of IBM Research Alliance’s 5nm transistor - IBM Besides, being more dense, and faster than state-of-the-art chips, IBM says new chips built using its design can offer up to 40 percent more power efficiency, than the latest 10nm chips about to hit the market, and 75 percent more than current chips in use. With 10nm chips close to market, you can expect IBM’s design to take some time to catch on. Expect to see even better processors in your smartphones and computers in the coming years, as we draw either hit the limit of Moore’s Law or tech companies come up with another ground-breaking  solution to make even smaller, more efficient chips. Don't Miss Reliance Jio Helps India Rank 15th In World, Above UK And Canada In Terms of 4G Availability 10.2K SHARES Indian American Scientist Raja Chari Just Got Selected For The Next NASA Mission 1.9K SHARES Hey There OnePlus 5, We've Seen You Somewhere Before Haven't We? 2.5K SHARES WhatsApp Will Soon Offer You A 5-Minute Window To Edit Or Recall Your Sent Messages 1K SHARES These 3 Behind-The-Scenes Technologies At ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Are Making Cricket Exciting 1K SHARES PROMOTED STORIES Viral Vacation Ideas Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Newspapers.com What were the headlines on the day you were born? Search Luxury Auto Sponsored Ads The Wait Is Over - The Most Luxurious Cars for 2017 Can Be.. Lonny The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Intel Control an LED with IoT JumpWay [Tutorial] Vikings: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this new game! just in Science And Future Here’s Where ISRO’s Most Important Recent Satellites And Missions Currently Orbit In Space Partner 801 SHARES Forever Tired? Don’t Worry Millennials, We Have The Perfect Way To Recharge Your Body News 150 SHARES Apple Is About To Make It Much Easier And Faster To Fix Your Broken iPhone Screen News Shoot For The Stars: Here's How A Class 12 Student From Bengaluru Had A Planet Named After Her In conversation with Sam Jain. State Farm Insurance News Google Has A Course That Teaches Kids How To Deal With Trolls And Online Scams Using Games Partner 1.1K SHARES 6 People Who Show That Age Is No Bar When It Comes To Your Dreams News 118 SHARES Twitter Exploit Allowed Anyone To Tweet From Any Account Without Having To Know The Password News iOS 11 Sports A Smarter, More Natural Siri & 9 Interesting Features Hitting Apple's Next Big OS My Son may not live to see his 2nd Birthday! Milaap News Salman Khan Cautious About His 'Being Smart' Android Phone Launch, Analysts Remain Optimistic How To 216 SHARES Better Safe Than Sorry: 13 Common Ways To Secure Your Phone, PC & Yourself To Stay Safe Online Gadgets Meet the HomePod, Apple's Smart Home Hub That Threatens To Take Down Google Home & Amazon Echo Science And Future 421 SHARES Scientists Have Discovered A Scorching Hot Planet That Features A Unique Comet-Like Tail Invest in your dream home in India GODREJ PROPERTIES   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE india Gurugram Horror: After Being Gang Raped In Auto, Helpless Victim Travelled In Metro With Her... Sanjay Yadav 52.7K SHARES india 23-YO Woman Gang Raped By Three Men, Her Baby Dies After Being Thrown Out Of Auto In Gurugram Sanjay Yadav 48.1K SHARES india After Beef, Now A BJP Leader Wants Momos To Be Banned, Claims They'll Kill You Bobins Abraham 21.1K SHARES Ad Actresses who rejected roles opposite the Khans BOLLYWOODUNION india Police Arrests All Three Accused Of Gang Raping A Woman And Killing Her Baby In Gurugram Indiatimes 15.2K SHARES india CNN 'Congratulates' Indian Origin Girl Who Won The Prestigious Spelling Bee With Racist Remarks Shewali Tiwari 29.9K SHARES india Indian Scientist Develops Bulletproof Jacket For Indian Army At One-Third Cost Of Imported Ones Ei Samay 25.5K SHARES Ad Top 15 Cleanest Beaches in Florida Viral Vacation Ideas celebscoop Nawazuddin Siddiqui’s Kids Give Versova Beach A Makeover, Help Clean 160 Tonnes Of Garbage Garima Satija 35.7K SHARES india Keep It Green: Kerala Will Ban Use Of Plastic Plates During Wedding Ceremonies Bobins Abraham 9.4K SHARES celebscoop Paresh Rawal Expresses Desire To Work In Pakistani Shows, Calls Indian Shows 'Boring' Isha Sharma 17.4K SHARES Ad Elizabeth Shue Was Gorgeous in the 80s. But What She Looks.. FeelsYoung OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News - TOI CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > The Market Reports Tweet   Global Ndustry 4.0 Market Forecast to 2021 with Competitive Landscape Analysis and Key Companies Profile Global Ndustry 4.0 Industry 2017 Market Research Report provide the details about Industry Overview and analysis about Manufacturing Cost Structure, Revenue, Gross Margin, Consumption Value and Sale Price, Major Manufacturers, Distributors, Industry Chain   Global Ndustry 4.0 Industry 2017 Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, June 06, 2017 ) The Global Ndustry 4.0 Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Ndustry 4.0 industry. With around 150 tables and figures this report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and Bill of Materials cost structures are also analyzed. This report also states import/export consumption, supply and demand Figures, cost, price, revenue and gross margins. Access Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/global-industry-40-market-research-report-2017 Companies like General Electric Company?, International Business Machines Corporation?, Cisco Systems, Inc.?, Microsoft Corporation?, Stratasys Ltd.?, Alphabet, Inc.?, Abb Ltd.?, Mitsubishi Electric Corp.?, Intel Corporation?, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company?, Siemens Ag?, Qualcomm Inc.?, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.?, Texas Instruments Inc.?, Rockwell Automation Inc.?, 3d Systems Corporation?, Denso Corporation?, Start-up Ecosystem? and more are profiled in the terms of product picture, specification, capacity, production, price, cost, gross, revenue, and contact information. Global Ndustry 4.0 Market report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. Upstream raw materials and equipment and downstream demand analysis is also carried out. The Ndustry 4.0 industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally the feasibility of new investment projects are assessed and overall research conclusions offered. Purchase this Premium Research Report at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/buy-now/538243 Table of Contents: 1 Industry Overview of Ndustry 4.0 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 4 Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 5 Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 by Regions, Types and Manufacturers 6 Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 by Regions, Types and Applications 7 Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 9 Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 10 Industry Chain Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 11 Development Trend of Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 12 New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Ndustry 4.0 13 Conclusion of the Global Ndustry 4.0 Industry 2017 Market Research Report Inquire for Sample or Discount at: https://www.themarketreports.com/report/ask-your-query/538243 The Market Reports We aim to provide the best industry and market research report to a seeker. Today, The Market Reports is a one stop destination for all the report buyers. We have a collection of over 100,000+ research, company, market, SWOT, trends and analysis reports of various countries, categories and domain to meet an organization need. Website: https://www.themarketreports.com/ Write us at sales@themarketreports.com Call at +1-631-407-1315 / +91-750-729-1479 Contact Information: The Market Reports Shirish Gupta Tel: 06314071315 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Thursday, June 08, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi's theatrics bear imprints of UP as Congress hopes to turn its fortune Madhya Pradesh protest: We are sensitive to farmers' issues, says Rajnath Singh Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Gorkha Janmukti Morcha clash in Darjeeling: Police vehicles damaged, security personnel injured Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan police to probe if Rahul Gandhi violated traffic rules on his way to Mandsaur Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Unrest in Mandsaur 'should not be seen in isolation', says Bhupinder Hooda Sports Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko FIFA U-17 World Cup 2017: Javier Ceppi feels completion of the draw will improve ticket sales ICC Champions Trophy 2017, India vs Sri Lanka, Live cricket score and updates: Kohli and Co finish on 321/6 French Open 2017: Rohan Bopanna wins first mixed doubles Grand Slam title with Gabriela Dabrowski Altibox Norway Chess: Viswanathan Anand hurt by misjudgment against Vladimir Kramnik in 2nd round National Athletics coach Mohammed Kunhi sacked after doping controversy at NIS Patiala India Pakistan military provides artillery support, cover fire to infiltrators in Kashmir: Indian Army 4,000 Indian students seek US students visa brushing aside fears of hate crimes India promoting terrorism in Afghanistan to sabotage Islamabad-Kabul ties: Pakistan Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rajasthan to face similar fate unless govt takes action, says BJP leader Kerala MLAs have beef fry for breakfast at a special session on cattle ban Sitaram Yechury manhandled by Hindu Sena activists at press conference in New Delhi World Washington edgy ahead of James Comey's testimony in Russia probe: A look back at previous high-drama Senate hearings James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing Britain polls: Caste legislation introduced to attract Indian-origin voters At least 12 terrorists killed, arms and explosives recovered from Balochistan: Pakistan military UK Election 2017 LIVE: Opinion polls predict lead for Theresa May's Conservatives, but not landslide victory Kabul attack serves as a grim reminder for international community: Afghanistan is headed towards anarchy Business Gear up for change in petrol, diesel prices every day; new rule to kick in from 16 June Planning to book a flight ticket? You may soon be required to provide Aadhaar card or PAN as ID Tata Sons garners Rs 10,300 cr from TCS buyback programme, tenders 3.6 cr shares IDBI Bank sets up dept to manage bad loans, after being put "under watch" by RBI Favourable monsoon may give boost to CV loans, recovery in microfinance: Moody's & ICRA Sensex ends 58 pts lower as traders maintain caution ahead of ECB meet, UK polls Entertainment Veere Di Wedding starts shooting in August; Sumeet Vyas to star opposite Kareena? Tokyo Trial: Irrfan Khan is perfect as Justice Pal, the only Indian judge on a World War II panel Wonder Woman actress Gal Gadot was pregnant while shooting for the superhero film Kajal Aggarwal, not Tamannaah Bhatia, to play lead role in Tamil remake of Queen Taapsee Pannu may play spy again in Operation Jinnah, after Baby, Naam Shabana Salman Khan's Bodyguard 2: Six years after being announced, news on sequel has petered out Photos Videos Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Business News H-1B visa: Top 7 Indian outsourcing cos record 37% drop in 2016, trend to continue in 2017, says report H-1B visa: Top 7 Indian outsourcing cos record 37% drop in 2016, trend to continue in 2017, says report BusinessPTIJun, 06 2017 12:23:26 IST #Capgemini#Donald trump#George w. bush#H-1b visa#Infosys#Larsen&amp;toubro#Mindtree#National foundation for american policy#Tata consultancy services#Tech mahindra#Wipro Washington: Top seven Indian-based outsourcing companies in the US received fewer H-1B visas in 2016 as compared to 2015, and as a group their numbers dropped 37 percent, according to a new report. The companies experienced a drop of 5,436 approved petitions (37 percent) in 2016 as compared to previous year, a report by the National Foundation for American Policy, a Washington-based non-profit thin-tank said. It said, the 9,356 new H-1B petitions for the top seven Indian-based companies approved in fiscal 2016 represent only 0.006 per cent of the US labour force. "While the threat of job loss has long been exaggerated by critics, it reaches illogical proportions when discussing fewer than 10,000 workers in an economy that employs 160 million workers nationwide," the National Foundation for American Policy said in a statement after releasing the report. According to the report, the number of approved new H-1B petitions for Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) declined by 56 percent from FY 2015 to FY 2016, from 4,674 to 2,040, a drop of 2,634. For Wipro, the petitions declined by 52 percent between FY 2015 and FY 2016, a drop of 1,605, going from 3,079 to 1,474 approved petitions for initial employment during those years. For Infosys, it declined by 16 percent (or 454 petitions), with 2,376 approved H-1B petitions for initial employment in FY 2016, compared to 2,830 in FY 2015, said the report, which based its research from government data. Reuters "The drop in new H-1B visas for Indian-based companies, which is expected to continue when data are released on cases filed in April 2017 for FY18 start dates, is due to industry trends toward digital services such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence, which require fewer workers, and a choice by companies to rely less on visas and to build up their domestic work forces in the US," the report said. "H-1B petitions approved for initial employment in FY 2016 were filed by employers in April 2016, which means the drop in H-B visa use by these companies is not due to Donald Trump's election. "In the past, US policymakers have used the number of visas going to Indian-based companies as a political or policy reason to propose new immigration restrictions and to not raise the low annual supply of H-1B visas, which has been exhausted every year for the past 15 fiscal years," said NFAP executive director Stuart Anderson, former head of policy at the Immigration and Naturalisation Service under President George W Bush. Among the top companies with new H-1B petitions approved in 2016 were Cognizant (3,949), Infosys (2,376), TCS (2,040), Accenture (1,889), IBM (1,608), Wipro (1,474), Amazon (1,416), Tech Mahindra (1,228), CapGemini (1,164), Microsoft (1,145), HCL America (1,041), Intel (1,030), Deloitte (985), Google (924), Larsen &Toubro (870), PricewaterhouseCoopers (713), Ernst & Young (649), Apple (631), Syntel (583), Facebook (472), Oracle (427), Cisco (380), Mindtree (327), Goldman Sachs (287), UST Global (283), JPMorganChase (271), IGATE (255), Stanford (221), Yahoo! (206) and KPMG (198). An analysis of US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) data on FY16 H-1B petitions shows, similar to FY15, approximately 25,000 different US employers hired at least one high-skilled foreign national on a new H-1B petition in 2016. Employers in manufacturing include Tesla Motors with 108 approved new H-1B petitions and Cummins with 197. Uber had 121 approved H-1B petitions in FY16, eBay 115, and the Mayo Clinic 111. National Foundation for American Policy said the April 2017 unemployment rate in the US for "computer and mathematical science" occupations was 2.5 per cent a very low rate, even lower than the 4.4 percent for "all occupations," according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The unemployment rate for "architecture and engineering" occupations is even lower at 2.1 percent, it said, adding this illustrates a disconnect between reality and claims that high-skilled foreign nationals are preventing US workers from pursuing careers in tech fields. According to Code.org, Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicate there will be "1.4 million more software development jobs than applicants who can fill them by 2020 and there are more than 500,000 open computing jobs nationwide." An analysis by Glassdoor shows 9 of the 10 highest paying majors for US students 5 years out of college are in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) fields, the report said. The report disputed the figures of the Trump Administration that about 80 percent of the H-1B workers are paid less than the median wage in their fields. "This statistic is misleading as it relies on a Department of Labor database that includes multiple applications for the same individuals, since a new filing is generally required when an H-1B professional moves to a new area," the report said. "That means it "double or triple counts anyone who works in more than one geographic location (primarily younger workers sent to multiple offices)." Moreover, it may not reflect what employers actually pay individual workers, only the minimum required to be listed for government filing purposes. The median salary in 2015 for H-1B computer-related recipients who have worked about three years (listed as "continuing employment" in DHS data) was about USD7,000 higher than the median salary in the industry," the report said. The foundation argued that H-1B temporary visas are important as they are typically the only practical way a high-skilled foreign national working abroad or an international student educated in the United States can work long-term in America. At US universities, 77 percent of the full-time graduate students in electrical engineering and 71 percent in computer science are international students. Reforms to increase the labor mobility of H-1B visas, raise the employment-based green card quota and eliminate the per country limit would be welcome but are not currently on the agenda. New restrictions on high skilled immigration are more likely, it said. "In today's global economy, companies and high-skilled professionals possess many options," said Anderson. "The United States should maintain an openness toward high-skilled immigration or those options likely will not be in America," he added. #Capgemini#Donald trump#George w. bush#H-1b visa#Infosys#Larsen&amp;toubro#Mindtree#National foundation for american policy#Tata consultancy services#Tech mahindra#Wipro Published Date: Jun 06, 2017 12:18 pm | Updated Date: Jun 06, 2017 12:23 pm Also See Donald Trump administration gives nod to tougher visa norms, including social media checks Narendra Modi's US visit: Having low expectations from Donald Trump may not be a bad thing for India H-1B visas: Bill seeking exemption for foreign-born PhD students re-introduced in Congress Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 9 NZ Vs BAN 2 Jun 10 ENG Vs AUS 3 Jun 11 IND Vs SA 4 Jun 12 SL Vs PAK 5 Jun 14 A1 Vs B2 Full Schedule Top Stories Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Loan waiver is no solution, but does govt have any other ideas? Need Political Will to Save Farmers From Economic Collapse: MS Swaminathan Live French Open 2017, Day 12, tennis scores and updates: Timea Bacsinszky in action against Jelena Ostapenko James Comey testimony LIVE: Washington on edge ahead of former FBI director's Senate hearing Are you a salaried employee or a consultant. Find out about your tax benefits Treat Madhya Pradesh farmers' protest with urgency; a contagion could deepen the crisis Madhya Pradesh farmers' strike: Rahul Gandhi’s antics mean little but BJP must address crisis Kollywood's in crisis, with its films failing, GST looming, and political instability in Tamil Nadu Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs SL Live Now ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK Vs SA Pakistan beat South Africa by 19 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs NZ England beat New Zealand by 87 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs BAN Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND Vs PAK India beat Pakistan by 124 runs (D/L method) Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 29 runs (D/L method) ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL Vs SA South Africa beat Sri Lanka by 96 runs Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs AUS - Jun 10th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SA - Jun 11th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 12th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs PAK - Jun 12th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A1 vs B2 - Jun 14th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 15th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 A2 vs B1 - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Zimbabwe in Scotland, 2 ODI Series, 2017 SCO vs ZIM - Jun 15th, 2017, 03:15 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Latest News Dow 21,192 +18.02 +0.09% Nasdaq 6,292 -5.35 -0.08% S&P 500 2,434 +0.40 +0.02% 9:46 A.M. ET Updated U.S. jobless claims remain near lowest level in decades 9:46 A.M. ET James Comey testifies at blockbuster hearing in Senate: live blog and video 9:40 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite turns negative after briefly setting an intraday record in morning trade 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 9:35 A.M. ET Alibaba's stock soars toward record price gain, adding over $41 billion to market cap 9:34 A.M. ET CCTV Shows Police Shooting London Bridge Attackers 9:34 A.M. ET Updated Euro retreats from 6-month high after ECB comments 9:34 A.M. ET Updated This city is helping its employees pay off their student loans 9:32 A.M. ET U.S. stocks open flat as investors look ahead to U.K. election, Comey testimony 9:32 A.M. ET S&P 500, Dow trade at break-even levels at the open, ahead of Comey testimony 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Nasdaq Composite touches intraday record at the open 6,311.89 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stock market opens slightly higher on jam-packed Thursday 9:30 A.M. ET Coastal and Cosmopolitan Valencia Attracts Expats 9:26 A.M. ET Pandora extends pre-closing period in KKR investment, exploring alternatives 9:25 A.M. ET ECB live blog recap: Mario Draghi takes ‘baby step’ toward cutting stimulus 9:21 A.M. ET Updated Comey’s juicy Trump account leaves some big questions unanswered 9:18 A.M. ET Draghi concludes ECB news conference 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring 9:12 A.M. ET Pandora shares up 2% in premarket after extending pre-closing period in KKR investment Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Sierra Wireless Innovation Summit Provides Forum for Customers and Partners to Offer Insights on Latest IoT Technologies By Published: June 6, 2017 3:09 a.m. ET Share Keynotes by Sierra Wireless CTO, PwC, Google and Flex will be featured, along with technology demonstrations, at 5th annual Innovation Summit for IoT developers and business leaders VANCOUVER, British Columbia & PARIS, Jun 06, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Sierra Wireless SWIR, +4.56% (SW), a leading provider of fully integrated device-to-cloud solutions for the Internet of Things (IoT), today announced that technical experts and business leaders in the IoT ecosystem will converge, exchange and learn about key topics, such as LPWA, 5G, IoT security, open source, Smart SIMs and the vision for global connectivity, at the fifth annual Innovation Summit, June 13, 2017, at the Paris Novotel Tour Eiffel. The event offers both business and technical tracks, as well as customer and partner demonstrations of the company’s latest mangOH™ open hardware, Legato™ Platform and Ready-to-Connect technology. Highly anticipated presentations include: Renaud Perrier, Head of Google Cloud ISV Partnerships, EMEA & APAC, sharing ideas about how cloud technology and capabilities will simplify the adoption of IoT solutions in the enterprise; Vaibhav Parmar, Partner, PwC, speaking about how businesses are transforming thanks to IoT technology; Wade Lindsey, Director Product Management, Connected Living, and Djordje Simic, Senior Connectivity Expert, Flex, speaking about connecting people, vehicles and the home; and Philippe Guillemette, Chief Technology Officer, Sierra Wireless, discussing the future of IoT networks and the implications for businesses. Sessions include: 5G for the IoT: New Business Enabled by 5G, a panel discussion featuring executives from the GSMA, Intel, Orange, Qualcomm and OT Morpho, moderated by Adarsh Krishnan, Senior Analyst at ABI Research; Real-world use cases and business perspectives presented by Sierra Wireless customers, including Hino Motors (a Toyota Group company), Invers, Zobox Limited and Arval about their own connected applications, moderated by Robin Duke-Woolley, Founder and CEO of Beecham Research; How Open Source Technologies are Transforming the Industrial IoT, with Ashish Syal, Founder of the mangOH Platform and Jen Chitty, Lead Architect of the Legato Open Source Linux Platform; Security in the IoT Space, with Larry Leblanc, Chief Engineer, Security, Sierra Wireless; Cellular LPWA: Current Status and Deployments, with Nicolas Damour, Senior Manager, Business & Innovation and Thierry Uguen, Director, Product Line Management, Sierra Wireless; Global Connectivity: Fact or Fiction?, with Cyril Hullin, VP Product Marketing, Cloud & Connectivity Services, Sierra Wireless; and Tutorials and hands-on workshops for building IoT applications and connecting them through the cloud. The showroom will feature 24 live IoT demonstrations showcasing tomorrow's technologies in action, including Sierra Wireless’ Ready-to-Connect module with embedded Smart SIM connecting sensor data from a (miniature) rally vehicle, and sending that data through the mobile network to the AirVantage® IoT platform. Innovation Summit sponsors include platinum sponsors Flex and Intel, along with Jabil, Qualcomm, Altair Semiconductor, L&T Technology Services, Mediatek, OT Morpho, Simulity, Taoglas Antenna Solutions and USI. For more information about the Sierra Wireless Innovation Summit and to register, visit http://summit.sierrawireless.com. Follow @SierraWireless on Twitter and #SWIS2017 for the latest news and developments. About Sierra Wireless Sierra Wireless SWIR, +4.56% (SW) is building the Internet of Things with intelligent wireless solutions that empower organizations to innovate in the connected world. Customers Start with Sierra because we offer the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of 2G, 3G and 4G embedded modules and gateways, seamlessly integrated with our secure cloud and connectivity services. OEMs and enterprises worldwide trust our innovative solutions to get their connected products and services to market faster. Sierra Wireless has more than 1,100 employees globally and operates R&D centers in North America, Europe and Asia. For more information, visit www.sierrawireless.com. Connect with Sierra Wireless on the IoT Blog at http://www.sierrawireless.com/iot-blog, on Twitter at @SierraWireless, on LinkedIn at http://www.linkedin.com/company/sierra-wireless and on YouTube at http://www.youtube.com/SierraWireless. “mangOH”, “Legato”, “AirVantage” and “Sierra Wireless” are trademarks of Sierra Wireless. Other product or service names mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170606005658/en/ SOURCE: Sierra Wireless"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@sierrawireless Sierra Wireless Kim Homeniuk, +1 604 233 8028 khomeniuk@sierrawireless.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage This is why the Midwest will be the hottest retirement destination Need an antidote to the Triple Threat? This unloved stock is poised for revival 3 reasons why this couple is ignoring their 401(k) accounts in early retirement Quote References SWIR +1.30 +4.56% Most Popular Why house prices in gay neighborhoods are soaring Stock market set to open slightly higher as ‘Super Thursday’ gets under way Bill Gross warns U.S. market risk is at highest since 2008 crisis Four big events that are prompting investors to sell stocks and buy bonds and gold Women and Alcohol: One Glass a Day Linked to Cancer MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Sierra Wireless Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SWIR $29.80 +1.30 (+4.56%) Volume 94411 Open $28.65 High $29.80 Low $28.65 P/E Ratio 65.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 918.9M Sierra Wireless Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SWIR $29.80 +1.30 (+4.56%) Volume 94411 Open $28.65 High $29.80 Low $28.65 P/E Ratio 65.55 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 918.9M
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Reviews Shop Computers MacBook Air 2017 Price, New Specs: It Lives But Is It Really Necessary? By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on June 6, 2017 01:48 PM Last month, a piece from Bloomberg reporting on the fate of Mac products was published on the Internet. The most interesting bit of the report was the part where it says Apple is still not done with the MacBook Air. According to the said report, the Cupertino company has decided not to discontinue its first ultra-light laptop and give it a few upgrades instead. Unfortunately, a new statement from someone who calls themselves the Foxconn Insider claims that the MacBook Air has been discontinued. According to the source, the last time they checked, the laptop is indeed discontinued. However, the group did not close the idea of a product refresh. For a MacBook Air fan, this bit of news is rather frustrating. Apple has already made a decision last year that the replacement for the MacBook Air is the new MacBook Pro. Fortunately, fresh off of this year’s WWDC 2017 event, it seems like the laptop will still see the light of day. The two laptops are roughly the same weight and dimensions, with the MacBook Pro performing better with a faster processor. However it seems like not a lot of Mac fans bought the same crap from Apple. Instead, the company has seen an increase of sales for the MacBook Air of late. MacBoox Air (via apple.com) Reasons why people loved the MacBook Air It is quite obvious that the MacBook Air has had its fair share of ups and downs over the years. When it first released back in 2008, everyone went crazy. Especially when Steve Jobs took out the 11-inch version from inside a manila envelope for everyone to see. Eventually, the spell broke a few years later when a number of users have complained of the quality and robustness of the laptop. This prompted a redesign which leads us to the current look of the MacBook Air now. Since the second generation, Apple only did incremental upgrades to the laptop by changing the processor as well as memory and storage with every iteration. However, one cannot deny that the MacBook Air has made a special place in all Mac aficionados next to the MacBook Pro. The main reason why most Mac users loved the MacBook Air is the price. Right now, the basic 13-inch model costs only $999. This is a rather small amount to pay compared to it supposed replacement of $1,499. The next reason is, it is a performer. Of course, compared to a MacBook Pro, the MacBook Air only comes second. However, if one wants to compare it to a product with the same build style, i.e. the MacBook, one will still choose the MacBook Air. Furthermore, while performing better than the MacBook, the Air is still cheaper in comparison to it. The cheapest MacBook is priced at $1,299 and it only runs on an Intel m3 processor. MacBook Air compared to a MacBook Pro (via apple.com) Thirdly, in addition to performance, the MacBook Air lasts longer than most Apple laptops. There is no denying that that 12-hour battery life is one of the best things about the MacBook Air. It lasts two full-hours compared to the MacBook Pro and the MacBook. Finally, the Air offers an in-between option for Mac fans. Being able to select the middle ground in terms of performance and price is something that is quite attractive to any consumer. This is especially true since Apple products do not come cheap. Having a cheaper, better performing laptop, minus a great display, is enough for an entry-level Mac user. Is the MacBook Air still relevant? The honest answer is no. As sad as it may sound, the MacBook Air is quite dated. The display, compared to newer models, tend to feel a bit claustrophobic due to low resolution. Furthermore, knowing that a lighter MacBook had been available for years, the Air feels a bit heavier than it usually is. Unfortunately, many would probably agree that the laptop it still far better to use than the MacBook. The only time that the Air will become completely irrelevant is when Apple decides to make the original MacBook as its successor. Right now, many consumers still find the MacBook quite steep when it comes to pricing. Granted, one would be getting a superb display, however, it is undeniable that it still lacks in punch. The Intel m series processor is still a far cry from a full-fledged desktop or laptop processor. Life after the MacBook Air Sadly, discontinuing the MacBook Air meant that consumers will lose that middle ground. They will be forced to buy either the MacBook or the MacBook Pro. In hindsight, this is quite an ingenious plan; a strategy called up-selling. The way it works is by giving consumers limited options. Those who are undecided will eventually choose the next best thing in the choices as a compromise. MacBook Air vs MacBook (via newatlas.com) For instance, most medium to heavy users choose that MacBook Air. Since this will not be an option anymore, they will be forced to select the next best thing, which is the MacBook Pro. This will ensure that they have enough in terms of performance. On the other hand, this can also mean some loss for Apple. Since the MacBook Pro is quite pricey, even compared to the top-tier MacBook Air, many might opt out and choose another brand instead. A Surface Pro with an Intel i5 processor is roughly the same price as the MacBook. It offers far more conveniences like touch display and good portability than any of the Mac laptops. Although one might argue that the Surface Pro is technically a tablet but one should not forget that it is actually a 2-in-1 device. Whether or not Mac fans are ready to bid the MacBook Air goodbye, it will be discontinued eventually. Apple has already discontinued the smaller MacBook Air immediately after the release of the MacBook Pro. It will not be long before the laptop shares the same fate as its litter sister. For more tech updates, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Also read: WWDC 2017: What to Expect and How to Watch Event Livestream MacBook Air 2017 Price, New Specs: It Lives But Is It Really Necessary? June 6th, 2017Kiko Antonio Share Tweet Share Share Email Related Items:featured, MacBook Air 2017 specs, Price, release date Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Analyst Weighs in on Project Scorpio Price: Much Cheaper Than You Think Apple News 2017: 32-bit Apps To Be Phased Out Immediately After macOS High Sierra Release Fallout 5 Release Date Rumors: Game Coming From BattleCry Studios? E3 2017 Reveal Expected Product VicTsing 3 In 1 Fisheye + 0.65X Wide Angle + Macro Lens For IPhone TOMOKO Mechanical Gaming Keyboard With 104 Keys Anti-Ghosting VicTsing MM057 2.4G Wireless Portable Mobile Mouse Optical Mice with USB Receiver, 5 Adjustable DPI Levels, 6 Buttons for Notebook, PC, Laptop, Computer, Macbook – Black NVidia GTX 1070 Razer Blade Stealth Ninite About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Injustice 2: Understanding SonicFox’s Top 10 Characters For Competitive Play Pokemon GO Fest Introduces Real-World Events, Anniversary Celebration Starts Next Week Pokemon GO Legendary Event Discovered In Chicago Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS Tekken 7 Handles Loot Better Than Injustice 2, But Reveals Its Lack Of Content Unlike Injustice 2, Tekken 7 has a wealth of cosmetic items that can be... Analyst Claims Borderlands 3 Release In Summer 2018, No Red Dead Redemption 2 At E3 2017 Known industry analyst Michael Pachter has made some interesting predictions for E3 2017. Based... Bully 2: Kevin’s Back Jack PS4 Listing Surfaces Online, Release Date In Fall In a surprising bit of news that no one expected, a listing for Bully... Dissidia Final Fantasy NT Roster Could Have These Characters Square Enix just announced the Dissidia Final Fantasy game coming to the PlayStation 4... Pokemon GO Legendary Event Discovered In Chicago Niantic is cooking something up for this summer as the developer is set to... POPULAR TAGS featured Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One mobile gaming Sony Nintendo Samsung iPhone google Pokemon Ubisoft ps4 Playstation 3 The Division no man's sky facebook iOS PC pokemon sun and moon EA Editors Pick playstation 4 fallout 4 Pokemon Go Update Overwatch Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller NBA 2k17 Blizzard iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones games PlayStation About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright © 2017 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home News Mobiles Reviews How to Features Top 10 Mobiles Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Camera Reviews How To Features Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Computer  |  News  | Apple iMac launched with Intel Kaby Lake; iMac Pro to arrive in December Apple iMac launched with Intel Kaby Lake; iMac Pro to arrive in December By: Abhinaya Prabhu Updated: Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 16:07 [IST] At the WWDC 2017, Apple unveiled the updated iMac models along with the MacBook, MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, and iPad Pro models. The company also teased the new iMac Pro, which is believed to be the most powerful Mac launched ever. The new iMac is claimed to feature the best Mac display ever as it is said to be 43% brighter with a peek brightness of 500 nits. It is also said to support one billion colors. The device is equipped with Intel Kaby Lake processors that can be clocked up to 4.2GHz with the Turbo Boost technology. It is said to support up to twice the amount of memory as the previous models. Apple iMac has been launched with a 21.5-inch display and a 21.5-inch iMac Retina 4K display and a 27-inch iMac Retina 4K display. These variants of the iMac models are priced starting from $1,099 and go up to $1,799. The iMacs will be based on macOS High Sierra that will arrive this fall. The new iMac models will be available for pre-order starting from Monday via the official Apple website. The Fusion Drives are said to be standard on all the variants and there are additional SSD storage options that are up to 50% faster. The iMac comes with support for USB Type-C port with Thunderbolt. The base model of the iMac will have the Intel Iris Plus Graphics that is claimed to be 80% faster than the previous generation GPU. The new 21.5-inch model with iMac Retina 4K will have the AMD Radeon Pro 555 and 560 graphics units. These are said to be 3x faster than the previous gen graphics unit. Besides announcing the new iMac lineup, the company also teased that the iMac Pro will have a 27-inch Retina 4K display and use up to 18-core Xeon processors. The device might be shipped in December this year and be priced from $4,999 in the U.S. As mentioned above, this iMac Pro is said to be the most powerful iMac launched ever. The company detailed a new thermal architecture claimed to offer 80% higher cooling capacity. Also, the device supports 4TB SSD, 128GB ECC RAM, 10GB Ethernet and four Thunderbolt 3 ports. Apple iPhone 8 81,600(Expected Price) Specs Competitors Images +8 Read More About apple | iMac | news | computers | wwdc Story first published: Tuesday, June 6, 2017, 12:15 [IST] Other articles published on Jun 6, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... How to stay safe on Instagram: Simple tips that you can follow Best Indian smartphones from Micromax, LYF, Intex, Lava, Karbonn and more New color variants of Moto E4 surface online Featured Posts Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Gizbot in Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Explore Gizbot News Gear Tablet Laptop Mobile Gadgets Features How-To Computer Gadget Finder Other Greynium Sites Oneindia Filmibeat Boldsky Drivespark Goodreturns Native Planet Careerindia Clickin Download Oneindia App Google Play App Store Follow Gizbot Daily Updates Get Gizbot Alerts Get Push Notifications About Us | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Newsletters | Apps | RSS | Advertise with Us | Work for Us | Contact Us | Site Feedback | Sitemap © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Apple MacBook Gets Kaby Lake and Better Storage Options Azeem Ullah 2 days ago Like the iMacs, the MacBook lineup has received its share of upgrades as well – with better processors and storage options. In terms of design and looks, nothing has changed from last year’s Apple MacBook models. 12 and 13-inch Models For starters, all the laptops are getting support for 7th-gen Intel Kaby Lake, which particularly benefits the 12-inch MacBook. This particular model also gets a faster SSD and the new butterfly switch keyboard, starting at $1299. It is also getting a 1.3 GHz Core M (boost up to 3.6 GHz) processor, while the memory options are twice as better. This year’s 12-inch MacBook still has a waistline of 13.1 mm. Next is the 13-inch MacBook Pro, which is getting a 3.5 GHz dual-core Core i7 processor (boost up to 4.0 GHz, Iris Plus graphics and up to 64MB eDRAM). The model will be available with or without the Touch Bar, while the display is a 500-nit Retina one. The models start at $1299 for the non-Touch Bar model, or $1799 with it. Additionally there are two different storage options for the non-touch bar 13-inch MacBook. The 128 GB model starts at $1,299 while the 256 GB model will retain its original $1,499 price. 15-inch MacBook Pro and MacBook Air For the 15-inch Pro model, Apple is standardizing discreet graphics. Processor options include up to a 3.1 GHz Core i7, though there are more cores here than in the smaller version. As for the graphics, those will be handled by AMD’s solutions. This model, which comes with the Touch Bar as standard, will be available starting from $2399. As for connectivity, USB-C is still the name of the game as far as wired connections are concerned. Lastly, Apple has updated the MacBook Air, which comes with a faster 1.8 GHz Intel Broadwell CPU. The new MacBooks are already available for users to buy. After the bad start of the last MacBook 8 months back, Apple will hope things take a turn for the better this time around. Primary Sidebar Viral Stories This Baloch Girl Broke Stereotypes By Winning International Karate Competitions Lakson Investments to be the First Venture Capitalist Firm in Pakistan Serena Hotels Hosts National Tourism Conference Whatsapp Brings Photo Filters, Albums & More to iOS 'Fake' NAB Chairman Exposes Pathetic Security in Govt Departments Buyer Goes to Court Over Rs. 400 Charger in Pakistan These Are the 10 Craziest Concept Cars in 2017 Latest Today Is Atif Bajwa Going to be the Next Governor of SBP? These Blind Girls Are Becoming Haafiz e Quran Using Braille Get into the Ramzan Spirit with Yayvo's 'Box of Hope' Jazz Launches All-in-One Ramzan Offer None of the Muslim Countries Ranked in Asia-Pacific's Innovative Universities List Ten iOS 11 Features We're Most Looking Forward to Fulbright Program Faces 47% Budget Cut Home Contact Us Privacy Policy Mobile Packages Mobile Prices © 2016 Copyright Propakistani.pk
Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to primary sidebar Home Packages Telecom Startups Gadgets Contact Apple Updates the iMacs and Launches New Space Gray Pro Model Azeem Ullah 2 days ago The iMacs were the center of attention at this year’s WWDC. This year’s event sees not only the older all-in-ones get updated, but the addition of a new iMac Pro, Apple’s most powerful PC ever. Updated iMacs iMac 21.5 and 27 inch models 2017 First up, Apple is updating its base iMacs with better internals, displays as well as connectivity options. The new displays support up to a billion colors as well as 500 nits of brightness. They will be available in the same 21.5 and 27-inch versions, supporting up to 4K resolution. Like the new MacBooks, they come with Intel’s new Kaby Lake processors, clocked at up to 4.2 GHz (boost to 4.5 GHz). For the 21.5-inch model, the RAM options go all the way to 32 GB. For the 27-inch one, you can boost RAM by 64 GB. As for the storage, all 27-inch iMacs come with Fusion Drive, as does the high-end 21.5-inch Mac. The lower-end of the smaller breed gets up to 2 TB SSDs, which are 50% faster. Discrete graphics come as standard on 4K 21.5-inch model models, with options varying from the Radeon Pro 555 to 4 GB 560, with those on 5K 27-inch ranging between Radeon Pro 570, 575 and 8 GB 580 on the larger one. VR support is finally implemented almost across the board in the series. All models come with two Thunderbolt 3 ports. Overall, the 21.5 and 27-inch Mac options are 75% and 50% faster than their predecessors, respectively. Prices start at $1099 for the entry-level 21.5-inch Mac, while $200 extra gets you 4K. The top-end 27-inch 4K iMac will set you back by $1799. They’re available starting today. The iMac Pro, Apple’s Fastest Computer Ever iMac Pro 2017   Apple also introduced an all new Space Gray-finished iMac Pro with matching accessories, that is being marketed as the spiritual successor to the cylindrical Mac Pro. With the Pro all-in-one, Apple has decided to throw the best of everything it can get and that includes the price: $4999 for the base model when it ships this December. The display here is a 27-inch Retina 5K one with up to a billion colors. It is powered by up to an 18-core Intel Xeon processor, while graphics needs are handled by AMD’s much-awaited Vega with 16 GB VRAM. Overall, the iMac Pro will provide up to 22 Teraflops of performance. The system’s cooling has been redone to be 80% better. Storage options go up to 4 TB and 128 GB ECC memory, 10 GB Ethernet as well as 4 Thunderbolt 3 ports are also included. Primary Sidebar Viral Stories This Baloch Girl Broke Stereotypes By Winning International Karate Competitions Lakson Investments to be the First Venture Capitalist Firm in Pakistan Serena Hotels Hosts National Tourism Conference Whatsapp Brings Photo Filters, Albums & More to iOS 'Fake' NAB Chairman Exposes Pathetic Security in Govt Departments Buyer Goes to Court Over Rs. 400 Charger in Pakistan These Are the 10 Craziest Concept Cars in 2017 Latest Today Is Atif Bajwa Going to be the Next Governor of SBP? These Blind Girls Are Becoming Haafiz e Quran Using Braille Get into the Ramzan Spirit with Yayvo's 'Box of Hope' Jazz Launches All-in-One Ramzan Offer None of the Muslim Countries Ranked in Asia-Pacific's Innovative Universities List Ten iOS 11 Features We're Most Looking Forward to Fulbright Program Faces 47% Budget Cut Home Contact Us Privacy Policy Mobile Packages Mobile Prices © 2016 Copyright Propakistani.pk
News    Turtle Beach announces new headsets, first to use latest Xbox Wireless TechnologyMarvelous Europe announces Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash Girls of Paradise CEPokémon GO has a real world and in game summer event planned to celebrate the one year anniversaryGTA Online: Gunrunning trailer features lots of running and gunsTumbleSeed developer will tweak the difficulty, make it more approachableVelocity 2X is getting Critical Mass Edition on PS4 and VitaVIEW ALL Reviews    ARMS ReviewThe Town of Light ReviewMXGP3 ReviewDirt 4 ReviewWipEout Omega Collection ReviewTokyo 42 ReviewVIEW ALL Features    GiaG’s E3 2017 hopes and predictions: David HunterPodcast: Two halves of splendor (07/06/17)GiaG’s E3 2017 hopes and predictions: Gary Baileyiheartvideogames #003 – Vikki BlakeGiaG’s E3 2017 hopes and predictions: Nick GillhamEverything I want to see in Forza 7VIEW ALL Videos    Watch us unbox the Persona 5 Take Your Heart EditionWatch: Senior Level Designer Tomasz Pruski talks Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 locations, mechanics, and designLet’s Unbox NieR: Automata Black Box EditionLet’s Play: Super Bomberman RNintendo Switch Unboxed… by usWhat’s the Nintendo Switch UI like, then?VIEW ALL Guides    10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsEight tips to make you a sniping machine in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3Seven tips to help you in Yooka-LayleeSeven tips for mastering the multiplayer in Mass Effect: AndromedaSeven tips to help you become a great Pathfinder in Mass Effect: AndromedaSix tips to help you become a Master Builder in LEGO WorldsVIEW ALL Previews    LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Preview: “the most ambitious thing we’ve ever done”Crash Bandicoot: N’ Sane Trilogy goes the extra mile to retain the game in your headThe Nintendo Switch is the definitive home for ThumperPreview: Here’s a glimpse of what Far Cry 5 will offerShadow of War will incorporate the Nemesis System on a whole new levelChildren of Zodiarcs is a tactical RPG with a big differenceVIEW ALL Support GodisaGeek on Patreon   SECTIONS News    Turtle Beach announces new headsets, first to use latest Xbox Wireless TechnologyMarvelous Europe announces Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash Girls of Paradise CEPokémon GO has a real world and in game summer event planned to celebrate the one year anniversaryGTA Online: Gunrunning trailer features lots of running and gunsTumbleSeed developer will tweak the difficulty, make it more approachableVelocity 2X is getting Critical Mass Edition on PS4 and VitaVIEW ALL Reviews    ARMS ReviewThe Town of Light ReviewMXGP3 ReviewDirt 4 ReviewWipEout Omega Collection ReviewTokyo 42 ReviewVIEW ALL Features    GiaG’s E3 2017 hopes and predictions: David HunterPodcast: Two halves of splendor (07/06/17)GiaG’s E3 2017 hopes and predictions: Gary Baileyiheartvideogames #003 – Vikki BlakeGiaG’s E3 2017 hopes and predictions: Nick GillhamEverything I want to see in Forza 7VIEW ALL Videos    Watch us unbox the Persona 5 Take Your Heart EditionWatch: Senior Level Designer Tomasz Pruski talks Sniper Ghost Warrior 3 locations, mechanics, and designLet’s Unbox NieR: Automata Black Box EditionLet’s Play: Super Bomberman RNintendo Switch Unboxed… by usWhat’s the Nintendo Switch UI like, then?VIEW ALL Guides    10 tips to get the most out of Portal KnightsEight tips to make you a sniping machine in Sniper Ghost Warrior 3Seven tips to help you in Yooka-LayleeSeven tips for mastering the multiplayer in Mass Effect: AndromedaSeven tips to help you become a great Pathfinder in Mass Effect: AndromedaSix tips to help you become a Master Builder in LEGO WorldsVIEW ALL Previews    LEGO Marvel Super Heroes 2 Preview: “the most ambitious thing we’ve ever done”Crash Bandicoot: N’ Sane Trilogy goes the extra mile to retain the game in your headThe Nintendo Switch is the definitive home for ThumperPreview: Here’s a glimpse of what Far Cry 5 will offerShadow of War will incorporate the Nemesis System on a whole new levelChildren of Zodiarcs is a tactical RPG with a big differenceVIEW ALL Support GodisaGeek on Patreon     REGISTER @   LOGIN INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact INFO INFO Support us on Patreon Advertise Our Team Game of the Month Where do you keep your Ketchup? Contact Newsletter SUBSCRIBE   previous Watch a special Pokémon Direct at 3 PM today    random   next GiaG's E3 2017 hopes and predictions: Gary Bailey  Apple partners with HTC Vive and embraces VR Virtual Reality by Mikhail Madnani on June 6, 2017   Apple finally embraces virtual reality at WWDC and partners with HTC Vive. At WWDC 2017′s keynote that took place last night, Apple announced their commitment to Virtual Reality. They had a demo with ILM and Unreal on the HTC Vive. An external GPU will allow developers and creators everywhere to use SteamVR beta on macOS High Sierra and HTC Vive on MacBooks. With this HTC Vive has now partnered with Intel, Google, and Apple. Here’s how Virtual Reality experiences can be created in High Sierra from the official macOS High Sierra site: macOS High Sierra lets developers create interactive virtual reality experiences on Mac for the first time, using the new iMac with Retina 5K display, the new iMac Pro coming in late 2017, or any supported Mac paired with an external GPU.3 Along with key peripherals like the HTC Vive VR headset and apps like Final Cut Pro X, SteamVR, Epic Unreal 4 Editor, and Unity Editor, developers will have everything they need to create immersive new worlds for you to explore. The Vive ecosystem is growing daily and partnering with Apple is a huge deal for all parties involved. With Google and Apple both partnering with HTC Vive, it is no doubt here to stay in the tech space just like VR. scrolling="no" frameborder="0" style="border:none; overflow:hidden; width:80px; height:62px;" allowTransparency="true"> News, vr appleapple macos vrhtc vivemacossteamvrVirtual Reality Mikhail MadnaniPart time writer part time JRPG and indie game enthusiast, Mikhail Madnani spends far too much time listening to video game music on Vinyl like a true hipster from India. MORE LIKE THIS     Apple redesigns the App Store, greater focus on Games  Apple just announced that developer earnings from the App Store have crossed $70 Billion  Android and Apple devices get PES 2017 today  Apple just unveiled the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus (PRODUCT)RED Special Editions  Apple just announced a new 9.7 inch iPad to replace the iPad Air 2  Apple celebrates indie games in a new permanent feature on the App Store  Newly Added Turtle Beach announces new headsets, first to use latest Xbox Wireless Technology   Marvelous Europe announces Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash Girls of Paradise CE  Pokémon GO has a real world and in game summer event planned to celebrate the one year anniversary  GTA Online: Gunrunning trailer features lots of running and guns  Shenmue III delayed to the second half of 2018  Latest Reviews ARMS Review 9.0   The Town of Light Review  MXGP3 Review  Dirt 4 Review  WipEout Omega Collection Review  Random Video Latest PODCAST Podcast: Two halves of splendor (07/06/17) Full Story   Turtle Beach announces new headsets, first to use latest Xbox Wireless Technology by Mikhail Madnanion June 8, 2017 Scorpio. Marvelous Europe announces Senran Kagura Peach Beach Splash Girls of Paradise CE by Mikhail Madnanion June 8, 2017 Adult Splatoon Pokémon GO has a real world and in game summer event planned to celebrate the one year anniversary by Mikhail Madnanion June 8, 2017 Summer GTA Online: Gunrunning trailer features lots of running and guns by Nick Gillhamon June 8, 2017 The Ronseal of game DLC trailers Shenmue III delayed to the second half of 2018 by Mikhail Madnanion June 8, 2017 Forklift TumbleSeed developer will tweak the difficulty, make it more approachable by Mikhail Madnanion June 8, 2017 Tweak Velocity 2X is getting Critical Mass Edition on PS4 and Vita by David Hunteron June 7, 2017 Speeding onto consoles. Radiant Historia: Perfect Chronology and SMT: Strange Journey Redux head Westward by Mikhail Madnanion June 7, 2017 FINALLY Etrian Odyssey V releases this Fall in the Americas on Nintendo 3DS by Mikhail Madnanion June 7, 2017 Atlus USA finally announced the localization of Etrian Odyssey V. Etrian Odyssey V: Beyond the Myth is the fifth numbered Etrian Odyssey game and will be released in Fall in the Americas. Watch the announcement trailer below: Here are some features: A Choose-your-own-odyssey Feel – Starting with the creation of your party to exploring the […] 1234567 1234567 Reviews Latest Reviews PC PS4 Wii U Xbox One Community Facebook Podcast RSS Twitter YouTube Video Shows Blindfold Gaming Debatable Family Gamer For Your Amusement NewsRound Reasons to be Cheerful Score Attack The Retrocast All content copyright GodisaGeek.com Fonts by Google Fonts. GJ WP!
HOME NEWS Channels Archive DOWNLOADS New Downloads Categories Archive GAME REVIEWS ARTICLES Rig of the Month Join ROTM PC Buyers Guide Guru3D VGA Charts Editorials Dated content HARDWARE REVIEWS Videocards Processors Audio Motherboards Memory and Flash SSD Storage Chassis Media Players Power Supply Laptop and Mobile Smartphone Networking Keyboard Mouse Cooling Search articles Knowledgebase More Categories FORUMS NEWSLETTER CONTACT New Reviews MSI X370 XPower KRAIT Gaming review Prey: PC graphics performance benchmark review Tech preview: Intel Core i9 Skylake-X processors Gigabyte GeForce GTX 1080 AORUS 11 Gbps review EK Fluid Gaming A240G CPU & GPU Liquid Cooling review Guru3D Rig of the Month - May 2017 Corsair Commander PRO Review Fractal Design Focus G review Cooler Master Cosmos II 25th Anniversary Edition Review Plextor M8Se 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD review New Downloads Display Driver Uninstaller Download version 17.0.6.6 CPU-Z download v1.79.1 Intel SSD Toolbox 3.4.6 Download Intel HD graphics Driver Download Version: 15.45.19.4678 HWiNFO64 Download v5.52 GPU-Z Download v2.1.0 GeForce 382.33 WHQL driver download FINAL FANTASY XIV: Stormblood Benchmark Download AMD Radeon Software Crimson ReLive 17.5.2 driver download GeForce Hotfix driver 382.19 download New Forum Topics Microsoft Will Fab Windows 10 Edition specifically for high-end PCs Samsung Employee in Wheelchair stole 8474 smartphones from HQ Review: MSI X370 XPower KRAIT Gaming The AMD Ryzen All In One Tread /Overclocking/Memory Speeds & Timings/Tweaking/Cooling Nvidia GeForce 382.33 Download & Discussion gtx 750ti or gtx 1050 New Upcoming ATI/AMD GPU's Thread: Leaks, Hopes & Aftermarket GPU's Star Trek Bridge Crew Gears of War 4: Unreal Engine 4 unleashed! Vampyr Guru3D.com » News » MSI announces Infinite Gaming desktop series MSI announces Infinite Gaming desktop series by Hilbert Hagedoorn on: 06/06/2017 07:20 AM | Source | 0 comment(s) MSI is expanding its Gaming Desktop line up with the MSI Infinite series. Inspired by gamers that have a never-ending desire to game and want infinite possibilities to play the way they want, the MSI Infinite A is the first model within the new series that captures this spirit. First displayed on Computex 2017 in Taipei, the design of Infinite’s case boasts elements of electric circuitry traces on the front side, which can be customized with RGB colors via MSI’s Mystic Light software. Infinite also features a side panel made of transparent tempered glass, adding to Infinites modern design and allowing gamers to glance at the hardware inside. Looking at the heart of this gaming beast, Infinite A tackles any challenging game by equipping MSI’s own award winning MSI GAMING graphics card. To support its endurance during transportation and cooling efficiency while gaming, the GAMING graphics card is installed vertically. Also housing Intel’s latest Intel® Core™ i7 or i5 processor, MSI Infinite A is destined to provide game-worthy performances. The system keeps your head cool by the implementation of MSI’s exclusive Silent Storm Cooling 3 thermal design, which focusses its cooling elements on specific chambers within the case, making Infinite’s cooling efficiency unmatched and quiet as an assassin at the same time.     Infinite series comes with MSI’s award-winning GAMING Graphics Card. The graphics card is installed vertically, supported by its motherboards Steel Armored PCI-E slot which ensures stability and endurance during transportation. Gamers can now enjoy the best in-game performance while the supreme TWIN FROZR VI cooler keeps your graphics card cool and quiet. Welcome to a True Gaming PC! Loaded with an Intel® Core™ i5 or i7 processor* combined with a GeForce® GTX graphics card, Infinite A is ready to provide a smooth display of VR content on your VR headset, such as the HTC Vive. MSI made it super easy to connect a VR headset by implementing VR Link, an HDMI-port on the front side of the system, supported by MSI’s One-click to VR software that automatically optimizes both system performance and prevents any software from impacting the VR experience. *Configuration varies by country. MSI crafted a unique way to keep the system as cool and quiet as possible by individually cooling the most important heat-generating hardware in the system using separated chambers. When performance really matters, Infinite is up to the task and delivers powerful gameplay without annoying gamers with noisy fans or overheating hardware. Rate this story Rating: 1 ... Bad 2 ... Not the best 3 ... Average 4 ... Good 5 ... Awesome « Radeon Pro Vega 56 graphics processor with 8GB of HBM2 memory · MSI announces Infinite Gaming desktop series · ELSA Releases GeForce GTX 1080 Ti 11GB S.A.C » Related Stories MSI Announces Frosty Limited Edition Trident 3 Arctic Gaming PC - 03/28/2017 04:52 PM MSI launched the Trident 3 Gaming PC beginning of this year. Praised by media and awarded with an IF Design award, MSI is announcing a chilled limited edition of their highly awarded gaming PC, Triden... MSI Announces Updated Cubi 2 Mini Desktop - 10/13/2016 09:06 AM MSI proudly announces its latest and smallest mini-PC to date: the MSI Cubi 2. This tiny desktop is built on a concept of nifty technology and is now upgraded with the latest Intel Kabylake-U power sa... MSI announces BIOS updates to bring Kaby Lake support to mobos - 09/30/2016 08:37 AM MSIis pleased to announce that all current MSI 100 series chipset motherboards fully support the next generation LGA 1151 socket processors. The BIOS updates are now made available for download via th... MSI Announces GeForce GTX 1060 3GB Gaming Series - 08/18/2016 03:56 PM MSI is proud to introduce brand new graphics cards based on NVIDIA's new Pascal GPU with fierce new looks and supreme performance to match. Featuring the same high build quality as its bigger brother... MSI announces GeForce GTX 1070 and 1080 Gaming Z - 07/06/2016 03:11 PM With a Z not an X. MSI is proud to unleash the ultimate premium Pascal-powered graphics cards. The exclusive MSI GeForce GTX 1080 GAMING Z 8G and MSI GeForce GTX 1070 GAMING Z 8G cards. As the last c... Post New Comment Click here to post a comment for this news story on the message forum. Guru3D.com © 2017
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope ↑ Grab this Headline Animator Thursday, Jun 08, 2017 | Last Update : 07:17 PM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks World, Americas 7 Indian companies in US receive fewer H-1B visas in 2016 PTI Published : Jun 6, 2017, 11:25 am IST Updated : Jun 6, 2017, 11:28 am IST The 9,356 new H-1B petitions for the India-based companies approved in '16 represent only 0.006 % of US labour force, a report said.  The companies experienced a drop of 5,436 approved petitions (37 per cent) in 2016 as compared to 2015, a report by the National Foundation for American Policy, a Washington-based non-profit think-tank said. (Photo: File/Representational) Washington: Top seven India-based outsourcing companies in the US received fewer H-1B visas in 2016 as compared to 2015, and as a group their numbers dropped 37 per cent, according to a new report. The companies experienced a drop of 5,436 approved petitions (37 per cent) in 2016 as compared to 2015, a report by the National Foundation for American Policy a Washington-based non-profit think-tank said. It said, the 9,356 new H-1B petitions for the top seven India-based companies approved in fiscal 2016 represent only 0.006 per cent of the US labour force. "While the threat of job loss has long been exaggerated by critics, it reaches illogical proportions when discussing fewer than 10,000 workers in an economy that employs 160 million workers nationwide," the National Foundation for American Policy said in a statement after releasing the report. According to the report, the number of approved new H-1B petitions for Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) declined by 56 per cent from FY 2015 to FY 2016, from 4,674 to 2,040, a drop of 2,634. For Wipro, the petitions declined by 52 per cent between FY 2015 and FY 2016, a drop of 1,605, going from 3,079 to 1,474 approved petitions for initial employment during those years. For Infosys, it declined by 16 per cent (or 454 petitions), with 2,376 approved H-1B petitions for initial employment in FY 2016, compared to 2,830 in FY 2015, said the report, which based its research on government data. "The drop in new H-1B visas for Indian-based companies, which is expected to continue when data are released on cases filed in April 2017 for FY 2018 start dates, is due to industry trends toward digital services such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence, which require fewer workers, and a choice by companies to rely less on visas and to build up their domestic work forces in the US," the report said. "H-1B petitions approved for initial employment in FY 2016 were filed by employers in April 2016, which means the drop in H-B visa use by these companies is not due to Donald Trump's election. In the past, US policymakers have used the number of visas going to Indian-based companies as a political or policy reason to propose new immigration restrictions and to not raise the low annual supply of H-1B visas, which has been exhausted every year for the past 15 fiscal years," said NFAP executive director Stuart Anderson, former head of policy at the Immigration and Naturalisation Service under President George W Bush. Among the top companies with new H-1B petitions approved in 2016 were Cognizant (3,949), Infosys (2,376), TCS (2,040), Accenture (1,889), IBM (1,608), Wipro (1,474), Amazon (1,416), Tech Mahindra (1,228), CapGemini (1,164), Microsoft (1,145), HCL America (1,041), Intel (1,030), Deloitte (985), Google (924), Larsen &Toubro (870), PricewaterhouseCoopers (713), Ernst & Young (649), Apple (631), Syntel (583), Facebook (472), Oracle (427), Cisco (380), Mindtree (327), Goldman Sachs (287), UST Global (283), JPMorganChase (271), IGATE (255), Stanford (221), Yahoo! (206) and KPMG (198). An analysis of US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) data on FY 2016 H-1B petitions shows, similar to FY 2015, approximately 25,000 different US employers hired at least one high-skilled foreign national on a new H-1B petition in 2016. Employers in manufacturing include Tesla Motors with 108 approved new H-1B petitions and Cummins with 197. Uber had 121 approved H-1B petitions in FY 2016, eBay 115, and the Mayo Clinic 111. National Foundation for American Policy said the April 2017 unemployment rate in the US for ‘computer and mathematical science’ occupations was 2.5 per cent, a very low rate, even lower than the 4.4 per cent for ‘all occupations,’ according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The unemployment rate for ‘architecture and engineering’ occupations is even lower at 2.1 per cent, it said, adding this illustrates a disconnect between reality and claims that high-skilled foreign nationals are preventing US workers from pursuing careers in tech fields. According to Code.org, Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicate there will be "1.4 million more software development jobs than applicants who can fill them by 2020 and there are more than 500,000 open computing jobs nationwide." An analysis by Glassdoor shows 9 of the 10 highest paying majors for US students 5 years out of college are in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) fields, the report said. The report disputed the figures of the Trump Administration that about 80 per cent of the H-1B workers are paid less than the median wage in their fields. "This statistic is misleading as it relies on a Department of Labour database that includes multiple applications for the same individuals, since a new filing is generally required when an H-1B professional moves to a new area," the report said. That means it "double or triple counts anyone who works in more than one geographic location (primarily younger workers sent to multiple offices)." Moreover, it may not reflect what employers actually pay individual workers, only the minimum required to be listed for government filing purposes. The median salary in 2015 for H-1B computer-related recipients who have worked about three years (listed as ‘continuing employment’ in DHS data) was about USD7,000 higher than the median salary in the industry," the report said. The foundation argued that H-1B temporary visas are important as they are typically the only practical way a high-skilled foreign national working abroad or an international student educated in the United States can work long term in America. At US universities, 77 per cent of the full-time graduate students in electrical engineering and 71 per cent in computer science are international students. Reforms to increase the labour mobility of H-1B visas, raise the employment-based green card quota and eliminate the per country limit would be welcome but are not currently on the agenda. New restrictions on high-skilled immigration are more likely, it said. "In today's global economy, companies and high-skilled professionals possess many options," said Anderson. "The United States should maintain an openness toward high-skilled immigration or those options will not likely be in America," he added. Tags: h-1b visa, it companies, us labour department, national foundation for american policy Location: United States, District of Columbia, Washington MOST POPULAR 1 'Battani' family of Hyderabad distributes 'fish prasad' which cures asthma 2 Video: Look at iOS 11's new 'Dark Mode' 3 Russian President Putin says he does not have ‘bad days’ like women do 4 Moto unveils Z2 Play at Rs 27,999 on Flipkart 5 Not Shraddha or Kriti, Tiger Shroff to romance Disha Patani in Baaghi 2 more Editors' Picks Hackers break Samsung Galaxy S8’s strong iris scanning security with great ease Rohit Sharma to be Virat Kohli’s Team India deputy in ICC Champions Trophy? Azlan Shah Cup 2017: India ride Mandeep Singh hat-trick to defeat Japan Hardik and Krunal Pandya buy new home in Mumbai IPL 10: Yuvraj Singh gives RCB sunstroke more ALSO FROMEntertainment Gallery Salman grooves with Sonakshi, Sohail as he promotes Tubelight Sachin Tendulkar hosts a star-studded premiere of his upcoming biopic Aishwarya to walk the red carpet at Cannes today; can she better these looks from the past? Deepika Padukone is turning heads and having a ball at Cannes Screening time! Half Girlfriend and Hindi Medium teams watch their films Akshay supports Government initiative, Gauri designs sculpture on Maharashtra Day Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 - 2017 The Asian Age. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » 37% fall in H1-B visas for top 7 Indian cos in 2016 37% fall in H1-B visas for top 7 Indian cos in 2016 June 06, 2017 10:48 IST The top seven India-based outsourcing companies in the US received fewer H-1B visas in 2016 as compared to 2015, and as a group their numbers dropped 37 per cent, according to a new report. The companies experienced a drop of 5,436 approved petitions (37 per cent) in 2016 as compared to previous year, a report by the National Foundation for American Policy, a Washington-based non-profit think-tank, said. It said the 9,356 new H-1B petitions for the top seven Indian-based companies approved in fiscal 2016 represent only 0.006 per cent of the US labour force. "While the threat of job loss has long been exaggerated by critics, it reaches illogical proportions when discussing fewer than 10,000 workers in an economy that employs 160 million workers nationwide," the National Foundation for American Policy said in a statement after releasing the report. According to the report, the number of approved new H-1B petitions for Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) declined by 56 per cent from FY 2015 to FY 2016, from 4,674 to 2,040, a drop of 2,634. For Wipro, the petitions declined by 52 per cent between FY 2015 and FY 2016, a drop of 1,605, going from 3,079 to 1,474 approved petitions for initial employment during those years. For Infosys, it declined by 16 per cent (or 454 petitions), with 2,376 approved H-1B petitions for initial employment in FY 2016, compared to 2,830 in FY 2015, said the report, which based its research from government data. "The drop in new H-1B visas for Indian-based companies, which is expected to continue when data are released on cases filed in April 2017 for FY 2018 start dates, is due to industry trends toward digital services such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence, which require fewer workers, and a choice by companies to rely less on visas and to build up their domestic workforces in the US," the report said. "H-1B petitions approved for initial employment in FY 2016 were filed by employers in April 2016, which means the drop in H-B visa use by these companies is not due to Donald Trump's election. "In the past, US policymakers have used the number of visas going to Indian-based companies as a political or policy reason to propose new immigration restrictions and to not raise the low annual supply of H-1B visas, which has been exhausted every year for the past 15 fiscal years," said NFAP executive director Stuart Anderson, former head of policy at the Immigration and Naturalisation Service under President George W Bush. Among the top companies with new H-1B petitions approved in 2016 were: Cognizant (3,949) Infosys (2,376) TCS (2,040) Accenture (1,889) IBM (1,608) Wipro (1,474) Amazon (1,416) Tech Mahindra (1,228) CapGemini (1,164) Microsoft (1,145) HCL America (1,041) Intel (1,030) Deloitte (985) Google (924) Larsen &Toubro (870) PricewaterhouseCoopers (713) Ernst & Young (649) Apple (631) Syntel (583) Facebook (472) Oracle (427) Cisco (380) Mindtree (327) Goldman Sachs (287) UST Global (283) JPMorganChase (271) IGATE (255) Stanford (221) Yahoo! (206) KPMG (198). An analysis of US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) data on FY 2016 H-1B petitions shows, similar to FY 2015, approximately 25,000 different US employers hired at least one high-skilled foreign national on a new H-1B petition in 2016. Employers in manufacturing include Tesla Motors with 108 approved new H-1B petitions and Cummins with 197. Uber had 121 approved H-1B petitions in FY 2016, eBay 115, and the Mayo Clinic 111. National Foundation for American Policy said the April 2017 unemployment rate in the US for "computer and mathematical science" occupations was 2.5 per cent -- a very low rate, even lower than the 4.4 per cent for "all occupations," according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The unemployment rate for "architecture and engineering" occupations is even lower at 2.1 per cent, it said, adding this illustrates a disconnect between reality and claims that high-skilled foreign nationals are preventing US workers from pursuing careers in tech fields. According to Code.org, Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicate there will be "1.4 million more software development jobs than applicants who can fill them by 2020…and there are more than 500,000 open computing jobs nationwide." An analysis by Glassdoor shows 9 of the 10 highest paying majors for US students 5 years out of college are in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) fields, the report said. The report disputed the figures of the Trump Administration that about 80 per cent of the H-1B workers are paid less than the median wage in their fields. "This statistic is misleading as it relies on a Department of Labor database that includes multiple applications for the same individuals, since a new filing is generally required when an H-1B professional moves to a new area," the report said. "That means it "double or triple counts anyone who works in more than one geographic location (primarily younger workers sent to multiple offices)." Moreover, it may not reflect what employers actually pay individual workers, only the minimum required to be listed for government filing purposes. The median salary in 2015 for H-1B computer-related recipients who have worked about three years (listed as "continuing employment" in DHS data) was about USD7,000 higher than the median salary in the industry," the report said. The foundation argued that H-1B temporary visas are important as they are typically the only practical way a high-skilled foreign national working abroad or an international student educated in the United States can work long term in America. At US universities, 77 per cent of the full-time graduate students in electrical engineering and 71 per cent in computer science are international students. Reforms to increase the labor mobility of H-1B visas, raise the employment-based green card quota and eliminate the per country limit would be welcome but are not currently on the agenda. New restrictions on high-skilled immigration are more likely, it said. "In today's global economy, companies and high-skilled professionals possess many options," said Anderson. "The United States should maintain an openness toward high-skilled immigration or those options likely will not be in America," he added.  Photograph: David Ryder/Reuters. Lalit K Jha © Copyright 2017 PTI. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of PTI content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED Applications for H-1B visas drop Indian IT industry sees red as H-1B visa window gets smaller 'Steep' decline in H-1B visas applications this year: USCIS The H-1B visa blows keep coming The problem with India's tough stand on H1-B visa Will Manmohan, Sonia give NOC for Kher film? Knee injury ends Kapugedera's Champions Trophy campaign Diego Costa not wanted at Chelsea Ravindra Dholakia, sole dissenting member on MPC US calling India: Come, study with us IT professionals: The new face of labour unions Why Buffalo meat prices have spurted Premji's salary fell 63% as Wipro saw drop in profits PM Modi reviews GST ahead of July 1 roll-out GST transitional issues: What more needs to be done Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Acme Video Solutions Introduces Acme Go Acme Go by Acme Video Solutions is the newest all-in-one portable solution for live production and streaming Azusa, CA(6/6/2017) – Today, Acme Video Solutions, a division of Acme Portable Machines, Inc., is proud to announce Acme Go, the newest solution for live production and streaming. Acme Go is the continuation and updated model of the discontinued vMix Go. It improves on the previous generation by boosting processing power, adding functional updates, and designing aesthetic improvements. Acme Go is now officially up on the www.acmevideosolutions.com site and available for purchase through a network of resellers. Overview Acme Go is a complete portable live production solution. With up to 8x HD-SDI, 4x HDMI, and even 4K inputs, producers can mix resolutions and frame rates, along with embedded and separate analog audio. Stream your production live to the web, Facebook, YouTube, and other popular destinations using widely supported formats. Acme Go is compatible with Telestream WireCast, vMix Pro, and our own software, LiveStudio. These options provide producers with an ideal environment based on their production needs or skill set. Acme Go is a powerful workstation platform. This platform includes an Intel i7 CPU, powerful Nvidia graphics card, DDR4 Memory and speedy NVME SSD system drive. All Go systems come standard with keyboard, mouse and a wheeled transit case with telescoping handle for convenient storage and transportation. Acme Go comes in three models: ACME GO 4/4, ACME GO 4/4K, ACME GO Plus. Acme Go 4/4 – 4x HD-SDI video inputs with embedded audio and 4x HDMI video inputs with embedded audio Acme Go 4/4K – 4x HD-SDI video inputs with embedded audio and 1x 4K HDMI video input with embedded audio Acme Go Plus – 8x HD-SDI video inputs with embedded audio Built-In Display A built-in 17.3” display allows for easy setup on-site. You can also take advantage of the additional LCD display capability through DVI-D, HDMI, or DisplayPort. Use the additional LCD display for multiviewer and other complementary applications. For in-venue IMAG output, using one of the display outputs provides almost zero latency with excellent HD image quality. Powerful GPU The Acme Go comes standard with Nvidia GeForce technology (Go Plus GTX 1080, Go 4/4 and 4/4K GTX 1060) to provide horsepower for complex video productions, both live and post. The compatible live switching software options are specifically tuned to provide ultimate performance with discrete Nvidia GPU technology for rendering and video graphic effects. System stability is also enhanced as important functionality normally handled by the CPU on competing systems is assisted by the powerful Nvidia chipset. Users no longer have to worry about stability in mission-critical live production environments. Robust, Professional Video I/O Video input and output is delivered using best-of-industry AJA and Magewell technology. Pro-level 3G HD-SDI inputs allow for long cable runs with locking connectors. Configurations are available in 8x SDI (Go Plus), 4x SDI/4x HDMI (GO 4/4) and 4x SDI and 1x 4K HDMI (Go 4/4K). Inputs are auto-sensing meaning you can bring in different formatted frame rates and frame sizes with the switching software without additional rendering into a common format. The SDI ports also provide live program output for cable, satellite or local distribution. On 4/4K units, the additional 4K HDMI input provides the ability to ingest 4K camera footage. The primary use case is called Region of Interest capture (vMix feature) and works by carving out 720p/1080p slices from the high resolution, 4K image space to mix and match with standard HD camera inputs. The effect allows a single camera operator or director to control multiple „shots” virtually. Removable SSD Slots for ISO Recording All Acme Go models include six removable SSD storage slots enabling ISO recording of all live camera inputs. There are no requirements for custom cartridges or expensive vendor-provided storage. Purchase readily available SSD storage for recording the full program output as well as individual camera feeds using ISO recording. The Acme Go Plus includes 2TB of SSD removable storage, formatted and ready to go out of the box. Also included is a redundant „failover” drive in case of Windows failure during a live event (uses one of the removable drive bays). Balanced XLR / TRS Audio I/O Professional Neutrik combo jacks provide balanced XLR/TRS inputs and XLR outputs for connecting legacy analog audio mixing consoles and other equipment. This eliminates the need for external DAC device converters. Additionally, for producers who prefer to use external pro digital devices, with USB ports on the front I/O panel, there are plenty of connections available for almost any audio scenario you can envision. Live Production Software All Acme Video Solutions systems are compatible with a wide variety of production software but are specifically configured to work closely with Telestream Wirecast Studio or Pro, vMix HD or Pro and our own LiveStudio. Call your reseller to assist with the decision if you are unclear about which software will provide the best feature set for your needs. Additional Software Compatibility As a Windows-based media production platform, Acme Go provides a unique Return on Investment by allowing you to produce a live event and then turn the computer into a solid post-production and/or graphics workstation. Load up your copy of Adobe CC or Avid and create additional deliverables using media already captured and ready to edit. Use Photoshop and Illustrator to create unique titles, lower thirds and scoreboards to give your productions individuality and professionalism. Even load Microsoft Office to use PowerPoint or Excel screens for presentation output. Pricing Acme Go 4/4 is priced at $9,995 USMSRP. Acme GO 4/4K is priced at $9,995 USMSRP. Acme Go Plus is priced at $12,995 USMSRP. International pricing may vary. Different product bundles or customization options are also available. Contact Acme Video Solutions or a reseller for details. About Acme Video Solutions Acme Video Solutions is a division created by Acme Portable Machines, Inc. in 2016. Acme Portable Machines, Inc. has been building high-performance and rugged portable platforms for over 20 years. Over the past 6 years, Acme Portable has been working closely with various companies to develop powerful and robust solutions for the broadcast and media industry. Now Acme Video Solutions is ready to present our own live production and streaming solution. Acme Video Solution’s aim is to simplify yet provide quality powerful hardware solutions for content creators worldwide.  Check out www.acmevideosolutions.com for more information or reseller opportunities.  CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious L’initiative Smart Logistics d’AGCO comble le fossé numérique Next PostNext L’initiative Smart Logistics d’AGCO comble le fossé numérique Search Recent Posts Chimney Caps Market, Share, Trends and Analysis, Growth and Forecast 2017 – 2022 India Ceramic Sanitary Ware Market expected to increase at a CAGR of 10.3% in terms of value during 2016-2026 Homeland Security and Public Safety Market Will go Through a Growth Period, Surpassing $500 Billion by 2021 Plaque Psoriasis Treatment Market to Witness an Outstanding Growth by 2015 to 2021 : Persistence Market Research Differential Scanning Calorimetry Systems Market Set to Witness an Uptick During 2017 – 2025 : Persistence Market Research RSS Feed Subscribe RSS Feed (link) Proudly powered by WordPress
Sections You are not signed in.Sign inRegister HomeDevelopmentPublishingPolitics & LawMedia & MarketingMobileVR & ARFinancialeSportsEventsGames Industry Jobs Apple gets on the VR/AR bandwagon, improves App Store for games The company announced its support for Steam VR and showcased its new ARKit on iPhone James Brightman Editor, North America Monday 5th June 2017 Share this article Recommend Tweet Share Companies in this article Apple At its Worldwide Developers Conference 2017 today, Apple announced that macOS will finally support virtual reality via Steam VR. HTC Vive was used to demo an ILM experience running on Unreal Engine. This was made possible through a newly announced external GPU, which is being positioned as a developer kit housing an AMD Radeon RX 580 and a USB-C hub. This is big news for the HTC Vive team as it also just partnered recently with Google on the search giant's standalone VR initiative. "Vive is driving the VR industry forward, and in just the last month alone, we have partnered with the world's most prominent and innovative tech giants including Google, Intel and Apple, who are aligning their VR efforts around Vive," said HTC Vive on its official blog. There was no mention of Oculus at WWDC, but it's worth noting that Steam VR apps are playable on Rift. Aside from virtual reality, Apple also announced its intent to take augmented reality seriously with its new ARKit tool on iOS, which Apple boasted is now the "largest AR platform in the world." Hundreds of millions of iPhones will support ARKit, which Apple said offers "fast and stable motion tracking" that enhances AR capabilities by making objects appear as if they're really there as opposed to floating in space. During WWDC, the company showed how ARKit can map a flat surface of a table and place a teacup on it in the virtual world. Peter Jackson's studio Wingnut AR then showed off a more complicated demo of a landscape built on Unreal Engine (ARKit also supports Unity and SceneKit). The Wingnut AR demo will be made available later this year, as will iOS 11 with a slew of improvements. Of course, it's worth noting that Google already offers AR with its Tango technology, but that's only available on a small number of Android devices. Apple's conference was more than two hours long and covered new hardware configurations for Mac, Macbook and iPad, as well as a brand-new line in the vein of Amazon Echo, called HomePod, but the more significant announcement on the games development front is that the company also now supports in-app purchases right from the App Store description page. Apple announced that the redesigned App Store in iOS 11 would give games a larger video focus, enabling users to watch Let's Play videos in-app, as well as videos from developers and editors. Along with the ability to make in-app purchases without having to go into a game's menu, developers should benefit from these changes to improve discovery and more effectively communicate with the vast installed base iOS provides. Sign up for The Mobile newsletter and get the best of GamesIndustry.biz in your inbox. Related stories Old Man's Journey, Severed among Apple Design Award 2017 winners Splitter Critters, Mushroom 11 and Blackbox also among the five games honoured at WWDC By James Batchelor 4 hours ago App Store revenue breaks $70bn Downloads have grown by 70% in the last 12 months alone By Christopher Dring 7 days ago Latest comments There are no comments on this article yet. Why not be the first to post one? Sign in to contribute Email addressPasswordSign in Need an account? Register now. Now hiring
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Indian companies received fewer H-1B visas in 2016: Report PTI comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Washington, June 6:   The top seven Indian-based outsourcing companies in the US received fewer H-1B visas in 2016 as compared to 2015, and as a group their numbers dropped 37 per cent, according to a new report. The companies experienced a drop of 5,436 approved petitions (37 per cent) in 2016 as compared to the previous year, a report by the National Foundation for American Policy — a Washington-based non-profit think-tank said. It said, the 9,356 new H-1B petitions for the top seven Indian-based companies approved in fiscal 2016 represent only 0.006 per cent of the US labour force. “While the threat of job loss has long been exaggerated by critics, it reaches illogical proportions when discussing fewer than 10,000 workers in an economy that employs 160 million workers nationwide,” the National Foundation for American Policy said in a statement after releasing the report. According to the report, the number of approved new H-1B petitions for Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) declined by 56 per cent from FY 2015 to FY 2016, from 4,674 to 2,040, a drop of 2,634. For Wipro, the petitions declined by 52 per cent between FY 2015 and FY 2016, a drop of 1,605, going from 3,079 to 1,474 approved petitions for initial employment during those years. For Infosys, it declined by 16 per cent (or 454 petitions), with 2,376 approved H-1B petitions for initial employment in FY 2016, compared to 2,830 in FY 2015, said the report, which based its research from government data. “The drop in new H-1B visas for Indian-based companies, which is expected to continue when data are released on cases filed in April 2017 for FY 2018 start dates, is due to industry trends toward digital services such as cloud computing and artificial intelligence, which require fewer workers, and a choice by companies to rely less on visas and to build up their domestic workforces in the US,” the report said. “H-1B petitions approved for initial employment in FY 2016 were filed by employers in April 2016, which means the drop in H-B visa use by these companies is not due to Donald Trump’s election. “In the past, US policymakers have used the number of visas going to Indian-based companies as a political or policy reason to propose new immigration restrictions and to not raise the low annual supply of H-1B visas, which has been exhausted every year for the past 15 fiscal years,” said NFAP executive director Stuart Anderson, former head of policy at the Immigration and Naturalisation Service under President George W Bush. Among the top companies with new H-1B petitions approved in 2016 were Cognizant (3,949), Infosys (2,376), TCS (2,040), Accenture (1,889), IBM (1,608), Wipro (1,474), Amazon (1,416), Tech Mahindra (1,228), CapGemini (1,164), Microsoft (1,145), HCL America (1,041), Intel (1,030), Deloitte (985), Google (924), Larsen &Toubro (870), PricewaterhouseCoopers (713), Ernst & Young (649), Apple (631), Syntel (583), Facebook (472), Oracle (427), Cisco (380), Mindtree (327), Goldman Sachs (287), UST Global (283), JPMorganChase (271), IGATE (255), Stanford (221), Yahoo! (206) and KPMG (198). An analysis of US Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) data on FY 2016 H-1B petitions shows, similar to FY 2015, approximately 25,000 different US employers hired at least one high-skilled foreign national on a new H-1B petition in 2016. Employers in manufacturing include Tesla Motors with 108 approved new H-1B petitions and Cummins with 197. Uber had 121 approved H-1B petitions in FY 2016, eBay 115, and the Mayo Clinic 111. The National Foundation for American Policy said the April 2017 unemployment rate in the US for “computer and mathematical science” occupations was 2.5 per cent — a very low rate, even lower than the 4.4 per cent for “all occupations,” according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics data. The unemployment rate for “architecture and engineering” occupations is even lower at 2.1 per cent, it said, adding this illustrates a disconnect between reality and claims that high-skilled foreign nationals are preventing US workers from pursuing careers in tech fields. According to Code.org, Bureau of Labor Statistics data indicate there will be “1.4 million more software development jobs than applicants who can fill them by 2020...and there are more than 500,000 open computing jobs nationwide.” An analysis by Glassdoor shows 9 of the 10 highest paying majors for US students 5 years out of college are in STEM (science, technology, engineering and math) fields, the report said. The report disputed the figures of the Trump Administration that about 80 per cent of the H-1B workers are paid less than the median wage in their fields. “This statistic is misleading as it relies on a Department of Labor database that includes multiple applications for the same individuals, since a new filing is generally required when an H-1B professional moves to a new area,” the report said. “That means it “double or triple counts anyone who works in more than one geographic location (primarily younger workers sent to multiple offices).” Moreover, it may not reflect what employers actually pay individual workers, only the minimum required to be listed for government filing purposes. The median salary in 2015 for H-1B computer-related recipients who have worked about three years (listed as “continuing employment” in DHS data) was about $7,000 higher than the median salary in the industry,” the report said. The foundation argued that H-1B temporary visas are important as they are typically the only practical way a high-skilled foreign national working abroad or an international student educated in the US can work longterm in America. At US universities, 77 per cent of the full-time graduate students in electrical engineering and 71 per cent in computer science are international students. Reforms to increase the labour mobility of H-1B visas, raise the employment-based green card quota and eliminate the per country limit would be welcome but are not currently on the agenda. New restrictions on highskilled immigration are more likely, it said. “In today’s global economy, companies and high-skilled professionals possess many options,” said Anderson. “The US should maintain an openness toward high-skilled immigration or those options likely will not be in America,” he added. (This article was published on June 6, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS TCS’ H-1B visa applications now a third of 2015 levels US issues clarification on higher education H-1B exemption criteria 40% decline in US visas for Pakistanis; 28% increase for India US lawmaker calls for abolishing H1B visa lottery system US may seek social media details of visa applicants 'Legislative change needed in wage structure to prevent H-1B abuse’ TOPICS Labour — problems and issues | World | USA | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Is 'plastic rice' for real?    ‘Plastic rice’ creates a scare in Hyderabad    It’s Sehwag’s ego that you need to bowl against: Ashwin    India getting hotter, says Met study    Former FBI director says Trump pressured him on Russia probe    Board exams for Class V and VIII: CISCE    Girls in sex cult doc’s photos may be from Delhi; cops send team    Bengaluru girl to get a minor planet named after her    Indian-American among 12 new astronauts chosen by NASA    WHO revises antibiotics protocol MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Britain heads to the polls Qatar says state news agency first hacked in April US solar market to fall 16% in 2017: Report Theresa May's bid for stronger Brexit hand at stake in UK election World food prices rise 2.2% in May As British poll campaign enters last lap, security emerges the top issue N Korea launches multiple missiles: Seoul 12 killed in twin IS assault in Tehran UAE bans expressions of sympathy towards Qatar Saudi Arabia revokes Qatar Airways licence Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS NTPC installs 110 KWp microgrid at NETRA 16 min. ago RoC issues notices to 4,266 defaulting companies 17 min. ago GJM strike: Mamata, ministers, tourists stranded in Darjeeling 20 min. ago Guiddoo raises $300,000 in Pre-Series A funding 21 min. ago Bopanna wins maiden Grand Slam title at French Open 25 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in World Qatar says state news agency first hacked in April Qatari investigators have said that a cyber attack which saw the publication of explosive fake news last month that helped trigger a cri... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Young World Club | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Cricket Football Features Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Pune Delhi Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + Money Matters PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Bollywood Hollywood Television Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Cricket Football Features + Infographics Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel FPJ Initiatives + India and its neighbours FPJ FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Epaper Trending Now #IranAttack #QatarCrisis #LondonAttack #BabriMasjid #CattleBan #ChampionsTrophy #NarendraModi #SachinABillionDreams #GST #KulbhushanJadhav Home / Technology News / Apple WWDC 2017: From iOS 11 to Amazon prime, everything you need to know Apple WWDC 2017: From iOS 11 to Amazon prime, everything you need to know — By Agencies | Jun 06, 2017 09:54 am FOLLOW US: San Jose (California), Apple on Monday launched a bunch of refinements in its all four platforms — tvOS, watchOS, macOS and iOS — at this year’s annual Worldwide Developers Conference (WWDC) with iOS 11, watchOS 4 and updates to its Mac line of desktops and notebooks. The event started with Apple CEO welcoming the audience at the 15th WWDC in San Jose, the heart of Silicon Valley where Apple is building its new campus. Before making the announcements, Cook said that this year “it is going to be the best and biggest WWDC ever.” Amazon’s video app He announced that Amazon’s video app will come to Apple’s TV streaming box later this year. The app will let users stream all the Amazon original hits. Soon after the announcement Amazon tweeted, “You asked (a lot). We listened. Amazon Prime Video is coming to the TV App and all Apple TVs this year.” Watch OS4 Apple also announced that watchOS 4, the next version of its smartwatch platform, will be arriving in September. It includes new features for watchfaces, such as complications updating based on time of day or location and a new Siri-based watchface. The Siri watchface uses machine learning to determine what information is most useful to you at a given point in time. Other new watchfaces include a kaleidoscope and new characters such as Woody, Jesse, and Buzz from the Toy Story movie franchise. WatchOS 4 will also bring updates to the watch’s fitness tracking, including a new user interface for the workout app and new integrations with gym equipment manufacturers. Apple said that watch wearers will be able to link their devices with the gym equipment through NFC. MacOS Next up in tech is Apple’s new version of macOS is called High Sierra which is launched with new Safari browser. Apple said that it is the fastest browser ever with features like autoplay blocking, intelligent tracking prevention that uses machine learning to block irritating content. Apple also brought file system and virtual reality (VR) to High Sierra. The tech titan also announced updates to its entire MacBook line giving its laptops more powerful specifications in the form of the latest Intel chips. MacBook Pros will be shipped with Intel’s Kaby Lake processors and faster SSDs. The company also launched a new configuration of the 13-inch MacBook Pro without a Touch Bar that starts at a cheaper $1,299. The newly updated MacBook laptops are now available. Apple also showed a sneak peek into a new all-in-one desktop called the iMac Pro. Called as “the most powerful Mac ever, the new product will be available from December starting at $4,999. The new machine will come with an 8-core Xeon processor, with configurations that scale up to an 18-core Xeon processor and an all-new AMD Radeon Vega graphics GPU, up to 16GB of VRAM and up to 4TB for SSD storage. iOS11 Cook also launched iOS 11 with over 10 new features. He said that iOS 10 had nearly 96 per cent satisfaction with 86 per cent iPhone users installing the update as compared to only seven per cent Android users who installed Android Nougat – the latest version of Google’s operating system. The new iOS will now synchronize messages across iOS and macOS automatically. If a user erases a message on your iPhone or iPad, that will be reflected on the Mac as well. Improved Siri Apple also made improvements to Siri including making the assistant’s voice sound more natural when responding to users. Siri will now be able to perform translations in various languages including English, Chinese, French, German, Italian and Spanish. Share this Post: « Previous Article Haryana: Woman gang-raped, daughter thrown off moving auto Next Article » How to go through human love to divine love- The Mother Tagged with: Amazon prime on apple tv and ios ios 11 iPhone iphone ios mac os new ios update for iphone new update for iphone tvOS watch os JUST ARRIVED Didn’t work with Atif Aslam as couldn’t afford trouble, says Onir Divorced Himesh Reshammiya to marry ‘girlfriend’ Sonia? Go vegetarian: Amy Jackson urges with new PETA campaign In Pictures: Mandira Bedi sizzles in Bikini Rana Duggabati fails to bring Prabhas on Twitter EDITOR’S PICK Firing on farmers black mark for MP government The BJP has reason to be worried at the way the agitation by farmers seeking loan waiver is shaping up.… Modi meeting Trump soon ‘to get to know him’ Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s proposed quick, ‘no-frills’ visit to the US on a ‘get to know Trump’ mission from June… Can PSUs help improve government’s balance sheet? The government is caught between a rock and a hard place. It wants to create jobs through massive spending on… Ragtag coalition a match for Modi? While pollsters and political pundits have been busy evaluating three years of BJP in the Central saddle, it is equally… Another milestone in India’s satellite mission It is indeed a matter of deep satisfaction that the Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle-Mark 3 D1 (GSLV-Mark III), which was… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2017. All Rights Reserved.
Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos The Gadgets 360 Show Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps Features Why Apple Is Struggling to Become an Artificial Intelligence Powerhouse  Elizabeth Dwoskin, The Washington Post, 06 June 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit In 2011, Apple became the first company to place artificial intelligence in the pockets of millions of consumers when the firm's co-founder Steve Jobs launched the voice assistant Siri on the iPhone. Eight years later, the technology giant is struggling to find its voice in AI. Analysts say the question of whether Apple can succeed in building great artificial intelligence products is as fundamental to the company's next decade as the iPhone was to its previous one. But the tech giant faces a formidable dilemma because the nature of artificial intelligence pushes Apple far out of its comfort zone in sleekly-designed hardware and services.   AI programming demands a level of data collection and mining that is at odds with Apple's rigorous approach to privacy, as well as its positioning as a company that doesn't profile consumers. Moreover, Apple's longstanding penchant for secrecy has made the company less desirable in the eyes of potential star recruits, who hail from the country's top computer science departments and are attracted to companies that publish research. WWDC 2017: Apple Launches 10.5-Inch iPad Pro and Refreshes 12.9-Inch Model; India Launch Later This Month "Artificial intelligence is not in Apple's DNA," said venture capitalist and Apple analyst Steve Munster. "They understand that in the future, every company is going to become an AI company, and they are in a particularly tough spot." At Apple's annual developer's conference on Monday - the same event where Jobs introduced Siri - the company's efforts to become an AI powerhouse were on display as executives launched a new standalone smart speaker and touted features meant to boost Siri's chops and to power AI applications on Apple products. "Machine learning" - an AI buzzword that describes a form of ultra-fast, complex computer data analysis and statistical modeling - was repeated throughout the 2.5 hour presentation, delivered to an audience of roughly 6,000 developers here. Siri will now use machine learning to predict the times of a morning commute - or scan the travel news as you are reading it on the company's Safari browser and then suggest related activities, such as booking a reservation. She will use machine learning to talk with you and help you sort through music through a new $349 home automation device, HomePod. She will automatically organise your photos into albums, like "2nd Anniversary," without you giving her any context about the pictures. There was even a new software toolkit, CoreML, that will allow for faster processing of large amounts of data collected during machine learning applications. (It's six times faster than Google's rival AI processor, an executive quipped). WWDC 2017: New iMac Models With Intel Kaby Lake Announced; iMac Pro Unveiled But Monday's announcements come as other technology companies have released similar innovations and have already spent billions on the burgeoning AI arms race. Many are placing their bets on artificial intelligence, ranging from software that one day may be smart enough to chat back and forth like a human, or computer vision that identifies real-world objects so well it can power the first fully-functioning self-driving car. That has put Apple in the disadvantaged position of trying to lead in an area where it has fallen behind - and where the effort cuts against the core aspects of the company's secretive culture. "This is a substantial shift for Apple," said Daniel Gross, a former executive who focused on artificial intelligence. "The internal focus is on building great products, not publishing papers." Ten years after launching the iPhone, Apple is on the hunt for another blockbuster product that can take its place. Sales of the iPhone propelled Apple to become the most valuable company in the world and still account for more than half of the company's revenues, which were $215.6 billion in 2016. But last year, purchases of the company's iconic smartphone dropped for the first time, suggesting that the market for high-end smartphones is finally saturated. Apple Unveils App Store Redesign with Today, Apps, and Game Tabs at WWDC 2017 "The difference between last year's iPhone and this year's iPhone is going to be much smaller than the difference between the first and second iterations of the iPhone. ... So that s-curve is starting to flatten out," said Benedict Evans, a mobile expert and partner at the Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, using an industry term for exponential increases in innovation. "Then you have the next transformative technology, that isn't here yet." Apple did not respond to repeated requests for interviews and comment. Apple's launch of HomePod, which will go for sale for $349 later this year, comes several years after Amazon and Google released their own automation devices, the Echo and the Google Home, which send consumers' spoken queries back to their servers in California for analysis. Google, Tesla, Uber, and others have been testing self-driving vehicles on public roadways for several years; Apple received its first permit to begin testing just two months ago. Before Monday's updates, the Siri assistant was still mostly a glorified web search that could tell the occasional pre-programmed joke. Now Apple is racing to catch up. Last October, the company hired Russ Salakhutdinov, a Carnegie Mellon professor whose expertise is in an area of artificial intelligence known as "deep" or "unsupervised" learning, a complex branch of machine learning in which computers are trained to replicate the way the brain's neurons fire when they recognize objects or speech. Salakhutdinov is a protege of Geoffrey Hinton, perhaps the world's top researcher in this area. Like Salakhutdinov, who divides his time between Carnegie Mellon and Apple, Hinton divides his time between Google and the University of Toronto. Building ties to academic superstars not only helps to improve products, but becomes a key recruiting tool, said Richard Zemel, director of the Vector Institute for Artificial Intelligence and a professor specializing in machine learning at the University of Toronto. "You used to not see people with Apple name badges at conferences, and now you do," Zemel said. In December, Apple presented and published its first academic paper in artificial intelligence at an industry conference. Another paper has been accepted to a prestigious computer vision conference and will be published in July, Salakhutdinov said in an interview. Salakhutdinov said he was not authorized to discuss his work at Apple in any detail. Zemel, who told Bloomberg two years ago that Apple was "off the scale" in terms of secrecy, and that such secrecy was keeping them out of loop on major developments in the field, now said that the Cupertino giant was "making some changes." "But it's going to take some work," he added. Researchers at elite universities said in interviews that Apple was still not the top choice for their computer science graduates - Google, Facebook, and Amazon were by far the top picks - but that the company was moving up in the rankings. Apple's forays into AI have also been slower than its peers because it's been reluctant to embrace the data-mining practices of rivals Google and Facebook, experts said. The company has spent considerable resources building additional layers of privacy when it did so. Unlike Google and Facebook, which are primarily advertising companies that collect massive amounts of intimate data to profile their users, Apple believes in limiting the amount of user data it collects. At a previous developer's conference, executives bragged that the company did not build user profiles. Tim Cook has positioned the company as the anti-Google. But that stance against data collection becomes a problem if you are building artificial intelligence, researchers say. A home device must collect and analyze people's speech in order to improve the way the device can speak to humans, for example. For Siri to be smart, she needs to collect and interpret data from other applications, such as your calendar, your restaurant reservations, and, now, your browsing. Last year, as Apple began to embrace artificial intelligence on the iPhone, the company undertook a large privacy protection project. The project took an academic concept called differential privacy and applied it to AI applications on the iPhone. Differential privacy works by inserting noise - or bad information - into good data in order to confuse outsiders who might try to hone in on an individual's records. For example, in order for Apple software to group the photos of your dog into a single album, it needs to collect many photos of your dogs. Apple collects those images, but not before encrypting the data in them and then scrambling that data with other data, so that if anyone tried to recover the original data set they wouldn't know what was tied to a single user, the company claims. This technique is considered a stronger privacy protection than other methods, such as using mathematical formulas to render user profiles anonymous. Apple's focus on privacy may have slowed the company down in terms of building some products, Gross said, but the trade-off would be consumer trust. "Apple is dousing itself with an extra piece of really hard science, and doing so to try and preserve your privacy," he said. "I think Google and Facebook will have to answer to world where a similar product that is offered is more privacy-preserving." Munster pointed out that no tech company has a huge lead on artificial intelligence yet. "The bad news is that Apple is behind," he said. "The good news is that if we look at how AI is going to impact the world, it's still early days - there is plenty of time to catch up." © 2017 The Washington Post We discussed everything Apple announced at WWDC 2017 on Orbital, our weekly technology podcast. You can subscribe to it via Apple Podcasts or RSS or just listen to this episode by hitting the play button below. For the latest tech news and reviews, follow Gadgets 360 on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. Tags: Apple, WWDC 2017, HomePod, Apple HomePod, Siri, Siri Speaker, Apps, Science Yu Yureka Black Goes on Sale in India via Flipkart BlackBerry Downplays Toyota's Use of Rival Software Why Apple Is Struggling to Become an Artificial Intelligence Powerhouse     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Y7 Prime Samsung Galaxy J3 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy J5 (2017) ZTE V870 Oppo R11 Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (12.9-inch) 2017 Wi-Fi Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi + Cellular Apple iPad Pro (10.5-inch) Wi-Fi LG X500 Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 8.0 ZTE Nubia Z17 Motorola Moto Z2 Play Asus Zenpad 3S 8.0 Asus Zenpad 10 Asus Zenpad 10 Yu Yureka Black Huawei MediaPad M3 Lite 10 Panasonic Eluga I3 Mega Popular Samsung Galaxy S8 Moto Z2 Play Xiaomi Redmi 4 Samsung Galaxy S8+ Nokia 3310 (2017) Xiaomi Mi 6 Redmi 4A Moto G5 Plus Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Xiaomi Redmi 3s Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Xiaomi Redmi 4X Apple iPhone 6 OnePlus 5 Mi Max 2 Nokia 6 Tech News in Hindi Moto Z2 Play लॉन्च हुआ भारत में, जानें कीमत आ रहा है Reliance Jio 4जी फ़ीचर फोन, स्पेसिफिकेशन और कीमत लीक iPhone 6 हुआ सस्ता, फादर्स डे के मौके पर फ्लिपकार्ट ने दिया ऑफर Latest Videos 03:01 iOS 11 First Look 01:06 Corsair One Compact Desktop PC First Look 00:59 Gigabyte Aero 14, Aero 15 First Look 22:32 Protect Yourself From Ransomware 04:26 Fight WannaCry With These Tips More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rishi Alwani Destiny 2 Not Releasing On Steam Is the Best Thing for PC Gamers Akhil Arora Twin Peaks' Return Is Even More 'Lynchian' in the Era of TV Auteurs Gopal Sathe Cord Cutting Is Finally a Realistic Option in India Advertisement Advertisement Recent Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Chinese Smartphone Maker iVoomi to Expand Manufacturing Capacity in India Nokia Android Smartphones Launching in India Next Week, HMD Confirms Nokia 9 Could Have a 6GB RAM Variant Too, Benchmark Listing Tips Assassin’s Creed Origins Setting and Editions Leaked Here Are the Apple Design Awards Winners for 2017 Britney Spears' Instagram Photo Hid a Russian Malware Link in Plain Sight Uber Using Loophole to Avoid UK Tax, Undercut Rivals Xbox Scorpio Release Date Possibly Revealed in E3 2017 Teaser More News TRENDING OnePlus 5 Will Sport 8GB of RAM, Amazon Source Code Reveals Flipkart Offers iPhone 16GB at Rs. 21,990 in Father's Day Promotion Reliance Jio 4G VoLTE Feature Phones' Specifications, Price Leaked Moto Z2 Play With Moto Mods Support Launched in India OnePlus 5 May Cost Much More Than Previous OnePlus Offerings iPhone 7 Now Available at a Discount on Amazon India Siri Far Behind Alexa and Google Assistant, Says Ex-Apple Employee iPhone 8, iPhone 7s Plus Schematics Leaks Tip Design Details Xiaomi Redmi 4A to Go on Sale in India Today Einstein's Theory Confirmed in Measure of Distant Star's Mass Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home Weather 72° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Breaking News LIVE COVERAGE: James Comey testimony Close Former FBI agent's advice on traveling abroad After the weekend terror attack in London, a former FBI agent in Houston says there are things you can do to protect yourself while traveling this summer. Grace White, KHOU 11:15 PM. CDT June 05, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST HOUSTON - After the weekend terror attack in London, a former FBI agent in Houston says there are things you can do to protect yourself while traveling this summer. "I don't tell people not to travel," says James Conway, Global Intel Strategies. He tells people three things. First, do your research. "Many other embassies in other countries aren't as politically correct as us, they're going to be a little more candid about what the threat maybe," he said. Second, don't be a target. "Terrorists go after symbols, you saw the Ariana concert in London, that's a perfect symbol of western civilization," said Conway. Third, if you run into trouble have a plan. "When you go somewhere, think ahead of time. If something goes wrong here, what am I going to do?" he said. In it's latest travel warning for Europe, the U.S. State Department calls on citizens to keep their eyes open. Especially, during the upcoming summer travel season when large crowds may be common. Conway says it's the world we're living in and it's your job to be prepared. "We can't just have vigils and pray for love, because the bad guys are out to get us" For more information on how to get real time updates based on your travel location from the State Department, click here. © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Houston dad, pizza shop owner makes emotional public plea Grand jury could hear beating case this week More than 150 marijuana plants seized from vacant home HPD: Woman admits to drugging underage girl to have sex with boyfriend Family warns of "dry drowning" after son dies days after swimming Family praying for charges in Denny's beating Local bar to open early, host watch party for Comey testimony Thursday Army serviceman upset over pricey toll bill Toddler served alcohol instead of apple juice at local restaurant Raw: Attorney releases witness video in connection with fatal beating More Stories James Comey testimony: Fired FBI director to brief… Jun. 8, 2017, 3:34 a.m. Motorcyclist dies after hitting curb, crashing on E.… Jun. 8, 2017, 4:42 a.m. HPD arrests 2, searching another suspect after chase… Jun. 8, 2017, 5:09 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
