Trending: Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Hands on: Apple's AirPods are 'magical' Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple IT teams put conversations to work with ChatOps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Consumerization of IT Personal Technology News Intel buys into autonomous vehicle mapping company The goal: Maps with a high-definition representation of the physical world around autonomous vehicles By Lucas Mearian | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Jan 3, 2017 1:27 PM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel to invest $250M in self-driving cars BMW, Intel and Mobileye to unleash 40 self-driving cars on U.S. roads Intel races to put autonomous cars on streets Video Mingis on Tech: New year, new CES -- and new AirPods Intel has announced it is purchasing a 15% stake in Netherlands-based HERE, a company that makes digital maps and location-based services for semi- and fully autonomous vehicles and the internet of things (IoT) industry. Intel and HERE plan to jointly develop a "highly scalable, proof-of-concept architecture" that provides real-time updates of HD maps for self-driving vehicles as well as "explore opportunities" in IoT and machine learning. Intel Intel displays its automated driving technology at the Automobility LA conference on Nov. 15, 2016. "A real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms," HERE CEO Edzard Overbeek said in a statement. "Intel can help accelerate HERE's ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected." In November, Intel made public its plans to invest $250 million dollars in autonomous vehicle technology. "These investments will drive the development of technologies that push the boundaries on next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and more," Intel said in a news release. Intel and HERE also plan to jointly explore strategic opportunities that result from developing edge-computing devices with location data. Intel "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a statement. "We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future." Intel said it will also work with automakers who are also HERE investors, such as AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG, to test the HD mapping architecture. Intel and HERE said they envision making the architecture broadly available across the automotive industry as a seamlessly integrated offering that simplifies and shortens time of development for automakers. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Personal Technology Car Tech Senior Writer Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, consumerization of IT, mobile device management, renewable energy, telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper Seven Myths of Cloud-Managed Wi-Fi Video/Webcast Sponsored The Rise of Malware-Less Attacks: How Can Endpoint Security Keep Up? White Paper When Concrete and Steel Meet Sensors and Signals: How a Mobile Workforce Can Make it All Work White Paper 2016 Predictions For Cloud & What I&O Pros Should Do About Them Video/Webcast Sponsored Achieving Digital Transformation through Cloud-Based Data and Analytics Services Go Top Stories Here's how much Tesla will require EV owners to pay to charge up Tesla has announced the prices vehicle owners will have to pay to use its Supercharger stations. A trip... Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools A handful of free tools can be used to repair most problems on Windows 10 PCs -- and they’re all... Best tips & takeaways from RStudio Conference I'll be sharing the most interesting things I hear, see and learn at this week's big R event. NRAM set to spark a 'holy war' among memory technologies Nano-RAM, which is based on carbon nanotubes, is expected to challenge traditional memory and flash for... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch 39 minutes ago Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 2 hours ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 3 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 4 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 5 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 19 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 19 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 19 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 3 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 16 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Intel to become a HERE shareholder; signs agreement for research on automated driving By Gabriel Nunes Neowin LLC @_nunesgh · Jan 3, 2017 with 3 comments According to a filing sent to the German cartel office this Tuesday, Intel wants approval to buy a 15% stake of HERE, the former Nokia owned mapping company. The amount to be paid by Intel wasn't disclosed. The two firms have also signed an agreement in a move to take on the automated driving trend. The goal is to cooperate on the development of new technologies for real-time updates of high definition maps aimed for use on fully-automated driving. In the announcement, Intel described the companies' vision for their collaboration: "The proof-of-concept architecture HERE and Intel plan to deliver will be designed to help make autonomous driving as safe and predictable as possible. For example, today’s navigation technology can pinpoint a car’s location to within meters, but next generation, HD mapping supports localization to within centimeters." Intel will also work with Audi, BMW, and Daimler to test out the planned architecture with the view to make it more widely available across the automotive market. Of particular benefit for vehicle manufacturers will be decreased development and delivery timeframes. Furthermore, the agreement also aims to explore opportunities in IoT and machine learning. The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. Source: Intel via Reuters Tags Here Intel Maps Automation Autonomous vehicles Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Samsung expands 'smart' refrigerator range with Family Hub 2.0 Next Story Qualcomm formally announces details of its Snapdragon 835 chipset Advertisement Community Activity Refresh How to backup data & OS when swapping HDD with SSD in Hardware Hangout Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch in Front Page News Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore in Front Page News Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News To upgrade or not upgrade... in Hardware Hangout Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories Microsoft signs multi-year deal to use HERE mapping data in Cortana, Bing and other services Dec 15, 2016 Dell was reportedly working on an Intel-powered Windows phone Nov 6, 2016 · Hot! HPE wins $3 billion in damages after Oracle withdrew products supporting Itanium Jul 1, 2016 · Hot! Intel to lay off 12,000 employees; 11% of total workforce Apr 19, 2016 · Hot! deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 3 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
What are you looking for? Browse Cars Menu For Sale Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out By Style Coupes Sedans Crossovers SUVs Trucks Electric Cars Hybrids Sports Cars ... See all Or By Make & Model Make (e.g. Ford, etc.) Popular Makes Acura Chevrolet Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Jeep Mazda Nissan Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Premium Makes Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Ferrari Infiniti Jaguar Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati McLaren Mercedes-Benz Porsche Rolls Royce Tesla Volvo More Makes Chrysler Fiat Freightliner Kia Lotus Maybach Mini Mitsubishi Saab Scion Smart Suzuki Model (e.g. Fusion) Year Go We cover it all, click your favorite News Car Payment Calculators AutoComplete Carfection CNET on Cars Best Sedans Best Trucks Concept Cars Diesel Cars Electric Cars Luxury Cars Sports Cars Audi Cadillac Chevrolet Ford Honda Jaguar Land Rover Mercedes-Benz Nissan Tesla Toyota Volvo Detroit Auto Show New York Auto Show Paris Auto Show Go Intel is buying a stake in mapping company Here The deal is part of the chipmaker's plans to make major investments in driverless-car tech. Roadshow by Terry Collins January 3, 2017 4:09 PM PST @terryscollins Up Next New 2018 Buick Enclave expected at the New York Auto Show Intel is revving up its presence in the self-driving car game by buying a 15 percent stake in Here, a mapping technology company. Intel is vying for a bigger spot in the self-driving car race. The Silicon Valley chipmaker said Tuesday it's buying a 15 percent stake in Here, a mapping company, to develop autonomous positioning systems used in driverless vehicles. Financial details weren't disclosed. The Intel deal comes less than 18 months after Here was sold by Nokia to European automakers Audi, BMW and Daimler. During the Los Angeles Auto Show in November, Intel announced plans to invest more than $250 million over the next two years "to make fully autonomous driving a reality." It's all part of grand plan to keep pace with the likes of Google, Tesla and Uber in pursuing technology to put self-driving vehicles on the road. And, in Intel's case by 2021 or sooner. In a joint statement Tuesday, Intel and Here said they will be working on technology for "maps for highly and fully automated driving." "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. Here CEO Edzard Overbeek agrees. "A real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms," he said. Intel will also work with Audi, BMW and Daimler for testing, the companies said. First published January 3, 1:57 p.m PT. Update, 3:55 p.m. PT: Adds background about Intel and comments from Here CEO. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Roadshow Car Tech Intel Related Stories Take a hyperlapse tour of the 2017 Detroit auto show in 360 degrees Check out Audi, BMW and Mercedes at Detroit in 360 degrees Watch Roadshow's awards and interviews from the 2017 Detroit Auto Show right here Pixar hits Detroit with an early look at 'Cars 3' Close   Discuss: Intel is buying a stake in mapping company... Up Next: New 2018 Buick Enclave expected at the New York Auto Show AutoComplete: Ford, Toyota expand Takata recall lists by hundreds of thousands of cars Tesla finally divulges paid Supercharging details, and Lotus built one hell of a racecar. by Emme Hall 1:37 Close Drag About Roadshow Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Permissions Contact Us © CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews CPUs Intel Core i7-7700K & Core i5-7600K Review Kaby Lake Arrives on the Desktop, But What Does That Mean? By Steven Walton on January 3, 2017 TechSpot 70 TechSpot score Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 24 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) 19 comments Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more Weekend tech reading: Galaxy S8 revealed, the dumbest stuff at CES, inside BitTorrent's collapse 10 comments Watch the Nintendo Switch hands-on event in Tokyo 18 comments Alleged backdoor discovered in WhatsApp could allow governments to read encrypted messages Pandora is cutting seven percent of its US-based workforce 19 comments HTC's latest flagship smartphone looks like a cross between the LG V20 and Galaxy Note 7 Index Article Index Kaby Lake Arrives on the Desktop, But What Does That Mean? Don't Drool on These Z270 Boards System Specs & Memory Bandwidth Synthetic Benchmarks Simulated Applications Application Performance Encoding Performance iGPU Gaming Performance dGPU Gaming Performance Power Consumption Overclocking & Temperatures Is This Even a Baby Step? 844 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments As good as Intel's Core series is, it's been quite some time since I've been excited about a new generation of the company's processors. The last time was around early 2011 when the Sandy Bridge Core i7-2600K and i5-2500K landed. Both were considerably faster than then flagship Core i7 975 EE and competing Phenom II X6 1100T but came at a fraction of the price. With notable performance boosts, a number of new features and significantly reduced consumption, Sandy Bridge was worth getting excited about. A year later the Ivy Bridge replacement arrived and while it wasn't as exciting as its predecessor, we were prepared for that at the time and appreciated the ~10% boost to performance and efficiency. Tick-tock, remember? Haswell came another year later, in June 2013 and despite being paired with new chipsets and motherboards, it seemed like Intel's least exciting release in recent times. If its initial launch wasn't lackluster enough, Intel dragged it out for another year with a 'Haswell-refresh'. PC enthusiasts fell on hard times and we knew AMD didn't have anything in the pipeline either. By mid-2015, Intel made it to the 14nm process with Broadwell, though you would be forgiven for missing it. Availability was virtually non-existent and as a result prices were inflated. Broadwell seemed more like an experiment with few Core i5 and Core i7 processors to speak of and no Core i3 or lower-end models. Skylake reared its head toward the end of 2015 and despite packing a new platform with DDR4 memory, it was still another baby step in terms of performance and efficiency. So much so that in a clock-for-clock comparison with Haswell, Skylake was often slower if tested with DDR4-2400 memory, though it has since pulled ahead by a reasonable margin with an abundance of DDR4-3000+ memory available at attractive prices. Fast forward 16 or so months to today and we have the official introduction of Intel's 7th-generation desktop processor series. Codenamed 'Kaby Lake', the architecture is said to deliver new levels of performance courtesy of the company's latest 14nm+ process. Intel had anticipated that mobile variants of Kaby Lake would be up to 12% faster than the previous Skylake models and similar claims have been made for the desktop models. Before we get into benchmarking, here's a bit more information about Kaby Lake, their accompanying chipsets and some cool new motherboards. Meet the Kabies Intel's new Kaby Lake desktop series (S-Series) features a number of familiar faces. For instance, the i7-7700K is stepping in for the 6700K, while the 6600K will be replaced by the 7600K. Here's a full breakdown of the Core i3, i5 and i7 S-Series processors. Model Price Cores/Threads Base Frequency Boost Frequency L3 Cache TDP Core i7-7700K $305.00 4C/8T 4.2 GHz 4.5 GHz 8MB 91W Core i7-7700 $272.00 4C/8T 3.6 GHz 4.2 GHz 8MB 65W Core i5-7600K $217.00 4C/4T 3.8 GHz 4.2 GHz 6MB 91W Core i5-7600 $199.00 4C/4T 3.5 GHz 4.1 GHz 6MB 65W Core i5-7500 $179.00 4C/4T 3.4 GHz 3.8 GHz 6MB 65W Core i5-7400 $170.00 4C/4T 3.0 GHz 3.5 GHz 6MB 65W Core i3-7350K $157.00 2C/4T 4.2 GHz N/A 4MB 60W Core i3-7320 $139.00 2C/4T 4.1 GHz N/A 4MB 51W Core i3-7300 $129.00 2C/4T 4.0 GHz N/A 4MB 51W Core i3-7100 $109.00 2C/4T 3.9 GHz N/A 3MB 51W Compared to their Skylake counterparts, it looks like the Kaby Lake models are clocked at least 100MHz higher while some have as much as a 300MHz clock speed advantage. For example, the Core i7-7700 runs 200MHz higher than the 6700K with a 300MHz higher maximum single core turbo boost frequency. The only other noteworthy change is the upgrade to HD Graphics 630, though this only appears to be a minor upgrade. Both models run the integrated graphics engine at up to 1150MHz. The other processor that we have on hand is the Core i5-7600K which comes clocked at 3.8GHz but depending on load can boost as high as 4.2GHz. Of course, like the 7700K the 7600K is an unlocked processor and when paired with a Z170 or Z270 motherboard it can be overclocked to operate at greater frequencies. When compared to the 6600K, the 7600K runs 300MHz faster, so this could afford it up to 8% better performance based on frequency alone. Same Socket, New Chipsets Intel is sticking with the LGA 1151 socket for this generation so that means Kaby Lake can be used on existing Intel 100-series motherboards, providing their BIOS is up to date. However, in an effort to add a little spice and probably keep the board partners happy Intel is also releasing a new range of 200-series chipsets. Model Z270 H270 B250 Q270 Q250 Chipset PCI Express 3.0 Lanes Up to 24 Up to 20 Up to 12 Up to 24 Up to 14 SATA 3.0 (6 Gb/s) Ports Up to 6 Up to 6 Up to 6 Up to 6 Up to 6 USB 3.0 Ports Up to 10 8 6 8 8 Total USB Ports (USB 2.0 + 3.0) 14 14 12 14 14 Intel RST for PCIe 3.0 Storage Ports 3 2 1 1 1 Processor PCI Express 3.0 Lanes 1x16 or 2x8 or1x8+2x4 1x16 1x16 1x16 or 2x8 or 1x8+2x4 1x16 DMI Speed 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0 3.0 Intel Management Engine 11.6 Consumer Consumer /Corporate Consumer /Corporate Corporate Corporate Intel vPro Technology No No No Yes No Intel Standard Manageability No No No Yes Yes Intel Platform Trust Technology 3.0 No No No Yes Yes Intel Device Protection Technology Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Overclocking Yes No No No No Intel Stable Image Platform No No No Yes Yes Independent Display Support 3 3 3 3 3 System Memory Support DDR4/3L DDR4/3L DDR4/3L DDR4/3L DDR4/3L System Memory Channels/SPC 2/2 2/2 2/2 2/2 2/2 The desktop range will be comprised of the Z270, H270, B250, Q270 and Q250 chipsets. Enthusiasts will be primarily interested in the Z270, most notably because it's the only one to support overclocking of the CPU and DDR4 memory. The Q270 lacks overclocking support but picks up a number of 'enterprise' type features such as Intel vPro Technology, Intel Stable Image Platform and Intel Standard Manageability. The other business focused chipset is the Q250, a cut down version of the Q270 offering fewer PCIe lanes, USB 3.0 ports and lack of Intel vPro. The H270 chipset fills the same role as last generation's H170, basically appealing to those not buying an unlocked K-processor, as well as those who want to run a single graphics card, which these days is most of us. Those opting for a Core i3 processor might want to consider a B250 motherboard. Compared to the H270, you get far fewer PCIe 3.0 lanes at 12, only six USB 3.0 ports, one M.2 port, and a single PCIe x16 slot, but frankly this configuration is ample for entry-level PCs. Next Page Don't Drool on These Z270 Boards Article Index Kaby Lake Arrives on the Desktop, But What Does That Mean? Don't Drool on These Z270 Boards System Specs & Memory Bandwidth Synthetic Benchmarks Simulated Applications Application Performance Encoding Performance iGPU Gaming Performance dGPU Gaming Performance Power Consumption Overclocking & Temperatures Is This Even a Baby Step? User Comments: 29 Got something to say? Post a comment Load comments… Discuss 22 Advice for some upgrade options 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 16 Is my PC good for gaming? 59 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN ARM PCs with Windows 10 get a new start with Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 ARM PCs with Windows 10 get a new start with Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip could make Windows PCs on ARM attractive again Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 January, 2017 09:00 - - - - print email Distributors ACA Pacific Alloys Arrow ECS ANZ Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions Bluechip Infotech BMS Technology Com1 International Dicker Data Dynamic Supplies Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology rhipe Samsung Communications Sektor Synnex Topstar Computer International Westcon – Comstor Wholesale IT XiT Distribution Vendors HP Comments Take your pick: whether you choose an Android smartphone, Windows 10 laptop or hybrid PC device, you'll be able to run Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835. That sums up the versatility of the new chip: designed primarily for Android smartphones, it has the horsepower to run a PC. In fact, the Snapdragon 835 will  bring never-before-seen features to Windows PCs. The chip, based on ARM architecture, will first arrive in smartphones later this quarter, with a good chance of appearing in new handsets from Samsung, HTC and LG. It will also appear in PCs running Windows 10 later this year. Microsoft and Qualcomm in December announced they were collaborating to bring the Snapdragon 835 to "cellular PCs," which are thin-and-light Windows 10 laptops with smartphone-like, always-on connectivity to the internet. When users buy a laptop with the Snapdragon 835, they will also get the fastest available LTE modem, Bluetooth 5 and Wi-Fi that supports the emerging 802.11ad standard, which is faster than today's 802.11ac. LTE connectivity doesn't come standard with PCs, but that could change with the Snapdragon 835. In addition, the Snapdragon 835 has a fast eight-core CPU with four cores to run high-performance applications and four power-efficient cores for mundane tasks like audio playback. It has an integrated GPU that supports 4K video, DirectX 12 gaming and virtual reality headsets. The chip will be able to do a lot of what Intel's mobile chips can do. The Snapdragon 835 is the first smartphone chip that has the ability to legitimately challenge Intel's decades-long domination in PCs. In interviews, Dell, Lenovo and HP executives said the idea of cellular PCs with the Snapdragon 835 is interesting, especially with the line between PCs and mobile devices blurring. More PCs need to be constantly connected to the internet for web browsing, e-mail, applications and cloud services. The capabilities of the Snapdragon 835, along with Microsoft and Qualcomm's promotional efforts, virtually ensures that some PCs will end up running the chip. However, PC makers are taking a cautious approach. They are still evaluating the Snapdragon 835 and haven't yet committed to releasing hardware based on it. That caution could be tied to the rough history of ARM-based Windows PCs. In 2012, PC makers like Dell and Asus took a chance and built devices with Windows RT, a version of Windows 8 for ARM-based tablets and PCs. Microsoft also built a Surface tablet with a Qualcomm chip. But Windows RT was a bust, partly because of issues related to incompatibility of x86 applications and drivers. Users turned back to Windows PCs running on x86 chips from Intel and AMD. But times have changed, and Qualcomm has observed and learned. The Snapdragon 835 will run a full version of Windows on ARM, and x86 applications will work, said Cisco Cheng, an evangelist for Qualcomm's Snapdragon technologies. Microsoft has put up a Youtube video showing Windows 10 running on a PC with the Snapdragon 835. The PC runs a 64-bit version of the OS, supports touch and Windows Ink features, and also can run Win32 applications via hardware-level emulation. But there is also a new set of opportunities for PCs with the Snapdragon 835, Cheng said. PCs will be thinner, batteries will be bigger, and groundbreaking wireless connectivity features will come to all devices using the chip, Cheng said. The Snapdragon 835 -- which is based on the Kryo 280 architecture -- is smaller than a U.S. penny and will take up very little space on a laptop or 2-in-1. That helps slim down and reduce the device's weight, and saves space for a bigger battery. Qualcomm's new chip also integrates the latest LTE, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technologies. Intel hasn't yet integrated Wi-Fi or an LTE modem into its PC chips, giving Qualcomm an advantage. The Snapdragon 835 also has the fastest LTE modem, able to download data at up to 1Gbps. That's even faster than modems in the Apple iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7, which can download data at 600Mbps. PCs with the Snapdragon 835 will also get Bluetooth 5, which can transfer data at 2Mbps, two times faster than Bluetooth 4.2. Bluetooth 5 also has a longer range than its predecessor. In addition, Snapdragon 835 laptops will support 802.11ad, an emerging Wi-Fi standard that can theoretically transfer data at speeds of up to 7Gbps. Qualcomm's promoting a realistic speed of about 4.6Gbps. The chip also has a feature called Quick Charge 4, which provides five hours of talk time on a smartphone after just a five-minute recharge. That feature could make it to PCs. But there are hurdles. Intel's latest CPUs could handily beat the Snapdragon 835 in performance benchmarks. Intel's chips are built for performance, while the Snapdragon 835 is built for power-efficiency on mobile devices, which drags down performance. Qualcomm did not provide information on CPU performance improvements in the 835 compared to its predecessor, the Snapdragon 820. But the 835's Adreno 540 GPU is about 25 percent faster compared to the GPU in the older chip. PC makers have been designing laptops and desktops around Intel chips for decades, creating a challenge for Qualcomm. PCs need to be designed and tweaked around a processor, which can be a 12- to 18-month process. So it could take some time for PC makers to design Snapdragon-based laptops and 2-in-1s. Exactly how PCs will take advantage of the Snapdragon 835 will become clear later this year. But the chip provides opportunities to bring different OSes to PCs. For example, Snapdragon provides a chance to bring Google's Android-based mobile DayDream VR platform to PCs. HP Elite Slice More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Read next IT spend tightens regardless of increase in services Microsoft launches StaffHub to connect deskless workers Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Adata SSD, Memory & USB Storage Solutions. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:53AM Security concerns remain as open source usage surges 11:31AM Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? 10:37AM Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe 09:00AM InfoTrust - Specialising in security More News Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Australia is not a screw-up nation 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures Discounts My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Intel buys stake in smart mapping firm in bid to battle Google and Uber in self driving car wars  Intel will take a 15 percent stake in German digital mapping firm HERE Carmakers are increasingly striking partnerships with technology firms using open technology standards By Reuters Published: 13:44 EST, 3 January 2017 | Updated: 18:22 EST, 3 January 2017 e-mail 15 shares 3 View comments U.S. chip maker Intel will take a 15 percent stake in German digital mapping firm HERE, it said on Tuesday, as it seeks to build its presence in automated driving technology. A filing to the German cartel office on Tuesday showed Intel has sought approval to buy a stake in the company, which is controlled by German carmakers Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen. Intel and HERE said in a statement that they had also signed an agreement to collaborate on the research and development of real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly- and fully-automated driving. U.S. chip maker Intel will take a 15 percent stake in German digital mapping firm HERE, it said on Tuesday, as it seeks to build its presence in automated driving technology. Intel did not disclose how much it would pay for the stake but said the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter. The deal highlights a shift in the dynamics of research and development in the car industry, which until recently saw automakers largely dictating terms for suppliers to manufacture their proprietary technologies at specified volumes and prices. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next What lies under the poles of Mars: 3D radar reveals vast... Never underestimate a chicken: Researchers find birds have... Is Amazon set to take on eBay? Firm begins allowing users to... Will the world end in October? Conspiracy theorist claims... Share this article Share 15 shares Now carmakers are increasingly striking partnerships with technology firms using open technology standards, seeking to harness their expertise in areas including machine learning and mapping as they race against Silicon Valley companies such as Google, Tesla and Apple to develop driverless vehicles. THE REAL-TIME SERVICES  Here’s Open Location Platform uses sensor data from connected vehicles. This includes data from brakes, windshield wipers, headlights, location systems, cameras and other sensors, are translated into alerts on driver dashboards using the HERE services. Hundreds of thousands of vehicles from the three German automakers are set to begin feeding visual data into the HERE system supplying these services. The data are then translated into alerts on driver dashboards using the HERE services The firm has now unveiled Real-Time Traffic, Hazard Warnings, Road Signs, and On-Street Parking to provide live updates regarding driving conditions.  Last month two Chinese companies and Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in HERE and in July, BMW teamed up with Intel and Mobileye to develop self-driving cars by 2021. BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen bought HERE for 2.8 billion euros ($2.9 billion) in 2015 from mobile equipment maker Nokia of Finland. Last September, HERE said it would introduce a new set of traffic services allowing drivers to see for themselves what live road conditions are like miles ahead using data from competing automakers, an industry first. German digital map maker HERE will introduce a new set of traffic services this week that allows drivers to see for themselves what live road conditions are like miles ahead. This relies on data from the sensors of connected vehicles Share or comment on this article e-mail 15 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (3) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read First came Fitbit exercise trackers for humans... now 'Fitbark' claims to be the way to get your FAT FIDO... The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet... Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from What Earth will look like in 250 million years: Simulations show new MEGACONTINENT called Amasia... Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just... Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth... Screen time is GOOD for teen brains: Why 257 minutes is the 'sweet spot' before computers damage mental... What's REALLY in your sushi? Study finds almost half of fish are mislabeled in restaurants Can YOU recognise cities around the world just by sound? Fascinating interactive quiz may baffle even... Want to stick to your New Year resolutions? Move house, say scientists  Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in... SpaceX finances 'on a knife edge' following disastrous rocket explosion - and Elon Musk is relying on... Android inventor Andy Rubin to take on Apple and Google with new smartphone and 'home AI' products ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul... Space mountain: Astronaut shares stunning out of this world shot of the Rockies from the ISS MORE HEADLINES The biggest storm in the universe: Stunning new NASA image reveals Jupiter's 'great red spot' megastorm in unprecedented detail Is this how the dinosaurs REALLY died out? Researchers reconstruct the dark and frozen conditions on Earth after asteroid megastrike Incredible images reveal how eruptions from Alaska's Bogoslof volcano have transformed the island in just two decades The MEGASHARK died out because it was a picky eater: Researchers say megalodon was unable to change its diet after its favourite whales died out ISIS is increasingly modifying home drones to drop bombs - and US troops say they now see them in Mosul every DAY You've been feeding your cat wrong: Scientists say you should give it food 5 TIMES a day to stop it getting fat Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console Our microbe ancestors revealed: Scientists may have finally found where complex life came from The terrifying moment a rattlesnake attacks a rat is captured in slow-motion for the first time Breakthrough in fixing a broken heart: Researchers use stem cells to regenerate the outer layer of organ in groundbreaking research Did complex life come from BACTERIA? Researchers say virus infections could have sparked them being reprogrammed to become animal cells MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Is it really worth paying £280 for the Switch? MailOnline gives its verdict on Nintendo's latest console While the design is impressive and easy to use, the game line up is disappointing. Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help  168 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
What are you looking for? Browse Cars Menu For Sale Sign In / Join Sign In to CNET Join CNET Member Benefits My Profile Forums Sign Out By Style Coupes Sedans Crossovers SUVs Trucks Electric Cars Hybrids Sports Cars ... See all Or By Make & Model Make (e.g. Ford, etc.) Popular Makes Acura Chevrolet Dodge Ford GMC Honda Hyundai Jeep Mazda Nissan Subaru Toyota Volkswagen Premium Makes Alfa Romeo Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Ferrari Infiniti Jaguar Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Maserati McLaren Mercedes-Benz Porsche Rolls Royce Tesla Volvo More Makes Chrysler Fiat Freightliner Kia Lotus Maybach Mini Mitsubishi Saab Scion Smart Suzuki Model (e.g. Fusion) Year Go We cover it all, click your favorite News Car Payment Calculators AutoComplete Carfection CNET on Cars Best Sedans Best Trucks Concept Cars Diesel Cars Electric Cars Luxury Cars Sports Cars Audi Cadillac Chevrolet Ford Honda Jaguar Land Rover Mercedes-Benz Nissan Tesla Toyota Volvo Detroit Auto Show New York Auto Show Paris Auto Show Go Intel is buying a stake in mapping company Here The deal is part of the chipmaker's plans to make major investments in driverless-car tech. Roadshow by Terry Collins January 3, 2017 4:09 PM PST @terryscollins Up Next New 2018 Buick Enclave expected at the New York Auto Show Intel is revving up its presence in the self-driving car game by buying a 15 percent stake in Here, a mapping technology company. Intel is vying for a bigger spot in the self-driving car race. The Silicon Valley chipmaker said Tuesday it's buying a 15 percent stake in Here, a mapping company, to develop autonomous positioning systems used in driverless vehicles. Financial details weren't disclosed. The Intel deal comes less than 18 months after Here was sold by Nokia to European automakers Audi, BMW and Daimler. During the Los Angeles Auto Show in November, Intel announced plans to invest more than $250 million over the next two years "to make fully autonomous driving a reality." It's all part of grand plan to keep pace with the likes of Google, Tesla and Uber in pursuing technology to put self-driving vehicles on the road. And, in Intel's case by 2021 or sooner. In a joint statement Tuesday, Intel and Here said they will be working on technology for "maps for highly and fully automated driving." "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich. Here CEO Edzard Overbeek agrees. "A real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms," he said. Intel will also work with Audi, BMW and Daimler for testing, the companies said. First published January 3, 1:57 p.m PT. Update, 3:55 p.m. PT: Adds background about Intel and comments from Here CEO. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Roadshow Car Tech Intel Related Stories Take a hyperlapse tour of the 2017 Detroit auto show in 360 degrees Check out Audi, BMW and Mercedes at Detroit in 360 degrees Watch Roadshow's awards and interviews from the 2017 Detroit Auto Show right here Pixar hits Detroit with an early look at 'Cars 3' Close   Discuss: Intel is buying a stake in mapping company... Up Next: New 2018 Buick Enclave expected at the New York Auto Show AutoComplete: Ford, Toyota expand Takata recall lists by hundreds of thousands of cars Tesla finally divulges paid Supercharging details, and Lotus built one hell of a racecar. by Emme Hall 1:37 Close Drag About Roadshow Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Permissions Contact Us © CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Welcome, Guest Log in | Register Home   Slideshows   Blogs   IT Downloads   Research Center   Newsletters   Sponsored Content IT Management   Data Center   Cloud   Careers   Mobility   Security   Enterprise Apps   Social Media   Big Data   Internet of Things Home      Blogs      IT Unmasked      Intel Unveils 7th Gen VPro Processor Related Content Topic :  Artificial Intelligence  Systems that can learn, reason and adapt to the changing environment of your business Blog :  Intel Advances AI Agenda Article :  Ultra Mobile Device Update: MIDs Ascendant, UMPCs Hanging On Intel Unveils 7th Gen vPro Processor Mike Vizard |   IT Unmasked   |   Posted 03 Jan, 2017          |         |     Share 10 Trends Making Enterprise App Stores Work As part of a larger expansion of the 7th Generation Intel Core and Xeon processor lineup, Intel today unveiled the latest version of the vPro processor family, expected to find their way into millions of business-class desktop, notebooks and tablet devices. Thanks to management and security functions built into the Intel vPro architecture, IT organizations have already shown a marked tendency to favor vPro systems. The 7th Generation Intel Core vPro processor unveiled today is being touted by Intel as being able to substantially improve productivity over a five-year-old PC while at the same time enabling the building of mobile computing devices that have as much as 10 hours of battery life. Tom Garrison, vice president and general manager for the Business Client Platform Division at Intel, says that as IT organizations make the transition to Windows 10, they are more conscious about security concerns than ever. To better secure endpoints, Intel also announced today that it has collaborated with Microsoft to integrate Intel Authenticate multi-factor authentication software running on Intel processors with Microsoft Hello, which allows end users to make use of fingerprints, the face or the iris of their eyes to unlock endpoint devices running Windows 10. Intel also announced that a new Intel Data Guard tool for encrypting documents will be available on 6th and 7th generation processors by the middle of this year. Intel Data Guard will enable IT organizations to embed protections and permissions that are directly attached to a document wherever it happens to wind up being stored, says Garrison. Finally, Intel is making available Intel Manageability Commander, which makes it simpler to discover, diagnose and remediate remote PC issues by enabling IT staffs to take direct control of the device. Collectively, Garrison says Intel expects security concerns will drive a wave of PC upgrades in 2017. “We think many IT organizations are looking at refreshing their PCs for security reasons,” says Garrison. In total, Intel reports that there are already 24 desktop, 80 notebook and 24 2-in-1 designs based on 7th Generation Intel Core vPro processors coming to market this year. Given the range of options, the bigger decision may not necessarily be to upgrade to systems that are clearly more secure and simpler to manage, but rather figuring out what form of vPro platform to ultimately standardize on.          |         |     Share Add Comment      Leave a comment on this blog post Please enable Javascript in your browser, before you post the comment! Now Javascript is disabled. Post a comment  Your name/nickname  Your email  WebSite  Subject (Maximum characters: 1200). You have 1200 characters left.     Subscribe to our Newsletters Sign up now and get the best business technology insights direct to your inbox. SUBSCRIBE   Property of Quinstreet Enterprise. Sitemap | Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | About Us | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright © 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2014 Quinstreet Inc. All right reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Don’t be fooled: Intel’s new desktop CPUs aren’t faster – CNET Posted on January 3, 2017 by CNET Kaby Lake. Kaby Lake. Kaby Lake. If you read tech news, you may seeing that phrase an awful lot this week: it’s what Intel calls its latest 7th-generation processors for laptop and desktop PCs. But before you get all excited about a PC with the new … Intel’s new NUC mini-desktops get Kaby Lake, Optane, and Thunderbolt 3PCWorld Intel launches new Kaby Lake chips suited for Apple’s MacBook Pro, iMacAppleInsider (press release) (blog) Intel Announces Full Lineup of Kaby Lake Processors for iMac, MacBook Pro, and MoreMac Rumors Laptop Mag -9 to 5 Mac -Ars Technica -BGR all 83 news articles …read more wrote 24921 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Aireon Announces Successful First Launch For Space-Based ADS-B Network – Yahoo Finance Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack

  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  Intel Optane Memory Coming in Q2 2017 Intel Optane Memory Coming in Q2 2017 Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - 4:01 PM Intel announced their new 7th Generation Core ‘Kaby Lake’ processors this morning along with their new Intel 200 series chipsets to go along with those new processors (check out our review). One of the new supported features on Intel 200 series boards is Intel Optane Memory, so it shouldn’t come as too much of a surprise that the company has also started to share some details on Intel Optane Memory and the Intel Optane Memory Ready program. Intel Optane memory is a new class of non-volatile memory (NVM) device which accelerates client systems to unleash the new high performance experiences users demand. By pairing either a 16GB or 32GB Intel Optane memory module (via an M.2 motherboard slot) with a large-capacity hard drive or SATA solid state drive users can get SSD-like speed while maintaining capacity and affordability. Note that they said SATA SSD or HDD as this technology isn’t meant to be paired with high-end PCIe SSDs it appears. Once you pop one of the Intel Optane memory modules into an open M.2 slot on your board, or an add-in card if your motherboard doesn’t have an open slot, you should get improved speed while maintaining large storage capacities is ideal for virtual reality, gaming, content creation and video editing. Intel says that Optane memory boosts responsiveness across the system, but has yet to disclose any performance data, product pricing or exact availability at this time. If all goes well Intel Optane memory solutions should be available to consumers in the second quarter of 2017. That hasn’t slowed down the motherboard makers and almost all of them are advertising Intel Optane memory module support on their new Intel Z270 motherboards that came out today. MSI for example showed that the all-new Intel Optane technology is supported on their Turbo M.2 slots that are connected to the PCI-E Gen3 x4 interface for transfer speeds up to 32 Gb/s. MSI has an M.2 Shield (patent pending) that comes with select board models to help keep SSDs or Optane modules nice and cool to prevent damage and thermal throttling. Intel Optane brings back memories of Intel Smart Response Technology (SRT) that was introduced by Intel when Sandy Bridge processors came out on the Intel Z68 platform way back in 2011. It was known as SSD Caching before it was branded as launched as it basically functioned as cache for conventional rotational hard drives at the time as SSDs were very expensive back them. Intel Smart Response Technology caches data I/O blocks to the SSD that benefit the most from acceleration—for example, your most frequently used applications, games, and OS data. Intel still supports the technology, but it is something we haven’t seen anyone use in years let alone still talk much about it. Let’s hope that Intel Optane technology gets off to a better start than SSD Caching did back in 2011 with Intel SRT. Terry Francis I am following this closely. I believe there to be more than meets the eye on what this is capable of. I do need more data on power consumption. gerwingr going to follow this, if it works for two core kaby i am up for it. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO ARM PCs with Windows 10 get a new start with Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 ARM PCs with Windows 10 get a new start with Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835 chip could make Windows PCs on ARM attractive again Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 January, 2017 09:00 - - - - print email Comments Take your pick: whether you choose an Android smartphone, Windows 10 laptop or hybrid PC device, you'll be able to run Qualcomm's Snapdragon 835. That sums up the versatility of the new chip: designed primarily for Android smartphones, it has the horsepower to run a PC. In fact, the Snapdragon 835 will  bring never-before-seen features to Windows PCs. The chip, based on ARM architecture, will first arrive in smartphones later this quarter, with a good chance of appearing in new handsets from Samsung, HTC and LG. It will also appear in PCs running Windows 10 later this year. Microsoft and Qualcomm in December announced they were collaborating to bring the Snapdragon 835 to "cellular PCs," which are thin-and-light Windows 10 laptops with smartphone-like, always-on connectivity to the internet. When users buy a laptop with the Snapdragon 835, they will also get the fastest available LTE modem, Bluetooth 5 and Wi-Fi that supports the emerging 802.11ad standard, which is faster than today's 802.11ac. LTE connectivity doesn't come standard with PCs, but that could change with the Snapdragon 835. In addition, the Snapdragon 835 has a fast eight-core CPU with four cores to run high-performance applications and four power-efficient cores for mundane tasks like audio playback. It has an integrated GPU that supports 4K video, DirectX 12 gaming and virtual reality headsets. The chip will be able to do a lot of what Intel's mobile chips can do. The Snapdragon 835 is the first smartphone chip that has the ability to legitimately challenge Intel's decades-long domination in PCs. In interviews, Dell, Lenovo and HP executives said the idea of cellular PCs with the Snapdragon 835 is interesting, especially with the line between PCs and mobile devices blurring. More PCs need to be constantly connected to the internet for web browsing, e-mail, applications and cloud services. The capabilities of the Snapdragon 835, along with Microsoft and Qualcomm's promotional efforts, virtually ensures that some PCs will end up running the chip. However, PC makers are taking a cautious approach. They are still evaluating the Snapdragon 835 and haven't yet committed to releasing hardware based on it. That caution could be tied to the rough history of ARM-based Windows PCs. In 2012, PC makers like Dell and Asus took a chance and built devices with Windows RT, a version of Windows 8 for ARM-based tablets and PCs. Microsoft also built a Surface tablet with a Qualcomm chip. But Windows RT was a bust, partly because of issues related to incompatibility of x86 applications and drivers. Users turned back to Windows PCs running on x86 chips from Intel and AMD. But times have changed, and Qualcomm has observed and learned. The Snapdragon 835 will run a full version of Windows on ARM, and x86 applications will work, said Cisco Cheng, an evangelist for Qualcomm's Snapdragon technologies. Microsoft has put up a Youtube video showing Windows 10 running on a PC with the Snapdragon 835. The PC runs a 64-bit version of the OS, supports touch and Windows Ink features, and also can run Win32 applications via hardware-level emulation. But there is also a new set of opportunities for PCs with the Snapdragon 835, Cheng said. PCs will be thinner, batteries will be bigger, and groundbreaking wireless connectivity features will come to all devices using the chip, Cheng said. The Snapdragon 835 -- which is based on the Kryo 280 architecture -- is smaller than a U.S. penny and will take up very little space on a laptop or 2-in-1. That helps slim down and reduce the device's weight, and saves space for a bigger battery. Qualcomm's new chip also integrates the latest LTE, Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technologies. Intel hasn't yet integrated Wi-Fi or an LTE modem into its PC chips, giving Qualcomm an advantage. The Snapdragon 835 also has the fastest LTE modem, able to download data at up to 1Gbps. That's even faster than modems in the Apple iPhone 7 and Samsung Galaxy S7, which can download data at 600Mbps. PCs with the Snapdragon 835 will also get Bluetooth 5, which can transfer data at 2Mbps, two times faster than Bluetooth 4.2. Bluetooth 5 also has a longer range than its predecessor. In addition, Snapdragon 835 laptops will support 802.11ad, an emerging Wi-Fi standard that can theoretically transfer data at speeds of up to 7Gbps. Qualcomm's promoting a realistic speed of about 4.6Gbps. The chip also has a feature called Quick Charge 4, which provides five hours of talk time on a smartphone after just a five-minute recharge. That feature could make it to PCs. But there are hurdles. Intel's latest CPUs could handily beat the Snapdragon 835 in performance benchmarks. Intel's chips are built for performance, while the Snapdragon 835 is built for power-efficiency on mobile devices, which drags down performance. Qualcomm did not provide information on CPU performance improvements in the 835 compared to its predecessor, the Snapdragon 820. But the 835's Adreno 540 GPU is about 25 percent faster compared to the GPU in the older chip. PC makers have been designing laptops and desktops around Intel chips for decades, creating a challenge for Qualcomm. PCs need to be designed and tweaked around a processor, which can be a 12- to 18-month process. So it could take some time for PC makers to design Snapdragon-based laptops and 2-in-1s. Exactly how PCs will take advantage of the Snapdragon 835 will become clear later this year. But the chip provides opportunities to bring different OSes to PCs. For example, Snapdragon provides a chance to bring Google's Android-based mobile DayDream VR platform to PCs. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about AMDAppleARMCiscoDellGalaxyGoogleHPHTCIntelLenovoLGMicrosoftQualcommSamsung Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Dell EMC Global data protection index II Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner Email Security in a Zero Trust World Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Linux Systems Engineer QLD System Administrator NSW Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network QLD Senior Business Analyst NSW Project Manager NSW Level 3 Engineer NSW Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network NSW IT Solutions Architect QLD Senior Linux Systems Administrator NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next My month with the Surface Book i7 with Performance Base ​Steven Fox leaves Caltex ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! CSO After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims Suspected NSA tool hackers dump more cyberweapons in farewell Guccifer 2.0, alleged Russian cyberspy, returns to deride US Siblings arrested in Italy's worst cyberespionage operation ever Computerworld The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Computerworld news now available via Alexa Flash Briefing Will Trump's policies increase IT employment? ARN Security concerns remain as open source usage surges Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe InfoTrust - Specialising in security ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Techworld Social networks let the rich buy influence 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine The Switch is a mix of Nintendo's past consoles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February INU is a pricey personal scooter for the urban consumer CMO Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data Interview: The business case for mixed reality in marketing Marketing, sales and IT could be up for big pay rises in 2017 Design thinking: Leading with experience Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Home / News / Intel confirms 15% stake in mapping business Intel confirms 15% stake in mapping business News | January 3rd, 2017 by Horatiu Boeriu 0 Tweet Here, the mapping and location services company owned by Audi, BMW and Daimler, is getting a new partner and investor. Chipmaker Intel has confirmed that … Here, the mapping and location services company owned by Audi, BMW and Daimler, is getting a new partner and investor. Chipmaker Intel has confirmed that it is taking a 15 percent stake in the business, which it will use to develop autonomous positioning systems. The companies are not disclosing the value of the stake, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. At Here’s sale price in 2015, the stake would be worth $390 million in today’s currency. “Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world’s most intelligent, connected devices,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, in a statement. “We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future.” “A real-time, self-healing and high definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms,” said Edzard Overbeek, Here CEO, in a statement. “As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate HERE’s ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected.” With the Here investment, the plan is to design and deliver proof-of-concept architecture to improve driving safety and predictability. Intel said it will eventually offer it to other carmakers. Last week, Singapore’s GIC, Tencent and NavInfo agreed to take a 10% stake of Here as well. HereHERE maps Previous post Beautiful photoshoot with the BMW E34 5 Series Next post BMW 3 Series was Auto Trader’s most searched car in 2016 RECOMMENDED FOR YOU BMW, Audi and Daimler sell 10% stake in HERE to China and Singapore Here, the mapping company owned by Audi, BMW and Daimler, plans to bring its products and services to China. The trio has partnered up with … BMW, Audi and Daimler Join Forces to form 5G Automotive Association After working together for the first time in decades to acquire the HERE mapping company, BMW, Audi and Daimler AG are once again collaborating for … BMW, Mercedes, and Audi joining forces to take on Google Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz have entered into an agreement to supply data-mapping service HERE with real-time sensor data collected by their cars to enable systems … BMW, Audi and Daimler’s HERE purchase is about more than maps Last year, BMW Audi and Daimler together dropped huge bucks on Nokia’s digital mapping service, HERE, to the tune of $3.1 billion. The idea was … Top stories Editor's Pick 4-Series | Jan 12, 2017 BMW 4 Series Gran Coupe Comparison – Sport vs. Luxury Love the looks of the BMW M4 but really love the idea of having a four-door vehicle? The M3 could be your “compromise.” But if … Interesting | Jan 12, 2017 Our experience with the BMW ReachNow Car Sharing Service Being mobile and getting to where you need to go quickly in today’s fast-paced bustling cities is a must. Owning a car is not an … BMW M4, Tuning | Jan 12, 2017 BMW M4 GTS by Vorsteiner gets some custom wheels Finding the right wheels for the BMW M4 GTS is a challenging task. Many customers vary between ordering the standard aluminum wheel style 666 with eye-catching accents … Test Drives | Oct 22, 2014 BMWBLOG Review: 2015 BMW X6 BMWBLOG went to Spartanburg, South Carolina, to test drive the all-new 2015 BMW X6, the second-generation Sports Activity Coupe Test Drives | Oct 14, 2014 BMWBLOG Test Drive: 2015 Rolls Royce Ghost Series II BMWBLOG goes to Dallas to test drive the new 2015 Rolls Royce Ghost Series II When is a car not a car? An odd question, … Test Drives | Jan 19, 2014 BMW M235i – First Test Drive BMWBLOG goes to Las Vegas Speedway to test drive the new BMW M235i. On The Track Nailing the throttle exiting Turn 2, on to the … BMWBLOG Auto Shows BMW European Delivery Interesting Be a designer Car Tips Featured Posts How-To Others Lifestyle MINI Models 1-series 1M 2 Series 3-Series 4-Series 5-series 5 Series GT 6-series 6 Series Coupe 6 Series Gran Coupe 7-series 7 Series Hybrid BMW i BMW M BMW M1 BMW M2 BMW M3 BMW M4 BMW M5 BMW M6 BMW X BMW X1 BMW X2 BMW X3 BMW X3 M BMW X4 BMW X5 BMW X5 M BMW X6 BMW X6 M BMW X7 BMW Z BMW Z3 BMW Z4 BMW Z8 Concepts ActiveE Gran Coupe Vision EfficientDynamics Engines Motorrad News Racing Rolls Royce Rumors Spy Photos Test Drives Tuning Videos Models 1-series 1M 2 Series 3-Series 4-Series 5-series 5 Series GT 6-series 6 Series Coupe 6 Series Gran Coupe 7-series 7 Series Hybrid BMW i BMW M BMW M1 BMW M2 BMW M3 BMW M4 BMW M5 BMW M6 BMW X BMW X1 BMW X2 BMW X3 BMW X3 M BMW X4 BMW X5 BMW X5 M BMW X6 BMW X6 M BMW X7 BMW Z BMW Z3 BMW Z4 BMW Z8 Concepts ActiveE Gran Coupe Vision EfficientDynamics Engines Test Drives Spy Photos News Videos Rumors Mini About About us Advertise with us Contact Get newsletter Privacy Policy Follow Like us on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow Follow on Google+ Follow on Pinterest Follow BMWBlog Subscribe to RSS x Sections Auto Shows BMW European Delivery Interesting Lifestyle MINI Models Motorrad News Racing Rolls Royce Rumors Spy Photos Test Drives Tuning Videos Advertisement Copyright © 2015 BMWBLOG.com. All rights reserved. About Advertise with us Contact Privacy Policy. Design by WP-design BMWBLOG @ NEWSLETTER
The Latest New Products Must-See Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Computers Desktops Don't be fooled: Intel's new desktop CPUs aren't faster Don't be fooled: Intel's new desktop CPUs aren't faster You'd be better off buying an older chip on sale. Desktops by Sean Hollister January 3, 2017 12:56 PM PST @starfire2258 Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Intel's latest chips aren't that great Tests show that Intel's seventh-generation processors have stiff competition from Intel's older CPUs. by Iyaz Akhtar 1:12 Close Drag Kaby Lake. Kaby Lake. Kaby Lake. If you read tech news, you may seeing that phrase an awful lot this week: it's what Intel calls its latest seventh-generation processors for laptop and desktop PCs. But before you get all excited about a PC with the new processors, there's something you should know: they're not meaningfully faster than the chips you can already buy now. We'd already known that Intel's new laptop chips weren't a big upgrade, but it seems the desktop chips are even less compelling: today, the reviews are in and experts are struggling to find meaningful differences between the new Intel Core i7-7700K and 7600K and their predecessors. In page after page of benchmarks (I read 'em so you don't have to) at reputable PC component benchmarking sites like AnandTech, PC Perspective and Tom's Hardware, each site comes to the same conclusion: the new chips only seem faster because Intel sets the clock speed (GHz) a little bit higher before they leave the factory. Enlarge Image Photo by Tom's Hardware But if you overclock last year's Core i7-6700K and i5-6600K to that same speed, they perform identically -- sometimes even a hair better. It's not a big difference even if you don't overclock. Depending on the benchmark, we're talking seconds, or sometimes just tenths of a second faster in apps like Photoshop and Office. The new chips also don't seem to run any cooler or more power-efficient. And if you're a PC gamer, you should know that -- like usual -- a new Intel CPU also won't help your games run faster. Here's a chart showing how the six-year-old Intel Core i7-2600K is basically just as competent in games as Intel's latest chips: Enlarge Image Photo by AnandTech I've gotta agree with Mark Walton at Ars Technica: desktop chips are dead in the water. That doesn't mean Intel's new Kaby Lake chips have nothing to offer, though: they're the only official way to watch Netflix in 4K on a desktop PC, and Intel promises they'll support a new form of hybrid memory/storage dubbed Optane (more on how Optane works here). And there is one processor in Intel's new lineup that might be worth talking about: the new Core i3-7350K. For half the asking price of Intel's highest-end Core i7-7700K, it offers the same impressively high 4.2GHz clockspeed and overclocking capabilities (unheard of for a cheap Core i3!) for about half the price -- just with two cores instead of four, and four threads instead of eight. (See it in some of AnandTech's benchmark charts here.) But as far as I can see today, the best thing about Intel's new chips are the sale prices you're about to find on last year's processors. Better luck next year? Share your voice 0 comments Tags CES 2017 Desktops Intel Related Stories Intel's new mini desktop computer is priced to sell VR-ready gaming PC for $499 means this tech is getting affordable Welcome your new robot overlords with this terrifying gaming PC Best desktops of 2017 Close   Discuss: Don't be fooled: Intel's new desktop CPUs... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Computerworld Intel buys into autonomous vehicle mapping company News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Intel buys into autonomous vehicle mapping company The goal: Maps with a high-definition representation of the physical world around autonomous vehicles Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 04 January, 2017 08:27 - - - - print email Comments Intel has announced it is purchasing a 15% stake in Netherlands-based HERE, a company that makes digital maps and location-based services for semi- and fully autonomous vehicles and the internet of things (IoT) industry. Intel and HERE plan to jointly develop a "highly scalable, proof-of-concept architecture" that provides real-time updates of HD maps for self-driving vehicles as well as "explore opportunities" in IoT and machine learning. Intel Intel displays its automated driving technology at the Automobility LA conference on Nov. 15, 2016. "A real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms," HERE CEO Edzard Overbeek said in a statement. "Intel can help accelerate HERE's ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected." In November, Intel made public its plans to invest $250 million dollars in autonomous vehicle technology. "These investments will drive the development of technologies that push the boundaries on next-generation connectivity, communication, context awareness, deep learning, security, safety and more," Intel said in a news release. Intel and HERE also plan to jointly explore strategic opportunities that result from developing edge-computing devices with location data. Intel "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in a statement. "We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future." Intel said it will also work with automakers who are also HERE investors, such as AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG, to test the HD mapping architecture. Intel and HERE said they envision making the architecture broadly available across the automotive industry as a seamlessly integrated offering that simplifies and shortens time of development for automakers. The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about Intel Editor's Recommendations Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes 'Antiquated' IT behind MP expenses reporting to be overhauled, says Turnbull Tourism Australia recruits Microsoft veteran for CIO role Open data demands a double-edged sword for fintechs, ANZ says Australian Medical Association appoints new group CIO Agree? Free Wi-Fi providers bamboozling users with T&Cs Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Southern Cross deploys SDN to serve Pacific Islands Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
Trending: Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Hands on: Apple's AirPods are 'magical' Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple IT teams put conversations to work with ChatOps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Data Center Data Storage News Intel unveils its Optane hyperfast memory Intel released few key details around its new non-volatile memory By Lucas Mearian | Follow Senior Writer, Computerworld | Jan 3, 2017 11:56 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this Intel's Optane: What users can expect in PCs and when it will ship Intel's silence on Optane SSDs raises questions about launch and focus The next MacBook Pro could sport Intel's new 3D XPoint SSD Video SanDisk crams 200GB onto MicroSD Intel today announced that its upcoming Optane non-volatile memory will ship in the second quarter of the year as 16GB and 32GB M.2 expansion cards. Optane memory will be available as an option for new Intel-based client platforms, including Intel 7th Gen Core (Kaby Lake), and as a standalone component. Platforms and motherboards supporting Intel Optane technology will be labeled "Optane Ready" to indicate their compatibility. Intel unveiled Intel Optane Memory along with sharing details about Intel 7th generation Core processors. Intel Intel's Optane memory module on a Stoney Beach motherboard. Developed internally with partner Micron as 3D XPoint, which the companies claim is a "new class" of memory, Optane will act as a high-speed cache in conjunction with either a larger capacity hard drive or a SATA SSD. The low capacity of Intel's Optane modules will enable it to be affordable as well, the company said. "Improving speed while maintaining large storage capacities is ideal for virtual reality, gaming, content creation and video editing and so much more," Intel said in a statement. "The performance of a 7th Gen Intel Core processor plus the speed of Intel Optane memory boosts responsiveness across the system." Intel Other than detailing Optane module capacities and form factor, Intel released virtually no other details about the memory, including performance specifications, pricing or  exact availability dates. A spokesman for the company said additional detail, including performance specifications, would be released "soon." In June, Intel let slip its plans for releasing several product lines based on the new 3D XPoint memory, which it said it would release alongside its Kaby Lake processor platform. In August, Micron revealed its own separate go-to-market plans for 3D Xpoint memory, which it will sell under the name QuantX. Both Micron and Intel claim the new non-volatile memory sports up to 1,000 times the performance of NAND flash. The first generation of QuantX solid-state drives (SSDs) will be aimed squarely at data center applications when they ship in the second quarter, according to Jon Carter, Micron's vice president of storage solutions Intel Currently, Micron expects to see its first revenues from QuantX sales in the second half of 2017, with 2018 being a "bigger year," and 2019 being the "break-out" revenue year, Carter said. 3D Crosspoint will be about half the price of DRAM, but around four to five times more expensive than NAND flash, Carter said. So while it will replace DRAM for many applications, it's not likely to replace NAND flash -- at least for prosumer applications --- anytime soon. Intel Intel's Optane M.2 memory module being inserted onto a Stoney Beach motherboard. Carter said demand for QuantX memory is "through the roof" from system manufacturers and there's currently not enough stock to go around. "We've built the capacity for the first couple of years; it's all accounted for," Carter said in an earlier interview with Computerworld. "I've been in situations with partners who buy a lot of DRAM who've said, 'Do you know how much DRAM I buy? You'd better get me some 3D XPoint.' " To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Data Storage Personal Technology Computer Hardware Daily Briefing Senior Writer Lucas Mearian covers consumer data storage, consumerization of IT, mobile device management, renewable energy, telematics/car tech and entertainment tech for Computerworld. Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. BrandPostsLearn more Sponsored by Hewlett Packard Enterprise The future of fast: composable infrastructure Popular Resources White Paper Seven Myths of Cloud-Managed Wi-Fi Video/Webcast Sponsored The Rise of Malware-Less Attacks: How Can Endpoint Security Keep Up? White Paper When Concrete and Steel Meet Sensors and Signals: How a Mobile Workforce Can Make it All Work White Paper 2016 Predictions For Cloud & What I&O Pros Should Do About Them Video/Webcast Sponsored Achieving Digital Transformation through Cloud-Based Data and Analytics Services Go Top Stories Here's how much Tesla will require EV owners to pay to charge up Tesla has announced the prices vehicle owners will have to pay to use its Supercharger stations. A trip... Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools A handful of free tools can be used to repair most problems on Windows 10 PCs -- and they’re all... Best tips & takeaways from RStudio Conference I'll be sharing the most interesting things I hear, see and learn at this week's big R event. NRAM set to spark a 'holy war' among memory technologies Nano-RAM, which is based on carbon nanotubes, is expected to challenge traditional memory and flash for... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Computerworld Intel unveils its Optane hyperfast memory News Technology News Business Cloud Computing Data Centre Gaming Dev Government Infrastructure Mobility Networking Open Source Security Servers Social Networking Software Software Development Storage Tech Planet Telecoms Tutorials Unified Comms Virtualisation Tools Blogs Editorial Contacts Events IT Media Releases Join Computerworld Newsletters NBN RSS Slideshows Vendor View Videos Zones Jobs Whitepapers All Whitepapers Business + Management Cloud Computing CRM Data Centre Data Management Disaster Recovery Network Security Storage Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Wireless Other Whitepapers Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. Twitter Facebook Intel unveils its Optane hyperfast memory Intel released few key details around its new non-volatile memory Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 04 January, 2017 06:56 - - - - print email Comments Intel today announced that its upcoming Optane non-volatile memory will ship in the second quarter of the year as 16GB and 32GB M.2 expansion cards. Optane memory will be available as an option for new Intel-based client platforms, including Intel 7th Gen Core (Kaby Lake), and as a standalone component. Platforms and motherboards supporting Intel Optane technology will be labeled "Optane Ready" to indicate their compatibility. Intel unveiled Intel Optane Memory along with sharing details about Intel 7th generation Core processors. Anand Lal Shimpi, Anandtech.com On the left is an mSATA solid-state drive and on the right is an M.2 SSD. Intel's new Optane memory will come as an M.2 expansion card that will plug directly into a computer's motherboard. Developed internally with partner Micron as 3D XPoint, which the companies claim is a "new class" of memory, Optane will act as a high-speed cache in conjunction with either a larger capacity hard drive or a SATA SSD. The low capacity of Intel's Optane modules will enable it to be affordable as well, the company said. "Improving speed while maintaining large storage capacities is ideal for virtual reality, gaming, content creation and video editing and so much more," Intel said in a statement. "The performance of a 7th Gen Intel Core processor plus the speed of Intel Optane memory boosts responsiveness across the system." Intel Other than detailing Optane module capacities and form factor, Intel released virtually no other details about the memory, including performance specifications, pricing or  exact availability dates. A spokesman for the company said additional detail, including performance specifications, would be released "soon." In June, Intel let slip its plans for releasing several product lines based on the new 3D XPoint memory, which it said it would release alongside its Kaby Lake processor platform. In August, Micron revealed its own separate go-to-market plans for 3D Xpoint memory, which it will sell under the name QuantX. Both Micron and Intel claim the new non-volatile memory sports up to 1,000 times the performance of NAND flash. The first generation of QuantX solid-state drives (SSDs) will be aimed squarely at data center applications when they ship in the second quarter, according to Jon Carter, Micron's vice president of storage solutions Intel Currently, Micron expects to see its first revenues from QuantX sales in the second half of 2017, with 2018 being a "bigger year," and 2019 being the "break-out" revenue year, Carter said. 3D Crosspoint will be about half the price of DRAM, but around four to five times more expensive than NAND flash, Carter said. So while it will replace DRAM for many applications, it's not likely to replace NAND flash -- at least for prosumer applications --- anytime soon. Carter said demand for QuantX memory is "through the roof" from system manufacturers and there's currently not enough stock to go around. "We've built the capacity for the first couple of years; it's all accounted for," Carter said in an earlier interview with Computerworld. "I've been in situations with partners who buy a lot of DRAM who've said, 'Do you know how much DRAM I buy? You'd better get me some 3D XPoint.' " The Continuum from Building to Buying your infrastructure More from Dell EMC Join the Computerworld newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about IntelLakeMicron Editor's Recommendations Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes 'Antiquated' IT behind MP expenses reporting to be overhauled, says Turnbull Tourism Australia recruits Microsoft veteran for CIO role Open data demands a double-edged sword for fintechs, ANZ says Australian Medical Association appoints new group CIO Agree? Free Wi-Fi providers bamboozling users with T&Cs Related Whitepapers The Smarter, Faster Way to Move to Windows 10. Why Cloud Computing is the Future Take Ctrl: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner. Cyber Ransom Survival Guide: The Growing Threat of Ransomware and RDoS – and What to Do About It Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Southern Cross deploys SDN to serve Pacific Islands Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... In pictures: Leading the Tech Agenda in STEM Education: Preparing Youth for ... Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Editorial Contacts Advertising Information Privacy Policy RSS Newsletters Events Whitepapers News Zones IT Media Releases Slideshows Videos Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | CIO | CMO | CSO | Techworld | ARN | CIO Executive Council
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ CPUs & Components/ Intel Unveils Kaby Lake Processors for Desktops, Workstations Intel Unveils Kaby Lake Processors for Desktops, Workstations By Tom Brant January 3, 2017 12:05pm EST 10 Comments Already on laptops and mobile devices, Intel's seventh-gen processors arrive for desktops and mobile workstations. After their debut in laptops and mobile devices in September, Intel's 7th Generation Core (aka "Kaby Lake") processors are now available across the entire spectrum of Intel-powered machines, from Xeon-based mobile workstations to gaming laptops to what's left of the consumer desktop market. While Intel is releasing its latest Core processors for what used to be the company's bread and butter—desktops—four months after their availability for lower-end portables and mobile devices, that doesn't mean the company is ignoring PC enthusiasts and professionals who demand lots of computing power. Intel says that the new high-end Core i7-7700K processor delivers a 35 percent performance boost for applications like the Adobe Premiere Pro video editing suite, compared with an equivalent processor from three years ago. It's unlocked, too, and users who need even more power can overclock it thanks to simplified voltage control that Intel claims will offer more stable overclocking; a Russian blog recently recorded a blistering clock speed of 7GHz. Another intriguing option for enthusiasts is the Core i3-7350K, a two-core, four-thread chip that's also unlocked. This marks the first time that Intel has released an overclockable Core i3 chip, moving heavy-duty overclocking capabilities into its budget-oriented family. Related Intel Unveils Kaby Lake Processor Details Intel Unveils Kaby Lake Processor Details The new processor lineup is also poised to usher in an era of 4K video, even for machines that don't have discrete graphics cards. Every Kaby Lake processor—even the Core i3—supports 4K streaming thanks to improved Intel Iris graphics, assuming you also have an Ultra HD display, a robust broadband connection (Intel recommends at least 25Mbps), and a premium Netflix subscription. As for Kaby Lake–powered workstations and business PCs, Intel is promising its enterprise customers more robust security, including support for hardware authentication features like biometrics, secure PINs, and proximity sensors. The processors have built-in two-factor authentication support for Dropbox and other cloud storage providers and the ability to keep duplicate copies of passwords stored in Dashlane, 1Password, and other password managers. If you're building a new system from scratch, the cheapest Core i3 processors are priced at around $100, with Xeons and Core i7s topping out at over $500. Meanwhile, Intel estimates that more than 100 consumer and enterprise Kaby Lake–powered systems are already on the market. Back to top Previous : Raspberry Pi Tops 10M Units Sold By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Outgoing FCC Chairman Defends Net Neutrality Tom Wheeler implored the FCC's incoming leadership not to mess with the open Internet. More » Amazon Adds Premium Anime Channel Anime fans can pay $4.99 per month for access to more than 1,000 TV shows and movies. More » Google Toontastic Offers Kids a 3D Playground It takes about a minute to create a cartoon scene. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Software store | AliExpress | MightyApe | The Grand Tour | Amazon Prime | Amazon Fire TV | Amazon (Kindle, books, electronics) Home Forums News Reviews Price comparison Email Blasts Slack Search Contact Welcome Guest. You haven't logged in yet. If you don't have an account you can register now. Intel to acquire 15 percent ownership of HERE Posted on 4-Jan-2017 09:37. | Filed under: News : Internet of Things. Intel has agreed to purchase a 15 percent ownership stake in HERE, a global provider of digital maps and location-based services, from HERE’s current indirect shareholders, which include AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG.   In conjunction with Intel’s acquisition of a stake in HERE, the two companies also signed an agreement to collaborate on the research and development of a highly scalable proof-of-concept architecture that supports real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly and fully automated driving. Additionally, the two companies plan to jointly explore strategic opportunities that result from enriching edge-computing devices with location data.   “Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world’s most intelligent, connected devices,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. “We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future.”   “A real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms,” said Edzard Overbeek, HERE CEO. “As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate HERE’s ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected.”   The proof-of-concept architecture HERE and Intel plan to deliver will be designed to help make autonomous driving as safe and predictable as possible. For example, today’s navigation technology can pinpoint a car’s location to within meters, but next generation, HD mapping supports localization to within centimeters. This will help vehicles precisely position themselves on the roadway to enable reliable autonomous driving functionality. HERE HD Live Map, HERE’s cloud service supporting vehicle automation, gives vehicles the ability to “see” obstacles beyond their immediate field of vision and receive real-time updates as environments change due to traffic, road conditions and other factors.   Intel will also work with AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG to test the architecture. Intel and HERE envision making the architecture broadly available across the automotive industry as a seamlessly integrated offering that simplifies and shortens time of development for automakers.       Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Software » Trending now » Hot discussions in our forums right now: The President Of The USA: Donald Trump Created by TimA, last reply by Fred99 on 16-Jan-2017 15:51 (1660 replies) ... 109 110 111 New Unlimited Fixed Broadband Created by LivingSkinny, last reply by deadlyllama on 16-Jan-2017 16:11 (21 replies) ... 2 How do people feel about lawyers? Created by Rikkitic, last reply by JimsonWeed on 16-Jan-2017 15:55 (39 replies) ... 2 3 Smart electricity meter installation Created by JayADee, last reply by gregmcc on 16-Jan-2017 15:40 (18 replies) ... 2 Sick of TM search engine, how can I use google to find an exact Tag, ie NZ New? Created by TeaLeaf, last reply by Jaxson on 13-Jan-2017 19:13 (16 replies) ... 2 Mountain Bike Recommendation Created by networkn, last reply by joker97 on 15-Jan-2017 22:14 (14 replies) Geekzone giveaway: MikroTik RB3011UiAS-RM router Created by freitasm, last reply by MadEngineer on 16-Jan-2017 12:42 (25 replies) ... 2 Terrible Internet Speeds during Peak Hours Created by Kandar90, last reply by hio77 on 12-Jan-2017 19:32 (38 replies) ... 2 3 RSS feeds Main feed Forums feed All RSS feeds Site features Geekzone Mobile Geekzone Badges Geekzone Slack channel Geekzone on Twitter Geekzone Dashboard Geekzone offers Amazon orders (Kindle, books, everything) MightyApe orders Geekzone software store Payoneer card Site Information Subscribe to Geekzone Privacy Statement Forum Usage Guidelines (FUG) Advertising on Geekzone Trademark and copyright ©2002-2017 Geekzone®
iDownloadBlog Home Jailbreak How to Jailbreak Jailbreak News Jailbreak Tweaks Cydia Unlock How to Unlock Unlock News iPhone iPhone News iPhone 6s iPhone 6 Plus iPhone 6 iPhone Photography iPad iPad News iPad Air iPad mini Watch Apple Watch Guide Mac Mac Mac Apps Mac Tips TV Apple TV guide Apps iOS Apps Mac Apps Widgets Best Apps App Finder Tips Tips How to Tutorial iPhone Photography Download Deals Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack The top stories of the week on iDB Daily Deals: Beats Solo3 headphones $220, Sony PS4 $220, and more Let’s Talk iOS 169: 10-year iPhone anniversary special   skip to main content skip to main menu     Intel announces Kaby Lake processors for Macs and more By Cody Lee, Jan 3, 2017 Tweet 4 Comments Intel on Tuesday officially announced its full 7th generation Intel Core processor line, known by many as Kaby Lake, at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. There are over 40 new performance-class processors in the family, which are based on Intel’s 14nm+ process technology, that offer more speed, productivity and security than previous generations. The Kaby Lake processors are up to 20% faster in performance and gaming notebooks, and 25% faster in desktops. They are also 65% faster at handling 4K and 360-degree video on notebooks, and 35% faster on desktops. As for the increased productivity, the chips are capable of 10+ hour battery life, and they feature two-factor authentication for added security. Among the chips announced today, several should be prime for upcoming Mac updates. Amidst growing concerns that Apple is losing interest in its laptop and desktop lines, recent reports have suggested we could see new iMacs and MacBooks as early as March. And Intel’s announcement today of Kaby Lake’s “near future” availability adds weight to the theory. Source: Intel Share: Tweet Follow: Follow @iDownloadBlog We Recommend Intel unveils new Kaby Lake chips, VR headset for merged reality, drone platform & more Intel shares details of next-gen Kaby Lake chips, Core i7 Extreme Edition and more Report offers insight into Apple’s internal Mac struggles Tim Cook: we have great desktops in our roadmap Related Topics CES 2017, Chip, Chips, Intel, Kaby Lake, Mac, News, Report The running vm Not worth the upgrade. Bugs Bunnay oh snap kaby lake finally coming. can’t wait to overclock those suckers and see what numbers I get. Alex Wilson Kaby Lake = Krabby Patty, horrible name. Snailpo I think of the same thing every time I see it   Search Connect with iDownloadBlog Facebook Become a fan RSS Get the latest news YouTube Watch Us Twitter Stay up to date Newsletter News delivered to you Google+ Add us to your circle   The most recent headlines Wallpapers of the week: geometry pack Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… The top stories of the week on iDB Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them   The latest jailbreak news Jailbreak tweaks of the week: OnceMore, Photicon, & more… Photicon replaces your Photos app icon with a preview of your most recent picture AdaptiveColorAlerts colorizes all your alert messages to match anything behind them Why to avoid third-party Cydia Substrate “patches” for the iOS 10 beta jailbreak OnceMore lets you repeat iPhone timers right from the Lock screen iDownloadBlog           iDownloadblog.com About About Advertise Contact Keep in Touch Twitter Facebook RSS Feed Newsletter Push Notifications Podcasts Let's Talk iOS Let's Talk Jailbreak Site Stuff Disclosure Privacy Policy   Copyright iDownloadBlog 2017. This website is not affiliated with Apple.
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Intel unveils its Optane hyperfast memory Intel unveils its Optane hyperfast memory Intel released few key details around its new non-volatile memory Lucas Mearian (Computerworld (US)) 04 January, 2017 06:56 - - - - print email Distributors BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Synnex Comments Intel today announced that its upcoming Optane non-volatile memory will ship in the second quarter of the year as 16GB and 32GB M.2 expansion cards. Optane memory will be available as an option for new Intel-based client platforms, including Intel 7th Gen Core (Kaby Lake), and as a standalone component. Platforms and motherboards supporting Intel Optane technology will be labeled "Optane Ready" to indicate their compatibility. Intel unveiled Intel Optane Memory along with sharing details about Intel 7th generation Core processors. Anand Lal Shimpi, Anandtech.com On the left is an mSATA solid-state drive and on the right is an M.2 SSD. Intel's new Optane memory will come as an M.2 expansion card that will plug directly into a computer's motherboard. Developed internally with partner Micron as 3D XPoint, which the companies claim is a "new class" of memory, Optane will act as a high-speed cache in conjunction with either a larger capacity hard drive or a SATA SSD. The low capacity of Intel's Optane modules will enable it to be affordable as well, the company said. "Improving speed while maintaining large storage capacities is ideal for virtual reality, gaming, content creation and video editing and so much more," Intel said in a statement. "The performance of a 7th Gen Intel Core processor plus the speed of Intel Optane memory boosts responsiveness across the system." Intel Other than detailing Optane module capacities and form factor, Intel released virtually no other details about the memory, including performance specifications, pricing or  exact availability dates. A spokesman for the company said additional detail, including performance specifications, would be released "soon." In June, Intel let slip its plans for releasing several product lines based on the new 3D XPoint memory, which it said it would release alongside its Kaby Lake processor platform. In August, Micron revealed its own separate go-to-market plans for 3D Xpoint memory, which it will sell under the name QuantX. Both Micron and Intel claim the new non-volatile memory sports up to 1,000 times the performance of NAND flash. The first generation of QuantX solid-state drives (SSDs) will be aimed squarely at data center applications when they ship in the second quarter, according to Jon Carter, Micron's vice president of storage solutions Intel Currently, Micron expects to see its first revenues from QuantX sales in the second half of 2017, with 2018 being a "bigger year," and 2019 being the "break-out" revenue year, Carter said. 3D Crosspoint will be about half the price of DRAM, but around four to five times more expensive than NAND flash, Carter said. So while it will replace DRAM for many applications, it's not likely to replace NAND flash -- at least for prosumer applications --- anytime soon. Carter said demand for QuantX memory is "through the roof" from system manufacturers and there's currently not enough stock to go around. "We've built the capacity for the first couple of years; it's all accounted for," Carter said in an earlier interview with Computerworld. "I've been in situations with partners who buy a lot of DRAM who've said, 'Do you know how much DRAM I buy? You'd better get me some 3D XPoint.' " HP Elite Slice More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Read next IT spend tightens regardless of increase in services Microsoft launches StaffHub to connect deskless workers Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Adata SSD, Memory & USB Storage Solutions. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers EMC VSPEX Private Cloud Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:53AM Security concerns remain as open source usage surges 11:31AM Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? 10:37AM Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe 09:00AM InfoTrust - Specialising in security More News Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Australia is not a screw-up nation 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials IBD/TIPP Poll Commentary Economic Optimism Index Columnists Election 2016 Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? Technology Intel Grabs Stake In Here, German-Led Self-Driving-Car Consortium The Mercedes-Benz booth at last year's International Consumer Electronics Show Asia attracted its share of attendees. (Zhou Junxiang/ Imaginechina/Newscom) REINHARDT KRAUSE 1/03/2017 Reprints LAS VEGAS -- Chipmaker Intel (INTC) will buy a 15% stake in Here, a developer of digital mapping technology for self-driving cars, deepening its ties to German automakers as well as to auto tech firm Mobileye (MBLY), as companies started making announcements at the start of the big CES show in Las Vegas Here's owners include BMW, Daimler (DDAIF) and Volkswagen's (VLKAY) Audi. Autonomous vehicles and next-generation auto technology again will take the spotlight at CES (also known as the Consumer Electronics Show) along with the Internet of Things — web-connected consumer and industrial devices. CES kicked off with media events Tuesday and more on Wednesday, before the regular event starts Thursday. Nvidia (NVDA) CEO Jen-Hsun Huang is slated to give a keynote speech Wednesday evening on artificial intelligence and autonomous driving, as the auto industry becomes a bigger market for Nvidia and other chipmakers. IBD'S TAKE: Netflix and Broadcom — and nontechs such as Nucor, Burlington Stores and Martin Marietta — are among the stocks on IBD's Leaderboard. Leaderboard follows top stocks from their work on forming bases, through their breakouts and post-breakout action, up to the point where they start topping.  Alphabet (GOOGL)-owned Google and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCAU), which have teamed on autonomous-driving technology, on Tuesday said they would expand their relationship to create an in-car infotainment system using Google's software. Concept Car Designed By Millennials In a pre-CES press conference Tuesday, Fiat Chrysler unveiled a concept car called Portal that it said was "designed by millennials for millennials." The battery electric vehicle is described as connected and upgradable. It features touchscreen and voice controls and links to users smartphones and tablets. Fiat Chrysler user experience designer Emilio Feliciano said Portal is a "next-generation vehicle that serves as a hub for your life." FCA did not provide any details on whether the concept car would be produced or if technologies in it would be incorporated in other FCA vehicles. Portal is upgradable to autonomous driving when the technology becomes available, company engineer Ashley Edgar said. The steering wheel tucks away in self-driving mode, she said. The Portal concept car features customizable colored exterior lighting, sliding front and rear doors, and a transparent roof. The electric car has a range of 250 miles and can charge up for 150 miles in less than 20 minutes, Edgar said. Cars Becoming 'Most Intelligent Devices,' Says Intel Faraday Future, a startup backed by China's LeEco, also is expected to showcase its next-generation car technology at CES. Intel, meanwhile, did not disclose the size of its investment. Intel and Here said they also will partner in location-based services. "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in the company's announcement Tuesday. In July, Mobileye announced an agreement with Intel and BMW to develop autonomous-driving technology for commercial launch in 2021. Here competes with Tesla (TSLA) and Google in developing technology to capture video and sensor data needed to navigate self-driving cars. Apple (AAPL) lags in mapping data, which has hampered its push into autonomous vehicles, analysts say. The German automakers acquired Here's forerunner from Nokia (NOK) for $3.1 billion. Intel stock rose 0.91% to 36.60 in the stock market today, while Fiat Chrysler's U.S. shares jumped 4.7% to 9.55, a 14-month high. Alphabet stock rose 2% to 808.01. Here had been expanding its ownership structure prior to Intel's announcement. Here last week said that China internet giant Tencent Holdings (TCEHY) — along with Chinese mapping company NavIno and Singapore-based investment firm GIC — would jointly acquire a 10% stake in the consortium. Japan's Toyota (TM) is a Here map user, though not a partner. Here and Mobileye, a leader in advanced driver-assistance systems, last week said they would collaborate on digital mapping using the Israeli company's REM technology. Mobileye's REM software collects street and highway data for updating digital maps. Mobileye's chip and software technology provides image processing and analysis for self-driving cars equipped with camera-based systems. Mobileye parted ways with Tesla in mid-2016. Tesla announced an upgrade to its autopilot system that includes more reliance on radar sensors rather than camera-based technology. Reporter Patrick Seitz contributed to this report from CES in Las Vegas. Loading the player... RELATED: Mobileye Clinches Deal With German Automakers For Digital Mapping Mobileye To Race Tesla, Google, Nvidia In Car Mapping Data Nvidia, Intel Battleground Set As Licensing Pact Sunsets   REINHARDT KRAUSE | Facebook | @IBD_RKrause Share this: Related news Morgan Stanley is among the top-rated companies that are expected to see earnings growth of 50% or more in Q4. (Ken Wolter/Shutterstock.com) Q4 Earnings Preview: Stocks Expecting 50% Or Higher Growth 2:10 PM ET See which stocks join Nvidia and Morgan Stanley on this list of companies expected to post stellar earnings growth for... 2:10 PM ET See which stocks join Nvidia and Morgan Stanley on this... Apple, Google, Netflix Are In Buy Range; Amazon, Facebook Near Breakouts You Have 2 Days Left To Buy A Tesla With Free, Unlimited Supercharger Use Which Sectors Have Gotten The Trump Bump Or Dump So Far This Year? Apple Is Moving Into A Spaceship HQ, But Needs Hit Products To Blast Off Mobileye Laps Competition In Driverless Car Field, Gets Buy Rating Netflix Retakes Buy Point; Analysts Like Comcast, Delta, Mobileye Obama's EPA Cuts Off Trump, Locks In Auto Mileage Standards Early Stocks Mixed As Dow Gives Up Gains; Why Is Apple's Breakout Stalling? Today's Spotlight A Look Ahead to 2017 with IBD Before we look at what's ahead in 2017, here are some of IBD's key events and enhancements in 2016. Join IBD at The Orlando MoneyShow Learn about trading fundamentals, top-performing growth stocks and more! Try SwingTrader Free – New App! Download our new App! Get instant push notifications on buy points, sell signals, and more! More News Netflix Leads 5 Hot Techs To Watch As Nasdaq Closes At New High Annuities should be viewed as contracts guaranteeing a sum of money paid each year, rather than as investments. (Alexander Supertramp/Shutterstock.com) Annuities: Love Them Or Hate Them, At Least They're Not Risky Trade stocks, options, futures, forex, bonds, ETFs and CFDs from a single account Promoted Content By INTERACTIVE BROKERS Special Report IPO Stock News And Analysis: Find Today's Top New Issues Get the latest news on recent and upcoming IPOs, filings for new issues, and today’s top-performing IPO stocks. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN 12 things you'll get in PCs with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips 12 things you'll get in PCs with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips Amazingly thin PCs with Kaby Lake will get 4K video, VR capabilities and longer battery life Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 January, 2017 04:00 - - - - print email Comments Amazingly thin Windows 10 laptops and tablets will soon become available with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips, which were announced at CES. These chips, called 7th Generation Core, will extend laptop battery life to new highs, and bring new capabilities like 4K video. You'll also enjoy VR by connecting headsets to Kaby Lake laptops or tablets. There's a lot more to Kaby Lake, and here's what you can expect from PCs: Thinner and lighter laptops Laptops and tablets with Kaby Lake are so thin and light that their weight in a backpack is not noticeable, unless it's a fully loaded gaming PC. Samsung's new 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs an amazing 816 grams, but offers only seven hours of battery life. Low-power Kaby Lake chips will also be in laptops and 2-in-1 devices from Lenovo, HP, Acer and Dell that weigh 1 to 1.5 kilograms. Better battery life Intel says users can expect 10 hours of battery on thin-and-light laptops and tablets, but PC makers are claiming even longer battery life. Lenovo is claiming its new ThinkPad X1 Carbon will have 15 hours of battery, while the ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 will offer 16 hours. Dell is claiming battery life up to 15 hours for its new XPS 13 2-in-1, and 10 hours when streaming Netflix video. Those numbers are based on MobileMark benchmarks, but battery life typically varies in real world usage. The disappearing display borders Windows devices are also getting smaller because of thinner borders around displays. The best example is the Dell XPS 13, which is a 13.3-inch laptop compressed in the frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. It has a borderless display, with the screen dominating the entire display panel. The trend is growing with the new PCs, with a notable example being the ThinkPad X1 Carbon, which is a 14-inch laptop in a 13.3-inch laptop frame. Watch 4K video Graphics processors in Kaby Lake chips are capable of processing 4K video, so you will be able to watch movies on a laptop with a screen or external display at that resolution. Intel is also partnering with video streaming companies to push 4K movies to Kaby Lake PCs. 4K movies from Netflix are already available, and Intel said 4K movies from FandangoNow and Sony's Ultra 4K movies will come later this year. Users will need a Microsoft Edge browser to view the 4K movies. Use VR headsets You'll be able to hook up VR headsets to view movies, play games and roam virtual worlds. Many headsets -- which will need to be hooked up to Kaby Lake PCs -- will come later this year from Dell, Acer, HP, Asus and Lenovo, with prices starting at US$299. Kaby Lake is Intel's entry into the emerging world of VR, which is providing a new way to interact with computers. The chip's integrated GPU is able to handle basic VR, but won't be enough for  high-end headsets like Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, which need discrete GPUs from Nvidia or AMD. More secure biometric logins Microsoft wants to kill passwords with Windows Hello, which can log users into PCs via facial recognition, fingerprints or retina scans. Intel's providing an alternative to Windows Hello called Authenticate, which requires multiple authentication techniques to log in to PCs. For example, users may be required to log in twice -- once during the pre-boot sequence and then again in to Windows once the boot is complete. Authenticate is available only in business PCs with Kaby Lake vPro chips. Intel claims Authenticate is more secure than Windows Hello, as user data is secured and stored in a special CSME (converged security manageability engine) chip, which has its own operating system and firmware. Microsoft and Intel are co-developing a version of Authenticate and Windows Hello with multi-factor authentication to log into a PC and Windows. Faster storage with Optane PC designs could change forever with the superfast Optane, a new class of storage and memory that could replace conventional SSDs and DRAM. Intel claims Optane-based SSDs are 10 times faster than today's SSDs, and denser than DRAM. But here's the bad news: the first Optane units will be lower-capacity caching storage, not full-fledged SSDs with large storage capacity. The initial Optane units will help load the OS, applications and games faster, and will work with only with Kaby Lake PCs. It could be ideal for gamers looking to buffer games, or those running engineering applications or creating virtual reality content. Run applications faster The new Kaby Lake chips have faster CPUs and GPUs so applications and graphics can run faster. PCs are also faster as Windows 10 has also been tweaked to work closely with the chip. PC makers are seeing CPU performance improvements between 5 and 15 percent with Kaby Lake chips compared to the predecessor Skylake chips. More modems and connectivity for laptops Modems have been in laptops for years more as an afterthought, but not anymore. Lenovo is offering modems as a standard feature in its ThinkPad X1 laptops and 2-in-1s so users can connect to cellular networks if Wi-Fi isn't available. Like with smartphones, cellular modems will drive communications in laptops, especially with 4G network speeds going up and 5G networks around the corner. Overclock Gamers craving more performance will be able to overclock the Core i7-7820HK Kaby Lake chip, which has a base speed of 2.9GHz but can be cranked up to 4.4GHz. Look for the chip in Dell's Alienware 15 and 17 laptops, which are being launched at CES. Cut cables There's a renewed effort to cut cables from PCs with wireless charging and data transfer technologies. Wireless charging laptops are being shown at CES, and Intel's increasing its focus on bringing WiGig wireless technology to PCs. WiGig can wirelessly connect laptops to peripherals like storage devices and monitors, providing a way to get rid of connectors and display ports from PCs. The wireless technologies are still years away from widespread adoption, but gaining steam again after a few years of inactivity. Many more ways to interact Be it through pen, voice, touch or typing, PCs with Kaby Lake chips will provide a more natural way for users to interact with PCs. Intel and Microsoft are developing technology so users can shout out commands to the Cortana voice-activated assistant from longer distances. Additionally, Microsoft is making it easier to take notes on Windows PCs with styluses. Key Takeaways from Ingram Micro New Zealand’s 2016 Showcase More from Ingram Micro New Zealand Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Read next Chatbots, collective intelligence, and blockchain to change how business is run in ... After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise honoured its top performing Kiwi partners at the second running of its HPE Partner Awards in New Zealand, held at a glitzy ceremony in Auckland. Recognising excellence across eight categories - from distributors to resellers - the tech giant celebrated its first year as a standalone company, following its official split from HP in 2015. ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Related Whitepapers Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost How to Sell Disaster Recovery How to Plan For Disaster Recovery Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 08:00AM ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Jan 14 Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Jan 14 Is this the year IoT standards will finally make sense? Jan 14 After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters More News ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 ​How Datacom built one of the world’s best intranet sites View all events Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
TechRadar The source for Tech Buying Advice Search RSS Reviews How To Phones TVs Laptops Deals Photography More Car Tech Wearables Tablets Components Audiovisual Gaming Computing Downloads News Pro Trending Buying Guides Nintendo Switch iPhone 8 Samsung Galaxy S8 MacBook Pro MWC 2017 iOS 10.2 Reviews Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 review Hands on: Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 review Not yet rated By Joe Osborne Laptops and netbooks  Spicing up a leading laptop all over again Shares What is a hands on review? Jump to Section: Best Price Comments Our Early Verdict Dell seems to have done it again, turning its winning XPS 13 laptop into a potential leader in the 2-in-1 laptop category with some new features and some holdouts from models past. For Beautiful IGZO screen Thinner than ever Thunderbolt 3 included Windows Hello ready Against Webcam position still poor Down to microSD slot For the past few years at CES, we’ve looked to Dell and its ever-evolving XPS 13 as one of the darlings of the show. This year, with Dell’s new XPS 13 2-in-1, the computer maker does not disappoint. That’s right, Dell has finally created a hybrid version of its leading laptop, and it’s as versatile and beautiful as you’d expect. Coming in the same 11-inch frame providing a 13-inch (diagonal) touchscreen, the XPS 13 2-in-1 brings a new wrinkle to the XPS line without disrupting it. In other words, Dell will still keep making the traditional version, so don’t worry, purists. Price and availability Dell is starting the XPS 13 2-in-1 at $999 (about £810, AU$1,390). That model will come packing an FHD (1,920 x 1,080) touchscreen with a 7th generation (Kaby Lake) Intel Core i5 processor with Intel HD Graphics 615, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of solid-state storage. From there, you can expect the usual upgrades you’ve seen from the XPS 13 the past few years: an Intel Core i7 processor (still Kaby Lake), a QHD+ (3,200 x 1,800) touchscreen, up to 16GB of memory and as large as a 1TB SSD. However, pricing for those models hasn’t been made clear yet. Of course, everything will be crystal when the laptop is generally available starting January 5. Design Dell’s sense for design has skyrocketed over the past few years, and the XPS 13 2-in-1 is no exception. Keeping the same general ID of the existing XPS devices, this model adds two sturdy hinges made of steel and cased in machined aluminum. The anodized aluminum lid and carbon fiber palm rest make a welcome return, all within the same 11-inch frame as the preceding model. In short, this is the XPS 13 you already know, but with some subtle yet impactful changes. Altogether, the device weighs just 2.7 pounds (1.24kg) and measures 0.32 inches (8mm) at its thinnest point and 0.54 inches (13.7mm) at its thickest. All told, that’s a shaving to the tune of 2mm, which is impressive considering the laptop’s 2-in-1 trappings. The device is easily held in one hand, and the light weight makes adjusting between its hybrid modes that much easier. The palm rest feels as comfy and responsive as ever, as do the glass-covered trackpad and backlit keyboard (with a satisfying 1.3mm of key travel) – all holdouts from the previous models. However, a holdout from the previous design that we wish, well, wouldn’t hold out is the webcam still positioned near the hinge. While Dell wizened up and centered the infrared-equipped webcam (hello, Windows Hello), it’s still going to show off our lovely double chin during meetings. At the very least, you can orient the device in a tent position so that the webcam faces upright. The last major feature about the XPS 13 to make it into the 2-in-1 iteration is that beautiful, nearly bezel-free InfinityEdge screen. The returning IGZO panel is notched at either 1080p or QHD+ resolutions, but either way, brings plenty of brightness (400 nits), contrast (1,000:1 ratio) and viewing angles (up to 170 degrees). Specs and performance In addition to what you can change about the XPS 13 2-in-1 you might buy before checkout, Dell has loaded this machine with plenty of other goodies. In wired connectivity, you have two USB-C ports (one being Thunderbolt 3, but both can charge), a now-smaller microSD card reader and a 3.5mm headphone jack. On the wireless front, the XPS 13 2-in-1 comes with the expected 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.2 with Miracast and Intel Smart Connect supported. Now, all of this is powered by what Dell is calling upfront a “lower-power” processor, though both Core i5 and i7 options can reach 3.2GHz and 3.6GHz clock speeds, respectively. That said, Dell has devised a dynamic power management system focused on temperature that should work extra well with a laptop cooler when you need that extra oomph. That power management should also help keep the 46 Whr battery included powering the whole system for a bit longer. Dell promises up to 15 hours of juice from the FHD version, while the QHD+ flavor will enjoy a still-lengthy 8 hours and 35 minutes – based on its own tests. Of course, we’ll see that for ourselves soon enough. Early verdict Dell has once again crafted one of the most impressive laptops of CES, if not the entire year. With the public perception of 2-in-1 laptops far better than it was even a year ago, Dell picked a good time to bring those features to its leading laptop. The XPS 13 2-in-1 sacrifices almost nothing in achieving its new design, save for a now-smaller microSD card reader and standard barrel connector for power. That said, despite its massive improvements and centering (at last), we’re still not exactly excited about the webcam beneath the screen. We were thoroughly impressed by the now-hybrid XPS 13 during our short time with it at CES 2017. Dell’s managed to bring a new wrinkle of function and form to its most pleasing product for not much more cash to start than the traditional version. Stay tuned for our full review. ABOUT THE AUTHOR Joe Osborne Joe has worked in games and technology media for nearly a decade for several publications. His writing has been featured in PC Magazine, AOL's Games.com, Laptop Magazine and Tom's Guide among others. Currently, Joe serves as TechRadar's Senior Editor, leading computing coverage specifically. Yes, that means he uses both macOS and Windows – every day. What is a hands on review? 'Hands on reviews' are a journalist's first impressions of a piece of kit based on spending some time with it. It may be just a few moments, or a few hours. The important thing is we have been able to play with it ourselves and can give you some sense of what it's like to use, even if it's only an embryonic view. For more information, see TechRadar's Reviews Guarantee. Load Comments Tech deals, prizes and latest news Get the best tech deals, reviews, product advice, competitions, unmissable tech news and more! No spam, we promise. You can unsubscribe at any time and we'll never share your details without your permission. Most Popular Most Shared 1 Virgin Media Super Hub 3 review 2 Nintendo Switch review 3 The 15 best laptops of 2017: the top laptops ranked 4 Samsung Galaxy S8: release date and everything you should know 5 iPhone 8 release date, news and rumors 1 Are these videos a sneak preview of the Samsung Galaxy S8? 2 All the Nintendo Switch games coming at launch and beyond 3 MacBook Pro earns Consumer Reports recommendation after battery bug fix 4 Your Apple Watch becomes a mini Macintosh with this charging stand 5 8K TV: Everything you need to know about the futuristic resolution TechRadar is part of Future plc, an international media group and leading digital publisher. Visit our corporate site. Terms and conditions Privacy policy Cookies policy Advertise with us © Future Publishing Limited Quay House, The Ambury, Bath BA1 1UA. All rights reserved. England and Wales company registration number 2008885.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intel acquires 15 percent ownership stake in mapping firm HERE Intel will work with HERE and its consortium of automaker owners to design, test and deliver proof-of-concept architecture supporting real-time, high-definition map updates. By Natalie Gagliordi for Between the Lines | January 3, 2017 -- 19:46 GMT (11:46 PST) | Topic: Hardware Intel is acquiring a 15 percent ownership stake in mapping and location service provider HERE. The news comes roughly a week after Chinese technology giant Tencent, Beijing-based mapping company NavInfo, and Singapore state-owned investment firm GIC announced plans to jointly take up a 10 percent ownership share of the mapping company along with current owners Audi, BMW, and Daimler. What's Hot on ZDNet Microsoft rolls out second Windows 10 Creators Update test build in a week House bill aims to block tech giants from building "Muslim registry" With the rise of global instability, can ceramic storage save our digital culture? CES 2017 recap video: Big trends, top products, and wackiest tech As part of the investment, Intel will work with HERE and its consortium of automaker owners to design, test and deliver proof-of-concept architecture supporting real-time, high-definition map updates. The architecture will aim to improve the precision and accuracy of mapping technology used in autonomous driving systems. For instance, current navigation technology can pinpoint a car's location to an accuracy within meters, but HD mapping can tighten accuracy down to a matter of centimeters. Ultimately this level of precision will help self-driving vehicles better position themselves on the roadway, which increases safety, reliability and driving functionality. HERE currently offers this kind of mapping technology as a cloud service, called HD Live Map, so Intel's contribution will likely fall on the hardware side. Eventually, Intel and HERE plan to offer the architecture to other automakers as fuel for the continued growth of cloud computing and the Internet of Things. "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, in a statement. "We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future." "A real-time, self-healing and high definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms," added HERE chief executive Edzard Overbeek. "As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate HERE's ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected." Intel did not disclose a purchase price for the stake in HERE but said the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware 2017: The best laptops for education Mobility Barnes & Noble pulls Nook Tablet 7-inch from sale due to faulty charger Smartphones It's time to stop dreaming: iOS and Android have won the mobile war iPhone 'Transparent' iPhone, patents, and fake news × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Transportation Intel Self-driving Cars Intel is buying into maps because it can’t afford to miss out on self-driving cars The chipmaker is acquiring 15 percent of Here Maps, the former Nokia mapping unit. by Ina Fried@inafried Jan 3, 2017, 1:10pm EST tweet share Linkedin Intel Intel wants to be a part of the car of the future and it isn’t afraid to drop a big chunk of change to do so. The company said Tuesday it is buying 15 percent of Here Maps, the former Nokia mapping unit owned by a consortium of German carmakers. No one is talking price, but the carmakers bought the unit from Nokia last year for $2.8 billion, so it’s reasonable to think Intel paid several hundred million dollars. The carmakers had said last year they were looking to bring in additional investors, including US tech companies. High-definition maps are a key component to self-driving cars, providing the in-car computers with not just addresses and places, but information on lane markers, intersections and a blueprint for exactly where the car is on the road at any given time. The move is part of Intel’s broader strategy, which can be summed up as, “We missed out on mobile, let’s not miss out on what’s next.” To that end, Intel has been investing heavily in things like computer vision, sports technology and virtual reality. Intel has already made moves into cars, including a deal last year with BMW and MobileEye. Subscribe to Recode Newsletters Recode Daily (Top News) Events Products Go recode_divider More From Recode SpaceX nailed its first launch since last year’s big explosion Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. Flashback: New Snap chair Michael Lynton on Evan Spiegel and his ambitions Robots want half of your jobs Carnegie Mellon-led non profit received $250 million to create a new robotics institute Trending Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. These paper-airplane drones may one day save your life More Trending This Article has a component height of 7. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest SpaceX Transportation Elon Musk SpaceX nailed its first launch since last year’s big explosion by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah Elon Musk’s rocket company launched ten of Iridium’s satellites on Saturday morning. Tesla Transportation Note to Tesla owners: Don’t forget your car keys by Johana Bhuiyan@JMBooyah A Tesla owner found the limits of smartphone keyless entry the annoying way. Balaji Srinivasan, who may run the FDA for Trump, hates the FDA. But Silicon Valley likes Srinivasan. by Peter Kafka Just ask Twitter. Snapchat Social Flashback: New Snap chair Michael Lynton on Evan Spiegel and his ambitions by Peter Kafka From February 2016: “I just don’t think people recognize how difficult it is to pull off what they’ve pulled off. “ Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks to Watch in January Investors will be picking apart earnings reports from Netflix, Intel, and Under Armour this month. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Jan 3, 2017 at 2:03PM Image source: Getty Images. With the holiday season in the rearview mirror, it's time for investors to turn their attention back to the stock market. The first earnings season of the new year is coming up, and plenty of major companies will be reporting results in January. Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) will need to prove to investors that it can keep growing its subscriber base while improving the bottom line. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will need to show that it can grow despite a weak PC market and competition from all directions. And Under Armour (NYSE:UA) (NYSE:UAA) will need to justify an increased pace of investments. Netflix After reporting disappointing second-quarter results, which featured the subscriber base growing far slower than anticipated, Netflix turned up the heat during the third quarter. The company added 3.57 million subscribers globally, more than doubling its second-quarter total, leading to its first quarter with revenue over $2 billion. Another 5.2 million subscribers are expected to join during the fourth quarter, which will push the total global member base to nearly 92 million. Stranger Things was a surprise hit for Netflix in 2016. Image source: Netflix. Profits have taken a back seat as Netflix has spent heavily on international expansion and new content. The company plans to release more than 1,000 hours of original programming in 2017, up from 600 hours last year. All told, content spending will reach $6 billion this year, with Netflix aiming to both retain its existing members and lure new customers will a broad array of exclusive programming. The international business remains unprofitable, and Netflix's ability to return to pre-expansion levels of profitability while simultaneously spending so much on content is still a big unknown. One major problem: Competition from Amazon is heating up, with Prime Video expected to be expanded into more than 200 countries. Netflix will need to impress investors with its results and outlook when it reports its fourth-quarter results on Jan. 18. Otherwise, the stock could dive much like it did after the company shocked investors with weak numbers earlier this year. Intel Despite a weak market for PCs, Intel has managed to grow its revenue through the first nine months of 2016. The client computing segment, which contains chips that go into PCs, tablets, and phones, suffered an 11% decline in unit volume, but a 12% increase in average selling price drove total revenue slightly higher. The data center segment grew faster, producing 7.7% growth and driving the bulk of Intel's revenue increase. Image source: Intel. Intel will report its fourth-quarter results after the market close on Jan. 26. More important than Intel's results, though, will be the company's outlook. 2017 will bring new challenges, including a brand new line of CPUs from Advanced Micro Devices that will aim to challenge Intel in the PC and server markets. IBM's OpenPOWER initiative remains a threat to Intel's dominance in the data center, and Qualcomm's recently announced Centriq line of ARM server chips could finally bring ARM into the data center in a significant way. The data center segment is already not growing as fast as it once did, and any success by AMD, IBM, or Qualcomm this year could slow things down even more. It doesn't look like Intel's fourth-quarter results will bring any major surprises, but expect the company to field some questions about these threats during its earnings conference call later this month. Under Armour Shares of apparel and footwear company Under Armour took a dive in late October after it slashed its outlook for earnings. After previously setting a goal of producing $800 million of operating income by 2018, Under Armour now expects its margins to weaken as it pushes deeper into international markets and footwear. CEO Kevin Plank framed this guidance cut as a positive for long-term investors: "The growth is still there, and it requires significant investment. It is time for us to invest." Image source: Under Armour. With Under Armour stock trading at 55 times trailing-12-month earnings, revenue growth is the name of the game. The lofty valuation can't be justified with today's profits. Instead, investors are betting that Under Armour will continue to grow sales at a double-digit pace, eventually growing into a much larger company on par with Nike. Sacrificing profits in order to keep revenue growing as fast as possible makes sense given the opportunity. All eyes will be on Under Armour's revenue growth when the company reports its fourth-quarter results. The company has yet to confirm the exact date, but late January is likely given the timing of last year's report. Investors will ultimately accept the lower earnings guidance if the company can deliver faster growth. If it fails, expect the stock to be in for a rough ride in 2017. Timothy Green owns shares of IBM. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Netflix, Nike, Qualcomm, Under Armour (A Shares), and Under Armour (C Shares). The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Jan 3, 2017 at 2:03PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.79 up $0.08 (0.22%) Netflix NASDAQ:NFLX $133.70 up $4.52 (3.50%) Under Armour (A Shares) NYSE:UAA $30.08 down $0.30 (-0.99%) Under Armour (C Shares) NYSE:UA $26.50 down $0.34 (-1.27%) Read More Intel Corporation's Best Moves in 2016 Instant Analysis: Mobileye, Intel, and BMW to Deploy Autonomous Vehicles by H2 2017 Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Intel's New Sales Strategy for the Internet of Things Why Intel Corporation Added This Feature to Cheap Desktop Chips Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool 3 Stocks to Watch in January #stocks $INTC, $NFLX, $UAA, $UA
Trending: Fix Windows 10 with free Microsoft tools Hands on: Apple's AirPods are 'magical' Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. The CSO guide to top security conferences It's time to start planning for SQL Server on Linux Review: DigitalOcean keeps the cloud simple IT teams put conversations to work with ChatOps More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Computer Hardware Windows PCs News 12 things Kaby Lake-based PCs will offer Amazingly thin PCs with the Intel chip will get 4K video, VR capabilities and longer battery life By Agam Shah | Follow U.S. Correspondent, IDG News Service | Jan 3, 2017 9:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Intel More like this The top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch in 2017 Intel's Optane: What users can expect in PCs and when it will ship Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips Video Windows 10 Quick Tips: Getting the most from Cortana Amazingly thin Windows 10 laptops and tablets will soon become available with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips, which were announced at CES. These chips, called 7th Generation Core, will extend laptop battery life to new highs, and bring new capabilities like 4K video. You'll also enjoy VR by connecting headsets to Kaby Lake laptops or tablets. There's a lot more to Kaby Lake, and here's what you can expect from PCs: Thinner and lighter laptops Laptops and tablets with Kaby Lake are so thin and light that their weight in a backpack is not noticeable, unless it's a fully loaded gaming PC. Samsung's new 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs an amazing 816 grams, but offers only seven hours of battery life. Low-power Kaby Lake chips will also be in laptops and 2-in-1 devices from Lenovo, HP, Acer and Dell that weigh 1 to 1.5 kilograms. Better battery life Intel says users can expect 10 hours of battery on thin-and-light laptops and tablets, but PC makers are claiming even longer battery life. Lenovo is claiming its new ThinkPad X1 Carbon will have 15 hours of battery, while the ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 will offer 16 hours. Dell is claiming battery life up to 15 hours for its new XPS 13 2-in-1, and 10 hours when streaming Netflix video. Those numbers are based on MobileMark benchmarks, but battery life typically varies in real world usage. The disappearing display borders Windows devices are also getting smaller because of thinner borders around displays. The best example is the Dell XPS 13, which is a 13.3-inch laptop compressed in the frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. It has a borderless display, with the screen dominating the entire display panel. The trend is growing with the new PCs, with a notable example being the ThinkPad X1 Carbon, which is a 14-inch laptop in a 13.3-inch laptop frame. Watch 4K video Graphics processors in Kaby Lake chips are capable of processing 4K video, so you will be able to watch movies on a laptop with a screen or external display at that resolution. Intel is also partnering with video streaming companies to push 4K movies to Kaby Lake PCs. 4K movies from Netflix are already available, and Intel said 4K movies from FandangoNow and Sony's Ultra 4K movies will come later this year. Users will need a Microsoft Edge browser to view the 4K movies. Use VR headsets You'll be able to hook up VR headsets to view movies, play games and roam virtual worlds. Many headsets -- which will need to be hooked up to Kaby Lake PCs -- will come later this year from Dell, Acer, HP, Asus and Lenovo, with prices starting at US$299. Kaby Lake is Intel's entry into the emerging world of VR, which is providing a new way to interact with computers. The chip's integrated GPU is able to handle basic VR, but won't be enough for  high-end headsets like Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, which need discrete GPUs from Nvidia or AMD. More secure biometric logins Microsoft wants to kill passwords with Windows Hello, which can log users into PCs via facial recognition, fingerprints or retina scans. Intel's providing an alternative to Windows Hello called Authenticate, which requires multiple authentication techniques to log in to PCs. For example, users may be required to log in twice -- once during the pre-boot sequence and then again in to Windows once the boot is complete. Authenticate is available only in business PCs with Kaby Lake vPro chips. Intel claims Authenticate is more secure than Windows Hello, as user data is secured and stored in a special CSME (converged security manageability engine) chip, which has its own operating system and firmware. Microsoft and Intel are co-developing a version of Authenticate and Windows Hello with multi-factor authentication to log into a PC and Windows. Faster storage with Optane PC designs could change forever with the superfast Optane, a new class of storage and memory that could replace conventional SSDs and DRAM. Intel claims Optane-based SSDs are 10 times faster than today's SSDs, and denser than DRAM. But here's the bad news: the first Optane units will be lower-capacity caching storage, not full-fledged SSDs with large storage capacity. The initial Optane units will help load the OS, applications and games faster, and will work with only with Kaby Lake PCs. It could be ideal for gamers looking to buffer games, or those running engineering applications or creating virtual reality content. Run applications faster The new Kaby Lake chips have faster CPUs and GPUs so applications and graphics can run faster. PCs are also faster as Windows 10 has also been tweaked to work closely with the chip. PC makers are seeing CPU performance improvements between 5 and 15 percent with Kaby Lake chips compared to the predecessor Skylake chips. More modems and connectivity for laptops Modems have been in laptops for years more as an afterthought, but not anymore. Lenovo is offering modems as a standard feature in its ThinkPad X1 laptops and 2-in-1s so users can connect to cellular networks if Wi-Fi isn't available. Like with smartphones, cellular modems will drive communications in laptops, especially with 4G network speeds going up and 5G networks around the corner. Overclock Gamers craving more performance will be able to overclock the Core i7-7820HK Kaby Lake chip, which has a base speed of 2.9GHz but can be cranked up to 4.4GHz. Look for the chip in Dell's Alienware 15 and 17 laptops, which are being launched at CES. Cut cables There's a renewed effort to cut cables from PCs with wireless charging and data transfer technologies. Wireless charging laptops are being shown at CES, and Intel's increasing its focus on bringing WiGig wireless technology to PCs. WiGig can wirelessly connect laptops to peripherals like storage devices and monitors, providing a way to get rid of connectors and display ports from PCs. The wireless technologies are still years away from widespread adoption, but gaining steam again after a few years of inactivity. Many more ways to interact Be it through pen, voice, touch or typing, PCs with Kaby Lake chips will provide a more natural way for users to interact with PCs. Intel and Microsoft are developing technology so users can shout out commands to the Cortana voice-activated assistant from longer distances. Additionally, Microsoft is making it easier to take notes on Windows PCs with styluses. To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Windows PCs Computer Processors Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Cortana, Windows 10’s built-in virtual assistant, is both really cool and really creepy. Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Why you should start using Google Keep right away Services like Keep, Evernote and Microsoft OneNote are often called "note-taking apps." But they've... Say goodbye to the MS-DOS command prompt It had a good 36-year run, but its day is done. Popular Resources White Paper Seven Myths of Cloud-Managed Wi-Fi Video/Webcast Sponsored The Rise of Malware-Less Attacks: How Can Endpoint Security Keep Up? White Paper When Concrete and Steel Meet Sensors and Signals: How a Mobile Workforce Can Make it All Work White Paper 2016 Predictions For Cloud & What I&O Pros Should Do About Them Video/Webcast Sponsored Achieving Digital Transformation through Cloud-Based Data and Analytics Services Go Top Stories Here's how much Tesla will require EV owners to pay to charge up Tesla has announced the prices vehicle owners will have to pay to use its Supercharger stations. A trip... Fix Windows 10 problems with these free Microsoft tools A handful of free tools can be used to repair most problems on Windows 10 PCs -- and they’re all... Best tips & takeaways from RStudio Conference I'll be sharing the most interesting things I hear, see and learn at this week's big R event. NRAM set to spark a 'holy war' among memory technologies Nano-RAM, which is based on carbon nanotubes, is expected to challenge traditional memory and flash for... Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Opinion: Does Apple need to make an Amazon Echo/Google Home speaker, or just make Siri better? Trending in Apple 10 years on, how the iPhone changed our lives, reactions from the 9to5Mac team Trending in Apple Apple’s AirPods and the best cord-free competition compared Trending in Apple 2017 & Beyond: What’s next for Mac, and what of its longer-term future? Trending in Apple Comment: OWC’s ‘DEC’ attachment highlights the portability progress Apple has made with the MacBook Pro Trending in Apple Opinion: Why the LG 5K UltraFine isn’t the MacBook Pro display I’m looking for January 3 AAPL: 116.15 0.33 Intel announces new 7th Gen Kaby Lake processors destined for future Macs Jordan Kahn - Jan. 3rd 2017 11:07 am PT @JordanKahn CES 2017 Apple View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Intel today announced new 7th Gen Kaby Lake processors as part of its CES announcements, some of which could be suitable for use in future upgrades to Mac products. After launching the first of the Kaby Lake chips officially in August, and having a long list of products introduced with the chips since, today the company introduced new processors to round out the lineup that could make their way into both future Mac desktops and MacBooks. Intel says the new chips deliver performance increases including “up to 20 percent for performance and gaming notebooks and 25 percent for desktops.” Among the new processors are 7th Gen Intel Core chips from 4.5W-91W, 7th Gen processors with Intel Iris Plus graphics, processors with Intel vPro technology, and Intel Xeon processors for mobile workstations. The lineup includes new low-powered U-Series chips that would be suitable for future MacBook products as are new H-Series chips built for high-performance laptops. Also included are new Y-Series chips made for detachables and S-Series chips for desktop systems that could be used in future iMac or other Mac desktop upgrades. All of the chips, like previous Kaby Lake releases, support Thunderbolt 3, and the Y-Series and U-Series chips notably put a focus on increased performance and battery life: With the Y-series processor family, 2 in 1s are reimagined, enabling thin and fanless designs for ultra-mobility. On U-series processors, enhanced productivity and creativity are possible in increasingly slim form factors without sacrificing battery life – in fact, new 7th Gen Intel Core U-series processors now provide up to 10 hours of battery life for the whole workday. Modern Standby ensures laptops resume with data ready in a flash. On that note, we pointed out in our look at what’s next for Apple in 2017 that the company is said to be planning iMac updates for this year alongside spec bumps for MacBook models. Intel has a full fact sheet on the new processors (listed below) on its website here.  4.5W Intel® Core™ vPro™ processors (Y-series) for 2 in 1 detachables 15W Intel Core vPro, 15W and 28W Intel Core processors (U-series) for 2 in 1 convertibles and thin and light clamshells including SKUs with Intel® Iris™ Plus graphics 45W Intel Core vPro processors (H-series) for large-screen clamshells and premium notebooks 45W Intel Core mobile processor (H-series), unlocked2 SKUs for enthusiast and VR-capable notebooks 45W Intel Xeon processors for mobile workstations 65W Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for mainstream towers 65W and 35W Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for All-in-Ones and minis 95W and 65W Intel Core processors (S-series) for enthusiast towers, including unlocked2 SKUs   blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     NEWS & INFORMATION FOR TECHNOLOGY PURCHASERS. UPDATED 4 MINUTES AGO. Home Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content You are here: Home / Chips & Processors / Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Certifications that stand out Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> Microsoft, Intel Era at CES Gives Way to Rising Star Nvidia By Matt Day PUBLISHED: JANUARY 03 2017 For most of its 33 years, Nvidia was best known for building graphics processors that helped computers display high-powered computer games. Now, rising interest in the hardware that powers self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and virtual reality has taken the Santa Clara, Calif., chipmaker, little known outside the high-tech industry, to new heights. On Wednesday evening, Nvidia will unofficially kick off CES in Las Vegas, occupying a speaking slot held in past years by the likes of Microsoft and Intel. The mammoth technology industry confab, formerly the International Consumer Electronics Show, used to be centered on big-screen televisions, appliances and speakers. Those devices are still featured at the show. But these days the hype, and much of the conference-hall space on the Las Vegas Strip, focuses on technology that enables cars to drive themselves or allows you to talk to your devices. Nvidia processors help power some of those futuristic applications. "Nvidia was one of the first chipset suppliers that spied new opportunities in completely different markets," said Malik Saadi, a vice president with ABI Research. "Back in 2014 when everybody was just talking about automotive, artificial intelligence, virtual reality, they were very busy reshaping their product areas." Nvidia's stock price soared nearly 230 percent in 2016, and the firm took in $1.2 billion in net income during its most recently reported 12 months, double the total of the previous period. Nvidia's place in the keynote slot the evening before the opening of the CES show floor marks a changing of the guard at the event. That position for years was held by Bill Gates, and, later, Steve Ballmer, during Microsoft's personal-computer heyday. When Microsoft bowed out after 2012, chipmakers Qualcomm and Intel, dominant in smartphone and PC processors, respectively, held that slot. In Nvidia, the show, put on by the Consumer Technology Association industry group, is homing in on a new wave of technologies untethered from the smartphone or PC. The company's CEO, and the man who will take the microphone on Wednesday, is Jen-Hsun Huang [pictured above]. The 53-year-old was born in Taiwan and emigrated to the U.S. as a child, attending Aloha High School west of Portland, Ore., and earning a degree in electrical engineering from Oregon State University. A master's degree at Stanford followed. In 1993, Huang and two veterans of Sun Microsystems founded Nvidia. The company is a resident of the semiconductor industry, the catchall name for builders of brainlike circuits that control the flow of electrical signals in computing devices ranging from laptops to smartphones. The most widely known name in that world is Intel, which makes most of the processors that power personal computers and servers in cloud-computing data centers. Intel focuses on central processing units, the general-purpose chips proficient in completing a wide range of tasks and quickly switching from one to the next. Nvidia, based a short drive from Intel's headquarters, also in Santa Clara, is the inventor of the modern graphics-processing unit. Those chips aren't as flexible in their applications as CPUs, but can complete many simple operations quickly and simultaneously. The original use for that kind of horsepower was video gaming. Computer games in the early 2000s went from pixelated, two-dimensional, tabletop-like experiences to three-dimensional worlds. To display that often required components dedicated to graphics, and Nvidia's GeForce line of graphics cards is the industry standard. Sales of gaming-focused GPUs account for more than 60 percent of Nvidia's revenue. Nvidia's current hot streak comes as the company tries to expand the pie beyond its gaming wheelhouse. The technology universe seems poised to grant that wish. The focus at CES, the weeklong trade show attended annually by more than 150,000 technologists, marketers and journalists, in recent years has focused on tools that bring new ways to interact with humans or otherwise mimic human intelligence. Amazon.com's Alexa voice-activated assistant relies on a trove of human speech data and pattern-recognition software to make sense of spoken commands. Self-driving cars similarly are designed to bring to bear the experience of thousands of other vehicles to inform how they react to situations on the road. Using GPUs, it turns out, can speed up those sorts of tasks. "You're dealing with a number of tasks (at once). That means you need a different engine to digest and process that information," said Saadi, the ABI executive. "Those markets are getting very, very hot." Nvidia's Tesla line of chips targets the builders of the data centers that power artificial-intelligence applications. The company is also marketing a package that executives say is the only off-the-shelf hardware and software platform for builders of self-driving cars available today. Jeff Herbst, a vice president of business development at Nvidia, says the company a decade ago couldn't have predicted that its future would lie in areas like artificial intelligence. "But did we know that high-performance computing and parallel processing were going to be important? Yes, we did," he said. "All the investments we made in the last 20-something years are starting to pay off." © 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: CES 2017, Consumer Electronics, Microsoft, Intel, Nvidia, Chipmaker, Qualcomm, GPU Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. What's Next for Artificial Intelligence? 2. Hackers Release Malware Tools 3. Connected Cars Bring Security Risks 4. Review: Samsung Gear S3 Classic 5. Concierge Tech Comes to Cruise Line MAY INTEREST YOU Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN CHIPS & PROCESSORS 1. AMD Spills Details on Vega GPU 2. New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts 3. New Intel Chips Boost Security 4. Intel, Dell Show Off New Products 5. An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Next Article > Dell's Latest XPS 13 Notebook Can Transform into a Hybrid PUBLISHED: JANUARY 03 2017 After accidentally showing to the world that the upcoming XPS 13 would indeed be a convertible, Dell's latest notebook can also transform into a 2-in-1 giving you the option to turn the notebook into a product for either completing your work in a flexible manner or completing your day's entertainment run. One thing you should know is that the XPS 13 [pictured above] isn't armed with a regular Core i5 and Core i7 processor. While it does come running Intel's Kaby Lake processors, the names of these chips will definitely confuse you, but to clear all doubts, the notebook is still running the Core M series of processors in a fanless design. Dell claims that the notebook can give up to 15 hours of battery life, but we're assuming that this is going to be for the FHD display version and not the QHD (1440p) version. Dell has continued to use its InfinityEdge display for the XPS 13, making the 2-in-1 even more attractive than even before. With Thunderbolt 3 expected to take the world by storm in 2017, the XPS 13 also comes rolling with this new port, giving you a ton of options as far as expansion is concerned. Best of all, it can also be transformed into a gaming machine if you want to spend extra money and hook it up to a GPU enclosure but you will be severely limited thanks to the Core M processor lineup belonging to Kaby Lake. According to Dell, the starting price of the 2-in-1 comes in at $999, which is a $100 more compared to the base model of the XPS 13 that cannot transform into a convertible. The fact that it features a Thunderbolt 3 port does give users a lot of options in spreading their total work screen space, but then again the $1,000 price tag will definitely not be getting you the best of hardware inside the notebook and is probably for the base model. © 2017 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Dell, Notebook, Laptop, Enterprise Hardware, Intel, Kaby Lake, CES 2017 POPULAR IN CHIPS & PROCESSORS New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts New Intel Chips Boost Security AMD Spills Details on Vega GPU An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Intel, Dell Show Off New Products Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Dell's XPS 13 Notebook Now a Hybrid THE BIG PICTURE Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web NEWSFACTOR.COM Enterprise I.T. Mobile Tech Applications Hardware World Wide Web Network Security Cloud Computing Microsoft/Windows Apple/Mac Personal Tech Big Data CRM Systems Government Communications Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My stepfather left $1 million to strangers and dead people 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release HP Inc. Ignites Powerful PC Experiences at CES 2017 By Published: Jan 3, 2017 12:00 p.m. ET Share PALO ALTO, CA, Jan 03, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Customers inspire new business convertible PC, upgraded Spectre x360, next-generation Sprout by HP and curved gaming display PALO ALTO, CA--(Marketwired - Jan 3, 2017) - HP Inc. HPQ, -0.14% News Highlights: EliteBook x360, world's thinnest business convertible(1), offers long battery life, collaboration and security. Spectre x360 features 15.6" diagonal 4K display(2) and discrete graphics for creators. ENVY Curved All-in-One 34, world's widest curved all-in-one, with new integrated sound bar design. Sprout Pro by HP, the world's first immersive PC, gets major hardware and software redesign to power HP's Blended Reality 3D experiences. OMEN X 35 Curved Display delivers immersive gaming with NVIDIA® G-Sync™ technology. At CES 2017, HP Inc. today debuted exciting new PC innovations that will change the way people interact with their PCs. "HP has been on an innovation roll over the last year and that momentum continues with major advances across our PC portfolio that create incredible customer experiences for both personal and business uses," said Ron Coughlin, president, Personal Systems, HP Inc. "By continuously seeking insights from customers we are changing the way we create and deliver computing experiences." For work, home or on the go, HP premium PCs are designed to exceed customer expectations for what they want to accomplish with their devices. New products debuting today include: HP EliteBook x360, the world's thinnest business convertible(1), combines HP Spectre's powerful thin and light design, HP EliteBook Folio's collaboration capabilities and HP Elite enterprise security and durability. It features the world's longest battery life in a convertible(3) with up to 16 hours and 30 minutes(4). Its integrated collaboration capabilities enhance productivity and bring new life to meetings with dedicated conferencing keys, powerful audio, an optional 13.3" diagonal 4K UHD display(2) with Windows Hello(5), and pen support(6). As part of the HP Elite family, the world's most secure and manageable PCs(7), the business convertible includes latest innovations such as HP Sure Start Gen3(8), the world's only self-healing BIOS now with run-time memory (SMM) protection. It also protects the office of the future with HP WorkWise(9), the most advanced Smartphone App for PC Management and first to offer Tamper Protection(10). HP Spectre x360, following the success of HP's 13.3" diagonal model, the second generation of HP's 15.6" diagonal x360 is the most powerful in the Spectre portfolio. A bigger battery allows for up to 12 hours and 45 minutes(4) while powering a micro-edge 4K display(2). This is close to the same battery life as the Full HD model launched last year. The new HP Spectre x360 features the latest Intel® Core™ processors(11), high-performance NVIDIA® GeForce® 940MX graphics, adds two new front facing speakers expertly tuned by Bang & Olufsen for a great audio experience and an IR camera for Windows Hello(5). HP ENVY Curved All-in-One 34, the next edition of HP's award-winning and world's widest curved all-in-one(12), now adds more computing power for immersive media experiences. The new curved AIO features a 34" diagonal Technicolor Color Certified Ultra WQHD micro-edge display(13) that floats over an integrated four-speaker sound bar tuned by Bang & Olufsen. For evening use, the display can easily switch to a low blue light mode for improved eye comfort and a better night's sleep. For more information, go to the HP EliteBook x360, HP Spectre x360 and HP ENVY Curve All-in-One 34 CES 2017 online press kit. To better meet the needs of commercial customers, HP is introducing the new Sprout Pro by HP, the second generation immersive all-in-one PC. It incorporates a ground-up redesign with a 2.2mm thick, 20-point capacitive Touch Mat display with a sharper, near 1080p projected resolution(14). The advanced technologies and new features empower users in education, retail kiosk and manufacturing to create highly visual content and interactive experiences by blending the physical and digital worlds. This generation makes it easier to interact with Windows 10 Pro and streamlined software gives easy access to Sprout's key features including faster 2D scanning and, for the first time, high-precision 3D scanning. Included is an Active Pen, allowing pressure-sensitive digital inking for annotation and design. It also now features an Intel® Core™ i7 processor(11), 1TB of SSHD storage, up to 16GB of RAM, NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 960M graphics for faster 3D scanning(14). For more information, go to Sprout Pro by HP CES 2017 online press kit. First launched in August, OMEN X by HP is now bringing gamers closer to their virtual worlds with the new OMEN X 35 Curved Display. As the first OMEN display with NVIDIA® G-Sync™ technology, stutter and lag will never be a problem, providing higher refresh rates that result in a more natural, realistic, and true-to-life gaming experience. The latest addition of a 35" diagonal curved display to the OMEN lineup adds a whole new level of immersion for gamers who engage enemies on the battlefield or maneuver against the competition on the racetrack. For more information, go to OMEN X 35 Curved Display CES 2017 online press kit. Pricing and Availability(15) The HP EliteBook x360 is expected to be available at the end of January 2017. The HP Spectre x360 15.6" is expected to be available for pre-order starting on January 3, 2017 via BestBuy.com and HP.com. It will be available for purchase late January 2017 via BestBuy.com and in U.S. Best Buy stores in February starting at $1,499. The HP Spectre x360 15.6" is expected to be available via HP.com on February 26, 2017 starting at $1,279.99. The HP ENVY Curved All-In-One 34 is expected to be available on HP.com on January 11, 2017 and select retailers on February 26, 2017 starting at $1,729.99. The Sprout Pro by HP pricing and availability for commercial consumers is expected in March 2017 in select countries. The OMEN X 35 Display is expected to be available on HP.com and select retailers in March 2017 starting at $1,299.99. About HP HP Inc. creates technology that makes life better for everyone, everywhere. Through our portfolio of printers, PCs, mobile devices, solutions, and services, we engineer experiences that amaze. More information about HP Inc. is available at http://www.hp.com. (1) Based on competitors as of 12/1/16 with > 1m units annually of convertible, non-detachables having a Windows Pro OS and 6th or 7th generation Intel® vPro™ enabled processors (2) 4K Ultra High-definition (HD) content required to view 4K Ultra HD images (3) Based on competitors as of 12/1/16 with > 1m units annually of convertible, non-detachables (4) Windows 10/ MM14 battery life will vary depending on various factors including product model, configuration, loaded applications, features, use, wireless functionality, and power management settings. The maximum capacity of the battery will naturally decrease with time and usage. See www.bapco.com for additional details. (5) Some features including Windows Hello require more advanced hardware. See www.hp.com/go/windows10upgrade and www.windows.com/windows10upgrade. Pre-release product shown, subject to change. Apps sold separately. (6) Pen sold separately (7) Based on HP's unique and comprehensive security capabilities at no additional cost and HP Manageability Integration Kit's management of every aspect of a PC including hardware, BIOS and software management using Microsoft System Center Configuration Manager among vendors with > 1M unit annual sales as of November 2016 on HP Elite PCs with 7th Gen Intel® Core® Processors, Intel® integrated graphics, and Intel® WLAN. (8) HP Sure Start Gen3 is available on HP Elite products equipped with Intel® 7th generation processors. (9) P WorkWise smartphone app will soon be available as a free download on the App Store and Google Play. (10) Based on major competitors as of November 1, 2016 with smartphone managed PC security, performance and print features (11) Multi-core is designed to improve performance of certain software products. Not all customers or software applications will necessarily benefit from use of this technology. Performance and clock frequency will vary depending on application workload and your hardware and software configurations. Intel's numbering is not a measurement of higher performance. (12) Based on diagonal measurement of the screen, consumer All-in-Ones as of 10/10/16 (13) Wide Quad High-definition (WQHD) content required to view Wide Quad HD images. (14) Compared to the previous generations of Sprout. (15) Estimated U.S. street prices. Actual prices may vary. Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. NVIDIA, GeForce, Surround, and the NVIDIA logo are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of NVIDIA Corporation in the U.S. and other countries. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. If the risks or uncertainties ever materialize or the assumptions prove incorrect, the results of HP Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries ("HP") may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements and assumptions. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including but not limited to any projections of net revenue, margins, expenses, effective tax rates, net earnings, net earnings per share, cash flows, benefit plan funding, deferred tax assets, share repurchases, currency exchange rates or other financial items; any projections of the amount, timing or impact of cost savings or restructuring and other charges; any statements of the plans, strategies and objectives of management for future operations, including the execution of restructuring plans and any resulting cost savings, revenue or profitability improvements; any statements concerning the expected development, performance, market share or competitive performance relating to products or services; any statements regarding current or future macroeconomic trends or events and the impact of those trends and events on HP and its financial performance; any statements regarding pending investigations, claims or disputes; any statements of expectation or belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Risks, uncertainties and assumptions include the need to address the many challenges facing HP's businesses; the competitive pressures faced by HP's businesses; risks associated with executing HP's strategy; the impact of macroeconomic and geopolitical trends and events; the need to manage third-party suppliers and the distribution of HP's products and the delivery of HP's services effectively; the protection of HP's intellectual property assets, including intellectual property licensed from third parties; risks associated with HP's international operations; the development and transition of new products and services and the enhancement of existing products and services to meet customer needs and respond to emerging technological trends; the execution and performance of contracts by HP and its suppliers, customers, clients and partners; the hiring and retention of key employees; integration and other risks associated with business combination and investment transactions; the results of the restructuring plans, including estimates and assumptions related to the cost (including any possible disruption of HP's business) and the anticipated benefits of the restructuring plans; the resolution of pending investigations, claims and disputes; and other risks that are described in HP's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2015, HP's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended January 31, 2016, April 30, 2016 and July 31, 2016, and HP's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward-looking statements. HP's Investor Relations website at http://www.hp.com/investor/home contains a significant amount of information about HP, including financial and other information for investors. HP encourages investors to visit its website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. © 2016 HP Inc. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP Inc. products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. HP Inc. shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3095046 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3095049 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3095052 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3095055 Image Available: http://www2.marketwire.com/mw/frame_mw?attachid=3095058 � 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Quote References HPQ -0.02 -0.14% Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE: HPQ $14.77 -0.02 (-0.14%) Volume 9.1M Open $14.79 High $14.94 Low $14.69 P/E Ratio 10.4 Div Yield 3.59 Market Cap 25.2B LatestNews
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 4 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Chips & Processors / Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Certifications that stand out Demonstrate Your Expertise Obtain an ISACA® certification and advance your IS/IT career. Register for an Exam Today> Microsoft, Intel Era at CES Gives Way to Rising Star Nvidia By Matt Day PUBLISHED: JANUARY 03 2017 For most of its 33 years, Nvidia was best known for building graphics processors that helped computers display high-powered computer games. Now, rising interest in the hardware that powers self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and virtual reality has taken the Santa Clara, Calif., chipmaker, little known outside the high-tech industry, to new heights. On Wednesday evening, Nvidia will unofficially kick off CES in Las Vegas, occupying a speaking slot held in past years by the likes of Microsoft and Intel. The mammoth technology industry confab, formerly the International Consumer Electronics Show, used to be centered on big-screen televisions, appliances and speakers. Those devices are still featured at the show. But these days the hype, and much of the conference-hall space on the Las Vegas Strip, focuses on technology that enables cars to drive themselves or allows you to talk to your devices. Nvidia processors help power some of those futuristic applications. "Nvidia was one of the first chipset suppliers that spied new opportunities in completely different markets," said Malik Saadi, a vice president with ABI Research. "Back in 2014 when everybody was just talking about automotive, artificial intelligence, virtual reality, they were very busy reshaping their product areas." Nvidia's stock price soared nearly 230 percent in 2016, and the firm took in $1.2 billion in net income during its most recently reported 12 months, double the total of the previous period. Nvidia's place in the keynote slot the evening before the opening of the CES show floor marks a changing of the guard at the event. That position for years was held by Bill Gates, and, later, Steve Ballmer, during Microsoft's personal-computer heyday. When Microsoft bowed out after 2012, chipmakers Qualcomm and Intel, dominant in smartphone and PC processors, respectively, held that slot. In Nvidia, the show, put on by the Consumer Technology Association industry group, is homing in on a new wave of technologies untethered from the smartphone or PC. The company's CEO, and the man who will take the microphone on Wednesday, is Jen-Hsun Huang [pictured above]. The 53-year-old was born in Taiwan and emigrated to the U.S. as a child, attending Aloha High School west of Portland, Ore., and earning a degree in electrical engineering from Oregon State University. A master's degree at Stanford followed. In 1993, Huang and two veterans of Sun Microsystems founded Nvidia. The company is a resident of the semiconductor industry, the catchall name for builders of brainlike circuits that control the flow of electrical signals in computing devices ranging from laptops to smartphones. The most widely known name in that world is Intel, which makes most of the processors that power personal computers and servers in cloud-computing data centers. Intel focuses on central processing units, the general-purpose chips proficient in completing a wide range of tasks and quickly switching from one to the next. Nvidia, based a short drive from Intel's headquarters, also in Santa Clara, is the inventor of the modern graphics-processing unit. Those chips aren't as flexible in their applications as CPUs, but can complete many simple operations quickly and simultaneously. The original use for that kind of horsepower was video gaming. Computer games in the early 2000s went from pixelated, two-dimensional, tabletop-like experiences to three-dimensional worlds. To display that often required components dedicated to graphics, and Nvidia's GeForce line of graphics cards is the industry standard. Sales of gaming-focused GPUs account for more than 60 percent of Nvidia's revenue. Nvidia's current hot streak comes as the company tries to expand the pie beyond its gaming wheelhouse. The technology universe seems poised to grant that wish. The focus at CES, the weeklong trade show attended annually by more than 150,000 technologists, marketers and journalists, in recent years has focused on tools that bring new ways to interact with humans or otherwise mimic human intelligence. Amazon.com's Alexa voice-activated assistant relies on a trove of human speech data and pattern-recognition software to make sense of spoken commands. Self-driving cars similarly are designed to bring to bear the experience of thousands of other vehicles to inform how they react to situations on the road. Using GPUs, it turns out, can speed up those sorts of tasks. "You're dealing with a number of tasks (at once). That means you need a different engine to digest and process that information," said Saadi, the ABI executive. "Those markets are getting very, very hot." Nvidia's Tesla line of chips targets the builders of the data centers that power artificial-intelligence applications. The company is also marketing a package that executives say is the only off-the-shelf hardware and software platform for builders of self-driving cars available today. Jeff Herbst, a vice president of business development at Nvidia, says the company a decade ago couldn't have predicted that its future would lie in areas like artificial intelligence. "But did we know that high-performance computing and parallel processing were going to be important? Yes, we did," he said. "All the investments we made in the last 20-something years are starting to pay off." © 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: CES 2017, Consumer Electronics, Microsoft, Intel, Nvidia, Chipmaker, Qualcomm, GPU Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. What's Next for Artificial Intelligence? 2. Connected Cars Bring Security Risks 3. Wearable Sensors Check Your Health 4. Can Faraday Future Build a Car? 5. Scientists Say Moon Is Over the Hill MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN CHIPS & PROCESSORS 1. AMD Spills Details on Vega GPU 2. New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts 3. New Intel Chips Boost Security 4. Intel, Dell Show Off New Products 5. An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Next Article > Dell's Latest XPS 13 Notebook Can Transform into a Hybrid PUBLISHED: JANUARY 03 2017 After accidentally showing to the world that the upcoming XPS 13 would indeed be a convertible, Dell's latest notebook can also transform into a 2-in-1 giving you the option to turn the notebook into a product for either completing your work in a flexible manner or completing your day's entertainment run. One thing you should know is that the XPS 13 [pictured above] isn't armed with a regular Core i5 and Core i7 processor. While it does come running Intel's Kaby Lake processors, the names of these chips will definitely confuse you, but to clear all doubts, the notebook is still running the Core M series of processors in a fanless design. Dell claims that the notebook can give up to 15 hours of battery life, but we're assuming that this is going to be for the FHD display version and not the QHD (1440p) version. Dell has continued to use its InfinityEdge display for the XPS 13, making the 2-in-1 even more attractive than even before. With Thunderbolt 3 expected to take the world by storm in 2017, the XPS 13 also comes rolling with this new port, giving you a ton of options as far as expansion is concerned. Best of all, it can also be transformed into a gaming machine if you want to spend extra money and hook it up to a GPU enclosure but you will be severely limited thanks to the Core M processor lineup belonging to Kaby Lake. According to Dell, the starting price of the 2-in-1 comes in at $999, which is a $100 more compared to the base model of the XPS 13 that cannot transform into a convertible. The fact that it features a Thunderbolt 3 port does give users a lot of options in spreading their total work screen space, but then again the $1,000 price tag will definitely not be getting you the best of hardware inside the notebook and is probably for the base model. © 2017 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: Dell, Notebook, Laptop, Enterprise Hardware, Intel, Kaby Lake, CES 2017 POPULAR IN CHIPS & PROCESSORS New Snapdragon 835 Chip Debuts New Intel Chips Boost Security AMD Spills Details on Vega GPU An In-Depth Look at Intel's Kaby Lake Intel, Dell Show Off New Products Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Dell's XPS 13 Notebook Now a Hybrid THE BIG PICTURE Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     BUSINESS NEWS FOR TECHNOLOGY DECISION-MAKERS. UPDATED 4 MINUTES AGO. Home Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content You are here: Home / Applications / Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Microsoft, Intel Era at CES Gives Way to Rising Star Nvidia By Matt Day PUBLISHED: JANUARY 03 2017 For most of its 33 years, Nvidia was best known for building graphics processors that helped computers display high-powered computer games. Now, rising interest in the hardware that powers self-driving cars, artificial intelligence and virtual reality has taken the Santa Clara, Calif., chipmaker, little known outside the high-tech industry, to new heights. On Wednesday evening, Nvidia will unofficially kick off CES in Las Vegas, occupying a speaking slot held in past years by the likes of Microsoft and Intel. The mammoth technology industry confab, formerly the International Consumer Electronics Show, used to be centered on big-screen televisions, appliances and speakers. Those devices are still featured at the show. But these days the hype, and much of the conference-hall space on the Las Vegas Strip, focuses on technology that enables cars to drive themselves or allows you to talk to your devices. Nvidia processors help power some of those futuristic applications. "Nvidia was one of the first chipset suppliers that spied new opportunities in completely different markets," said Malik Saadi, a vice president with ABI Research. "Back in 2014 when everybody was just talking about automotive, artificial intelligence, virtual reality, they were very busy reshaping their product areas." Nvidia's stock price soared nearly 230 percent in 2016, and the firm took in $1.2 billion in net income during its most recently reported 12 months, double the total of the previous period. Nvidia's place in the keynote slot the evening before the opening of the CES show floor marks a changing of the guard at the event. That position for years was held by Bill Gates, and, later, Steve Ballmer, during Microsoft's personal-computer heyday. When Microsoft bowed out after 2012, chipmakers Qualcomm and Intel, dominant in smartphone and PC processors, respectively, held that slot. In Nvidia, the show, put on by the Consumer Technology Association industry group, is homing in on a new wave of technologies untethered from the smartphone or PC. The company's CEO, and the man who will take the microphone on Wednesday, is Jen-Hsun Huang [pictured above]. The 53-year-old was born in Taiwan and emigrated to the U.S. as a child, attending Aloha High School west of Portland, Ore., and earning a degree in electrical engineering from Oregon State University. A master's degree at Stanford followed. In 1993, Huang and two veterans of Sun Microsystems founded Nvidia. The company is a resident of the semiconductor industry, the catchall name for builders of brainlike circuits that control the flow of electrical signals in computing devices ranging from laptops to smartphones. The most widely known name in that world is Intel, which makes most of the processors that power personal computers and servers in cloud-computing data centers. Intel focuses on central processing units, the general-purpose chips proficient in completing a wide range of tasks and quickly switching from one to the next. Nvidia, based a short drive from Intel's headquarters, also in Santa Clara, is the inventor of the modern graphics-processing unit. Those chips aren't as flexible in their applications as CPUs, but can complete many simple operations quickly and simultaneously. The original use for that kind of horsepower was video gaming. Computer games in the early 2000s went from pixelated, two-dimensional, tabletop-like experiences to three-dimensional worlds. To display that often required components dedicated to graphics, and Nvidia's GeForce line of graphics cards is the industry standard. Sales of gaming-focused GPUs account for more than 60 percent of Nvidia's revenue. Nvidia's current hot streak comes as the company tries to expand the pie beyond its gaming wheelhouse. The technology universe seems poised to grant that wish. The focus at CES, the weeklong trade show attended annually by more than 150,000 technologists, marketers and journalists, in recent years has focused on tools that bring new ways to interact with humans or otherwise mimic human intelligence. Amazon.com's Alexa voice-activated assistant relies on a trove of human speech data and pattern-recognition software to make sense of spoken commands. Self-driving cars similarly are designed to bring to bear the experience of thousands of other vehicles to inform how they react to situations on the road. Using GPUs, it turns out, can speed up those sorts of tasks. "You're dealing with a number of tasks (at once). That means you need a different engine to digest and process that information," said Saadi, the ABI executive. "Those markets are getting very, very hot." Nvidia's Tesla line of chips targets the builders of the data centers that power artificial-intelligence applications. The company is also marketing a package that executives say is the only off-the-shelf hardware and software platform for builders of self-driving cars available today. Jeff Herbst, a vice president of business development at Nvidia, says the company a decade ago couldn't have predicted that its future would lie in areas like artificial intelligence. "But did we know that high-performance computing and parallel processing were going to be important? Yes, we did," he said. "All the investments we made in the last 20-something years are starting to pay off." © 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge. All rights reserved. Read more on: CES 2017, Consumer Electronics, Microsoft, Intel, Nvidia, Chipmaker, Qualcomm, GPU Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: TOP STORIES NOW 1. What's Next for Artificial Intelligence? 2. Retail: More Pay, Greater Confidence 3. iPhone 8: Rumor of the Week 4. Can Faraday Future Build a Car? 5. B2B Content Marketing Success MAY INTEREST YOU Your data is your most valuable asset, so Find out how to disaster-proof it with eVault, providing data backup and recovery for business. MORE IN APPLICATIONS 1. AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture 2. What You Can Expect at CES 2017 3. Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 4. Cash-Splitting Apps To Simplify Life 5. Enterprise Networking Trends for 2017 Next Article > What To Expect When CES 2017 Opens In Las Vegas, January 5 By Shirley Siluk / NewsFactor Business Report PUBLISHED: JANUARY 03 2017 Set to kick off for the 50th year in a row Thursday, CES 2017 will feature hundreds of startups as well as exhibits by existing big name tech companies, including Amazon, Facebook, Google, Intel and Microsoft. Being held at several venues across Las Vegas, CES is scheduled to run from Jan. 5 through Jan. 8. In addition to new products in the usual consumer device categories -- TVs, audio equipment, video game technologies and more -- CES will showcase the latest innovations in augmented reality and virtual reality, drones, biotech, robotics and smart home devices. Among the speakers set to give keynote addresses during the conference are Nvidia founder, president and CEO Jen-Hsun Huang, Huawei consumer business group CEO Richard Yu, Nissan chairman and CEO Carlos Ghosn and Qualcomm CEO Steve Mollenkopf. A number of companies, including automotive startup Faraday Future, LG, Qualcomm, Samsung, Sony and Toyota, have scheduled press events during CES to unveil new products. As usual, though, Apple will not be attending, so iPhone fans will have to wait until later in 2017 for that company's latest device rollouts. And Samsung is not expected to make any announcements about the Galaxy S8 launch until the spring. Smart Car Demos and New Models Smart car technology is one area where CES is set to make plenty of headlines. The California-based electric car startup Faraday Future, for instance, plans to unveil its first model, the FFZero1 (pictured above), from Las Vegas in an event that will be streamed live later today. Like Elon Musk's Tesla vehicles, the FFZero1 was designed from the ground up as a new kind of car and features a carbon fiber body, connected intelligence and a top speed of over 200 mph. Meanwhile, Microsoft and several partner companies have scheduled a media event for tomorrow to demonstrate a "highly automated vehicle" that uses bots, secure communication technologies and artificial intelligence for improved road safety, traffic flow and mobile entertainment. "This collaboration at CES 2017 is another example of how we work together to continue testing, to see what sticks, and to help automakers bring truly personalized experiences to drivers and services that learn unique behaviors and can make improvements over time," Kevin Dallas, corporate vice president of business development for Microsoft, said today in a statement. Enterprise Focus on the 'Experience Economy' In all, this year's Las Vegas event is expected to feature more than 3,800 exhibitors and attract more than 165,000 visitors over four days. Beyond the keynote addresses, CES will feature panel discussions and other sessions on topics ranging from accessibility technology, cybersecurity, business use of drones and delivery robots, sports tech and cognitive technologies. Enterprise applications will also be in the spotlight, with Carnival Corp. president and CEO Arnold Donald scheduled to deliver a keynote on the "experience economy" and Mastercard hosting a conference track on digital money. Mastercard, CardConnect and Walmart will also be among the companies on hand at the CES e-commerce and enterprise solution marketplace. Microsoft today also highlighted a number of devices from Lenovo that will be unveiled at CES. They include the 2017 ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop, as well as the ThinkPad X1 Yoga and ThinkPad X1 Tablet, all of which are set to hit the market in the U.S. in February or March. Other News Out of CES Some of the other developments likely to come out of CES this year include a growing presence for Alexa, Amazon's intelligent digital assistant, across a range of offerings from the DISH network's DVR platform to a new smart clock from the startup Vobot. Google's Project Tango, a "spatial perception" technology for the Android mobile operating system, is also making a new appearance through Asus' launch of the ZenFone AR. It's the second smartphone after Lenovo's Phab2 Pro to support Tango. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, meanwhile, is expected to discuss how new tech from his company will enable virtual reality applications for "almost every aspect of our lives." His press conference, to be streamed live, is set for tomorrow afternoon. Another no-show at CES this year is Oculus, Facebook's virtual reality property. The first consumer version of the Oculus Rift headgear hit the market in the spring, and Facebook is already said to be planning an update, although it's not expected to be released until later this year at the earliest. Read more on: CES, Laptops, Microsoft, Intel, Google, Amazon, Lenovo, ThinkPads, Smart Cars, Enterprise IT, Technology News POPULAR IN APPLICATIONS Enterprise Networking Trends for 2017 Top 10 Predictions for Biz Robotics AMD Intros Vega GPU Architecture What You Can Expect at CES 2017 Rising Star Nvidia at CES 2017 Cash-Splitting Apps To Simplify Life 5 Tools To Help Boost Mobile Traffic THE BIG PICTURE Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce NEWSFACTOR BUSINESS REPORT Business Briefing Mobile Industry News Small Business Innovation E-Commerce Contributed Content NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2017 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Business Tech Transportation Intel invests in Here to create precise maps for autonomous cars New, 4 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes Jan 3, 2017, 2:01pm EST share tweet Linkedin Intel is buying a 15 percent stake in Here, the mapping service started by Nokia that was sold last year to Audi, BMW, and Mercedes for over $3 billion. Here is one of the hottest names in mapping — for companies in the auto business, at least — since it’s one of the few good options they can get ahold of that isn’t controlled by a competitor. It essentially offers them an out from relying on Google and gives these companies the ability to control a relatively mature mapping platform’s development. Intel wants a precise location system for self-driving cars Like Audi, BMW, and Mercedes, the investment Intel is making in Here is all about cars. Intel says it plans to work with Here to develop mapping systems that can pinpoint a vehicle’s location “within centimeters,” as a way to improve autonomous driving systems. That’s a key area for Intel, as it recently announced plans to invest $250 million in building self-driving vehicle systems. As you might expect, Intel’s role in this partnership seems to be more on the hardware side. Here already offers a service, called “HD Live Map,” that’s supposed to continually collect data to build updated road maps and let self-driving cars see the road ahead. Edzard Overbeek, Here’s CEO, says in a statement that Intel’s role will be more as a “silicon provider,” helping to create systems that are able to better monitor a vehicle’s location. While it goes unmentioned in the announcement, it’s easy to imagine Intel putting Here to use when it comes to its ambitions in drones, too. Mapping and location are key components of building drones that can fly themselves, and that’s exactly the kind of tech Intel will be developing alongside Here thanks to this investment. The investment will have to receive regulatory approval; Intel and Here suspect that’ll happen within the next few months. Next Up In Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent The 2017 Detroit Auto Show in pictures This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography Tesla’s latest Autopilot update rolls back its speed cap on undivided roads Why carmakers want to keep Apple and Google at arm's length Fiat Chrysler reportedly facing US criminal probe in emission scandal Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 8 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 2 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News Dell Launches New Alienware and Inspiron 7000 Gaming Laptops Ahead of CES 2017  Gadgets 360 Staff, 03 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights The Alienware laptops sport Intel's new Kaby Lake processors The new Inspiron 7000 Gaming laptops bear subwoofers The top-end Alienware models come with Tobii IR Eye-tracking Dell ahead of CES 2017 has launched the 2017 models of its Alienware laptops, as well as the new Inspiron 7000 Gaming laptops. Separately, the company also launched the Latitude 5285 2-in-1 for business customers. Starting with the Alienware offerings, Alienware 13 R3 (2017) laptop has been priced starting $999.99 (roughly Rs. 68,300), the Alienware 15 R3 (2017) laptop has been priced starting $1,199.99 (roughly Rs. 81,990), while the Alienware 17 R4 (2017) laptop has been priced starting $1,349.99 (roughly Rs. 92,300). All three will be available from Thursday, January 5 in the US. As for the new Inspiron 7000 Gaming laptops, Dell has launched two models - the Inspiron 14 7000 Gaming and the Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming. For now, the company has only provided pricing and availability details of the latter, larger laptop, which starts at $799 (roughly Rs. 54,600) and will be available from Thursday in the US. Getting back to the Alienware (2017) laptop models, the company says the new lineup features build materials such as anodised aluminium, magnesium allow, steel, and copper, making the laptops both strong and as lightweight as possible. Users can now also easily access laptop internals with the new bottom door mechanism, while Tobii IR Eye-tracking configurations will also be made available on the Alienware 17 model. The laptops all offer support for the Alienware Graphics Amplifier, which levers the power of an external graphics card. All three also feature the steel-reinforced Alienware TactX Keyboard with 4-zone multi-colour RGB lighting and AlienFX lighting controls (8 to 13 programmable zones). The new Alienware laptops also sport a brand new speaker design with "internal smart-amps" that monitor waveforms to ensure the entire thermal margin of the speakers is utilised. All configurations also include Killer Networks Ethernet and Wi-Fi connectivity. The designs are very similar to the third generation Alienware laptops unveiled in September last year, but coupled with the new seventh generation Intel Core 'Kaby Lake' processors. All three laptops ship with a choice of 64-bit Windows 10 or Windows 10 Pro. While the Alienware 13 and Alienware 15 feature a stereo speaker configuration, the Alienware 17 adds a sub-woofer. All three are only available in Epic Silver colour variants. The Alienware 13 R3 (2017) comes in 13.3-inch HD (1366x768 pixels) TN display, full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) IPS display, and QHD (2560x1440 pixels) OLED display variants. Processor configurations include an Intel Core i5-7300HQ or Intel Core i7-7700HQ, with up to 32GB 2400MHz DDR4 RAM. As for graphics, the base model ships with Intel HD Graphics 630 + Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 with 2GB GDDR5 video RAM, and goes up to GeForce GTX 1060 with 6GB GDDR5 video RAM. While storage options on the Alienware 13 R3 (2017) start at 180GB M.2 SATA SSD, they go up to 1TB PCIe SSD (boot) + 1TB PCIe SSD (storage). Ports on board include Gigabit Ethernet, two USB 3.0 Type-A ports, one USB 3.0 Type-C port, one Thunderbolt 3.0 port, one Alienware Graphics Amplifier port, one HDMI 2.0 port, one Mini-DisplayPort 1.2, one audio out port, and one headphone port. It measures 330x269x22mm and has an average weight of 2.6kg. It sports a 76Whr battery with an 180W adapter. The Alienware 15 R3 (2017) has 15.6-inch full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) IPS display, full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) 60Hz IPS display with Nvidia G-Sync, full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) 120Hz TN+WVA Nvidia G-Sync display, and UHD (3840x2160 pixels) IGZO IPS display variants. One can choose between an Intel Core i5-7300HQ, Intel Core i7-7700HQ, or Intel Core i7-7820HK processor, with up to 32GB 2400MHz DDR4 RAM. Base model graphics include Intel HD Graphics 630 + Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti with 2GB GDDR5 RAM, and go up to a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 with 8GB GDDR5 video RAM. The Alienware 15 R3 (2017)'s base model has a 180GB M.2 SATA SSD, one can opt for up to 1TB PCIe SSD (boot) + 1TB PCIe SSD (storage) + 1TB 7200RPM SATA HDD. Ports on board include Gigabit Ethernet, two USB 3.0 Type-A ports, one USB 3.0 Type-C port, one Thunderbolt 3.0 port, one Alienware Graphics Amplifier port, one HDMI port, one Mini-DisplayPort 1.2, one audio out port, and one headphone port. It measures 389x305x25.4mm and has an average weight of 3.49kg. It ships with a 68Whr battery and 180W adapter, though a 99Whr battery and 240W adapter is also an option. The Alienware 17 R4 (2017) is offered in 17.3-inch full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) IPS display, full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) IPS display with Tobii IR Eye-tracking, full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) 120Hz TN+WVA Nvidia G-Sync display with Tobii IR Eye-tracking, and UHD (3840x2160 pixels) IPS display with Tobii IR Eye-tracking variants. Users have the choice of a quad-core Intel Core i7-7700HQ processors or Intel Core i7-7820HK processors, with up to 32GB 2400MHz DDR4 RAM. Base model graphics include Intel HD Graphics 630 + Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti with 2GB GDDR5 RAM, and go up to a Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080 with 8GB GDDR5X video RAM. The base model of the Alienware 17 R4 (2017) comes with a 180GB M.2 SATA SSD, though options up to a 1TB PCIe SSD (boot) + 1TB PCIe SSD (storage) + 1TB 7200RPM SATA HDD configuration exist. Ports on board include Gigabit Ethernet, two USB 3.0 Type-A ports, one USB 3.0 Type-C port, one Thunderbolt 3.0 port, one Alienware Graphics Amplifier port, one HDMI port, one Mini-DisplayPort 1.2, one audio out port, and one headphone port. It measures 424x332x29.9mm and has an average weight of 4.42kg. It features a 68Whr battery with an 180W adapter, though a 99Whr battery with a 240W or 330W adapter can be chosen as welll. As for the Dell Inspiron 14 7000 and Inspiron 15 7000 laptops, the company calls them the most powerful Inspiron laptops ever. Dell says they are less than 1-inch in thickness, sport dedicated forward as well as rearward thermal vents, bear a subwoofer, provide Waves MaxxAudio Pro audio processing, and also come with an oversized service bay door on the bottom to simplify access to internal components. The new gaming laptops are said to "feature the most aggressive performance design and components offered within the entire Inspiron laptop family." While both laptops ship with Windows 10, the Inspiron 15 7000 also comes with an Ubuntu option. The Dell Inspiron 14 7000 and Inspiron 15 7000 share several specifications, such as the choice of processors - Intel Core i5-7300HQ and Intel Core i7-7700HQ - and up to 32GB of DDR4 RAM. The standard memory configuration is 4GB of DDR4 RAM. Other common specifications include Wi-Fi 802.11ac, Bluetooth v4.2, and Gigabit Ethernet connectivity, and the same ports - one HDMI 2.0, three USB 3.0 ports, one SD card reader, one Ethernet port, and a combo headphone and microphone jack. Both laptops will also be available in Matte Red or Matte Black colour variants. Getting to the specifics, the Dell Inspiron 14 7000 only comes with a 14-inch full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) LED-backlit display, and no other display options. Apart from integrated Intel graphics, users will get the choice of GeForce GTX 1050 4GB GDDR5 video memory dedicated graphics. The base configuration sports a 128GB SSD with a 500GB 5400RPM HDD, going up to a 256GB SSD. The Dell Inspiron 14 7000 ships with a full-size spill-resistant keyboard, though users have the option to go in for a backlit keyboard (with Red colour available in some regions). It bears a 56Whr 4-cell battery and ships with a 90W adapter. On the other hand, Dell Inspiron 15 7000 ships with a choice of 17.3 full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) LED-backlit display, full-HD (1920x1080 pixels) IPS Truelife LED-backlit touch display, or UHD (3840x2160 pixels) IPS LED-backlit display. Apart from integrated Intel graphics, users will get the choice of GeForce GTX 1050 with 4GB GDDR5 video memory or GeForce GTX 1050 Ti with 4GB GDDR5 video memory. The base configuration sports a 1TB 5400RPM HDD and goes up to a 512GB PCIe SSD. The Dell Inspiron 15 7000 ships with a full-size spill-resistant keyboard with numpad, though users have the option to go in for a backlit keyboard (with Red colour available in some regions). It bears a 74Whr 4-cell battery and ships with a 130W adapter. Tags: Dell, Dell Alienware, Alienware 13, Alienware 15, Alienware 17, Alienware 13 R3 2017, Alienware 15 R3 2017, Alienware 17 R4 2017, Dell Inspiron 7000 Gaming, Dell Inspiron 14 7000 Gaming, Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming, Alienware 13 Price, Alienware 15 Price, Alienware 17 Price, Alienware 13 Specifications, Alienware 15 Specifications, Alienware 17 Specifications, Dell Inspiron 14 7000 Gaming Price, Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Price, Dell Inspiron 14 7000 Gaming Specifications, Dell Inspiron 15 7000 Gaming Specifications, Laptops, Gaming Laptops, Gaming, CES, CES 2017 Airtel vs Reliance Jio, Paytm Payments Bank, Samsung Galaxy A (2017) Price, and More: Your 360 Daily Dell Latitude 5285 2-in-1 Business Laptop Launched Ahead of CES 2017 Dell Launches New Alienware and Inspiron 7000 Gaming Laptops Ahead of CES 2017     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 The Best Smartphones Under Rs. 20,000 WhatsApp to Rollout an 'Enterprise' Service Later This Year? Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale New Samsung Galaxy A Series Said to Go on Sale in Russia, Price Revealed Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iPad Air 2 iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS Sierra Retina MacBook tvOS 10 watchOS 3 Buyer's Guide Forums iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s Retina MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air Apple VR Project iMac iPad Air 2 Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter Intel Announces Full Lineup of Kaby Lake Processors for iMac, MacBook Pro, and More Tuesday January 3, 2017 10:42 am PST by Juli Clover At today's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada, Intel formally announced its full lineup of 7th-generation Intel Core processors, known as Kaby Lake. Kaby Lake low-power Y-Series and U-Series processors were announced in late August, but today's unveiling covers notebook and desktop chips that could be destined for many future Apple Macs. Intel's 7th-generation processors are built on the "14nm+" process, introducing new optimizations compared to previous 14nm Broadwell and Skylake chips. According to Intel, Kaby Lake will bring "double digit productivity performance increases" of up to 20 percent for gaming notebooks and 25 percent for desktops, compared to 2013 Haswell chips from Intel's prior release cycle. With 4K and 360 degree content, customers can expect up to 65 percent faster performance on notebooks. Enhanced security, a new media engine, and improvements in VR and gaming are all advertised features. Of the chips announced today, the 28-watt U-Series chips are appropriate for a future 13-inch MacBook Pro update, and we could see the 7267U/7287U/7567U used in 13-inch MacBook Pro machines this year. Those same chips are likely what Apple would use in a Mac mini update, as the Mac mini and the 13-inch MacBook Pro have traditionally included the same chips. Intel's 45-watt H-Series chips are appropriate for a future 15-inch MacBook Pro update. The 7700HQ would be ideal for entry-level machines, while a mid-tier machine would use the 7820HQ and the top-of-the-line MacBook Pro would use the 7920HQ. There are multiple potential upgrade options for the 27-inch iMac, but the S-Series desktop chips (7500/7600/7700K) are the straight upgrade path from the current Skylake chips used in 27-inch machines. For the 21.5-inch iMac, Apple normally uses chips with higher-end integrated graphics, but Intel has not released Kaby Lake chips that are a clear upgrade for the smaller iMac machines. Apple could choose to use Skylake chips instead of Kaby Lake chips for the 21.5-inch iMac, and in that case, would likely adopt the 6585R, 6685R, and 6785R chips, released six months ago. With today's announcement, Kaby Lake chips that are clear upgrades for the iMac, MacBook Pro, and Mac mini will be available to manufacturers in the near future and will be available for Apple's planned 2017 upgrades. Kaby Lake chips appropriate for future MacBook updates are already available. Rumors suggest we will see refreshed iMacs in the spring, which is also when we may see new MacBooks, and in the fall, we expect to see Kaby Lake refreshes for the MacBook Pro lineup. Related Roundups: iMac, Mac mini, MacBook Pro, Retina MacBook Tags: Intel, CES 2017 Buyer's Guide: iMac (Don't Buy), Mac Mini (Don't Buy), MacBook Pro (Buy Now), MacBook (Caution) [ 357 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) macduke 2 weeks ago Remember when Apple used to get chips from Intel ahead of everyone else, like in the original MacBook Air? Now they implement them a year later right before they're obsolete. Rating: 68 Votes Macist 2 weeks ago Maybe Apple could underclock any performance gains out of them and that way they can shave another 0.2mm off everything. Happy days! Rating: 64 Votes soupcan 2 weeks ago Coming to a Mac near you Q1 2018. You know, when Intel releases a new CPU lineup. Rating: 56 Votes macduke 2 weeks ago …and we could see the 7267U/7287U/7567U used in 13-inch MacBook Pro machines this year. You're really funny, MacRumors. REALLY FUNNY. Rating: 31 Votes macintologist 2 weeks ago Everybody here is really negative, but I'm a huge Apple fan and regardless if Apple is slow to updating their Macs, Macs are still everyone's preferred desktop machine. Rating: 21 Votes Ifti 2 weeks ago Does this mean we have to wait another year for Apple to actually implement them?! Really wish Apple would keep up! Cue the 'I'm waiting for......' comments....! Rating: 19 Votes shabbasuraj 2 weeks ago Anyone reading this headline is delirious if you think these chips mean any substantial upgrades to the iMac and Mac Pro. Any substantial updates are coming in fall 2017. Tim can preach all he wants about 'magic' products but Apple has put all of its eggs into the mobile space. Go ahead Tim, prove us all wrong. Rating: 19 Votes Cole Slaw 2 weeks ago It'll be cool to see these in MacBook Pros in late 2018. Rating: 19 Votes gugy 2 weeks ago Come on Tim! Give the Mac some love. Mac Pro, Mini and iMac would appreciate. Rating: 18 Votes Chicane-UK 2 weeks ago Does this mean we have to wait another year for Apple to actually implement them?! Na. The CPU's are good now but Apple are waiting on the right GPU's... ;) Rating: 16 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming iMac Early 2017 Updated models with AMD graphics options expected in early 2017. iPad Pro Early 2017? New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 New glass-backed design rumored to lose the Home button. More Blog Stories Amazon Reveals Curated TV Subscriptions Strategy with 'Anime Strike' Prime Channel 13 hours ago on iOS Blog Amazon launched Anime Strike this week, the company's first self-branded content to appear under its Channels subscriptions program for Prime members. Anime Strike offers U.S. Prime members... 25 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Case or Sleeve for Your MacBook From WaterField Designs 2 days ago on Mac Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with WaterField Designs to offer MacBook and MacBook Pro users a chance to win a Syde MacBook Case or a Maxwell Sleeve for their notebooks. ... 14 comments Nintendo Switch Parental Controls App Will Let Parents Remotely Control Switch Console 3 days ago on iOS Blog In the wake of major reveals surrounding the Nintendo Switch and its launch titles, Nintendo has announced a new app coming to smartphone devices that will allow parents to set granular control... 38 comments Sharp Executive Says Plan for Foxconn LCD Plant in U.S. is Still 'On The Table' 3 days ago on iOS Blog Foxconn and Sharp are looking closer than ever to building a manufacturing plant within the United States, according to one Sharp executive who said that the plan is still "on the table" (via... 24 comments Rome: Total War – Barbarian Invasion Coming to iPad This March for $4.99 3 days ago on iOS Blog Feral Interactive has announced it is bringing ROME: Total War – Barbarian Invasion to iPad this March. The title is a standalone expansion pack to the critically acclaimed ROME: Total War, which was... 15 comments Sonnet Unveils Thunderbolt 3-to-PCIe Card Expansion Systems for 2016 MacBook Pros 3 days ago on Mac Blog Sonnet Technologies yesterday launched its first Thunderbolt 3-to-PCIe card expansion systems for 2016 MacBook Pros, the Echo Express SEL — Thunderbolt 3 Edition and the Echo Express SE I —... 28 comments Ecobee3 Smart Thermostat Update Adds HomeKit Support for Remote Sensors 3 days ago on iOS Blog Smart wireless thermostat maker Ecobee is rolling out a firmware update to Ecobee3 devices that brings individual HomeKit support to the device's remote sensors for the first time. The... 36 comments Safari Users Unable to Play Newer 4K Video on YouTube in Native Resolution 3 days ago on Mac Blog Reddit users have recently discovered that YouTube refuses to stream newly uploaded 4K video in its native resolution if the website is accessed through Safari web browser. The issue was first... 68 comments • Google Maps Users Can Now Book and Pay for Uber Rides Without Ever Leaving the App (10) • Universal Search Bar Coming Soon to Snapchat's iOS App (4) • Apple Increases Maximum tvOS App Size to 4GB (73) • Adobe's Research Team Experimenting With Voice-Based AI, Digital Face Painting (5) • Flash Sale: Get a $100 iTunes Gift Card for $85 and More (22) • Apple Seeds Fourth Beta of macOS Sierra 10.12.3 to Developers [Update: Public Beta Available Too] (33) • Akitio Launches 2.5" Quad Thunderbolt 3 Storage Device for New MacBook Pro (25)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Husain Sumra Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade The Binding of Issac, The Nintendo Switch, and More! - The TouchArcade Show #290 TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth' 'Sonny' Review - An Accessible Social-Style RPG Without IAP 'Card City Nights 2' Under Development, Adds Online Multiplayer 'Rome: Total War' iPad Developer Feral Interactive is Teasing Two Mysterious iOS Games AppShopper Apple Announces New iPhone 6s with 3D Touch Apple Announces iPad Pro with 12.9-inch Retina Display Apple Announces iOS 9, Bringing Split-Screen Multi-tasking to iPad Apple Announces Mac OS X 10.11 'El Capitan' Apple Watch Pre-Orders to Open on April 10, Available Starting on April 24 Apple Announces New 12-inch MacBook with Retina Display Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Skip to content SAT Press Releases PR Distribution Menu HOME Submit the press release Our Team & Contact Posted on January 3, 2017January 3, 2017 by Press Release Acer Launches Performance-Oriented Aspire VX 15, V Nitro and GX Series LAS VEGAS (PRWEB) January 03, 2017 Acer today unveiled three new Aspire series devices, including two new high-performance notebooks and a desktop PC, all designed with entertainment and performance in mind while featuring Windows 10. Packed with premium audio technologies, crystal clear displays with IPS technology(2) and the latest NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 10-Series graphics and high-performance 7th Generation Intel® Core™ processors, the new Aspire V Nitro Black Edition models (V Nitro 17 and V Nitro 15) and Aspire VX notebooks are ideal for people who like their videos crisp, games smooth and audio clear. Likewise, Aspire GX series desktop PCs are also ideal for users who are passionate about entertainment but appreciate expanded capabilities that their mobile cousins don’t offer. Aspire V Nitro Black Edition & Aspire VX Both notebook series come with up to a 7th Generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ processor that is designed to bring incredible performance and responsiveness, immersive 4K entertainment and longer battery life to mobile devices. The chipset is the perfect match for the notebooks’ equally impressive GPUs, the new NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 or 1050 Ti graphics(1). Whether a movie buff or a gamer, users will be able to fully enjoy the latest releases and titles without compromise. The Aspire V 17 Nitro Black Edition featuring a 17.3-inch display is available with optional integrated Tobii eye-tracking hardware, that when combined with touchpad gestures, enhances productivity and makes the device more responsive through the use of eye movements. Users are able to more quickly and conveniently navigate across apps and programs with a simple glance. Gaming is also enhanced with eye tracking, creating deeper immersion and allowing gamers to aim, shoot and explore freely using their eyes in more than 45 titles like Elite Dangerous, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and WATCH_DOGS 2™. The sleek Aspire V Nitro Black Edition models are the ideal device for those seeking high-quality entertainment on a notebook. Under the aluminum cover, Acer combined 7th Generation Intel Core processors to drive performance and the latest NVIDIA technologies, starting with up to a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card with 6GB of dedicated GDDR5 VRAM(1) and up to 16GB of DDR4 system memory, upgradable to 32GB using two soDIMM modules. They also come with an NVMe PCIe Gen3 or SATA SSD(1) and a HDD(1) of up to 2TB capacity for additional storage. The Aspire V Nitro incorporates Acer’s AeroBlade metal fan(1) to release thermal exhaust efficiently, while Coolboost™ technology allows users to manually control the cooling process when heavy use requires an added boost. The Aspire V Nitro notebooks also include DustDefender™, which uses dual high-speed fans with reverse rotation to remove dust build-up and improve heat dissipation. Connectivity comes in the form of a USB Type-C port with Thunderbolt™ 3 for speeds up to 40Gbps and support for dual 4K video output simultaneously, two USB 3.0 ports (one featuring power-off USB charging), two USB 2.0 ports and an HDMI connection. It connects wirelessly through 2×2 802.11ac MU-MIMO technology, while a Gigabit Ethernet port is available for wired connectivity needs. The new Aspire V Nitro notebooks come with a fingerprint sensor embedded in the top left corner of the Precision Touchpad. This enables Windows Hello, allowing secure and password-free sign-in with a touch of the finger. Users will revel in crystal clear visuals with the inclusion of an optional 4K (3840×2160) Ultra HD(1) display panel. Complementing the display is the inclusion of Acer Color Intelligence™, a system that dynamically adjusts gamma and saturation in real-time, optimizing screen color and brightness. The high-quality entertainment experience is also driven by the audio technologies featured on the Aspire V Nitro, including four speakers tuned with Dolby® Audio™ Premium and Acer TrueHarmony™ Plus technology. Acer TrueHarmony Plus delivers more accurate, clear sound reproduction and a wider bass range with an advanced paper cone speaker design framed by a foam material. Skype for Business Certification ensures people can communicate with crisp and lag-free quality, and also allows for clearer, higher quality audio and a great Cortana with Voice experience on Windows 10. The new Aspire VX 15 features large cooling vents and an edgy red chassis, clearly showing its determination for gaming. The iron red backlit keyboard makes sure gamers are always striking the right notes during gameplay, while also providing a hardcore look and feel without that hardcore price tag. The 5.5 lb (2.5kg) Aspire VX 15 boasts great visual clarity with a 15.6-inch Full HD IPS screen(2). It also comes with up to a 7th Generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ processor, offering significant improvements in performance over preceding generation processors, all the while providing lower battery consumption. The notebook also comes with up to NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti(1) graphics with GDDR5 VRAM (delivering up to 32GB/s bandwidth). Speed is also a notable attribute of the memory system, offering up to 16GB1 DDR4 memory out of the box and is user-upgradeable to a maximum of 32GB. Storage is provided by a 512GB SSD and 1TB HDD1. Keeping all this running at optimal temperatures are dual fans, installed to ensure however much it’s pushed during a gaming session, the machine is up to the task and will deliver super-smooth gameplay. That gameplay experience is further supplemented with high-definition audio with Dolby Audio Premium, as well as Acer TrueHarmony sound and Skype for Business certification. Aspire GX Series For those seeking out additional capabilities that only a desktop model can offer, Acer created the Aspire GX series desktop PC. These VR Ready(1) PCs come equipped with up to 7th Generation Intel Core processors, up to 64GB of DDR4 RAM, and up to NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics. What’s more, they’re capable of delivering stunning 4K(1) resolution visuals and support up to 41 displays at once for maximized gaming experiences. Also, there’s no shortage of storage with up to a 3TB(1) HDD and a 256GB SSD, and it sports a handy Wireless Charging Deck(1) for keeping users’ mobile devices powered up and ready to go. To top it all off, the GX series features a striking and edgy armor-inspired housing with front-facing LED lighting that emits a sinister red glow. Price and Availability The Acer Aspire V 15 Nitro Black Edition will be available in North America in February starting at $1,199; in EMEA in February with prices starting at €1,299; and in China in February starting at ¥8,999. The Acer Aspire V 17 Nitro Black Edition will be available in North America in February starting at $1,399; in EMEA in February with prices starting at €1,299; and in China in February starting at ¥8,999. The Acer Aspire VX 15 will be available in North America in January starting at $799; in EMEA in January with prices starting at €899; and in China in January starting at ¥5,499. The Aspire GX series will be available in North America in March starting at $899.99; in EMEA in February with prices starting at €799; and in China in February starting at ¥5,999. Exact specifications, prices, and availability will vary by region. To learn more about availability, product specifications and prices in specific markets, please contact your nearest Acer office via http://www.acer.com  About Acer Established in 1976, Acer is a hardware + software + services company dedicated to the research, design, marketing, sale, and support of innovative products that enhance people’s lives. Acer’s product offerings include PCs, displays, projectors, servers, tablets, smartphones and wearables. It is also developing cloud solutions to bring together the Internet of Things. Acer celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2016 and is one of the world’s top 5 PC companies. It employs 7,000 people worldwide and has a presence in over 160 countries. Please visit http://www.acer.com for more information. Media Contacts PanAm – Lisa Emard                        Tel: +1-949-471-7705    Email: lisa(dot)emard(at)acer(dot)com EMEA – Manuel Linnig                        Tel: +41 91 2610 522    Email: manuel(dot)linnig(at)acer(dot)com Corp./Asia – Steven Chung        Tel: +886-2-86913202    Email: steven(dot)h(dot)chung(at)acer(dot)com © 2017 Acer Inc. All rights reserved. Acer and the Acer logo are registered trademarks of Acer Inc. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. All offers subject to change without notice or obligation and may not be available through all sales channels. Prices listed are manufacturer suggested retail prices and may vary by location. Applicable sales tax extra. 1) Specifications may vary depending on region and/or model 2) All brands and product names mentioned herein include trademarks of their respective companies and are used solely to describe or identify the products Specifications may vary depending on region and/or model CategoriessatPRnews TagsBandwidth, Battery, Boost, Core, Design, Devices, Dust, GO, Internet, Memory, Mobile, RE, Resolution, Rotation, Sensor, Software, System, Tracking, Wireless Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Irdeto and Tata Elxsi Partner to Provide Secure In-Car Display Systems for Automobiles Next PostNext SHOM Launches New Website Featuring Various Services Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois January 16, 2017 Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas January 16, 2017 San Francisco Certified Auto Body Shop Collision Repair Service Update Launched January 16, 2017 Staten Island Magician Ventriloquist Birthday Party Magic Show Services Launched January 16, 2017 Clean and Clear Earns Esteemed 2016 Angie’s List Super Service Award January 16, 2017 Las Vegas MMA Personal Training Get Fit Gym CrossFit Problems Report Launched January 16, 2017 Mueller Sports Medicine Introduces Omniforce Support Garments January 16, 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 January 16, 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt January 16, 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer’s Care; Honor Legendary Coach January 16, 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 January 20173 January 2017 by BRIEF-Intel says to acquire 15 pct of mapping firm HERE Jan 3 Intel Corp * Intel says to acquire 15 percent ownership of mapping firm HERE * Intel and HERE say to collaborate on technology for autonomous vehicles and IoT Further company coverage: (Frankfurt Newsroom) ‘); $(‘.second-article-divide’).append($(‘.slider.slider-module’)); $(‘.third-article-divide’).append(‘Also In Company News’); var median = (relatedItemsTotal / 2); var $relatedContentGroupOne = $(‘.related-content.group-one ul’); var $relatedContentGroupTwo = $(‘.related-content.group-two ul’); $.each($relatedItems, function(k,v) { if Tagscompany Post navigation Previous PostPrevious BRIEF-Citigroup announces expiration, final tender results of offers to purchase specified series of outstanding notes Next PostNext MOVES-Willis Towers Watson appoints Susan Potter to lead its U.S. East region Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch 39 minutes ago Behold, the Xbox One S laptop! 2 hours ago Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 3 hours ago Here's some additional Switch content from Nintendo of Japan 4 hours ago View all recent news Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store 5 hours ago Skype for Linux Alpha gets updated to 1.15, adds autostart and start minimized features 19 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Bluetooth improvements are coming in the Windows 10 Creators Update Jan 14, 2017 View all Microsoft news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 19 hours ago YouTube "Super Chat" is a new way to support livestream comments Jan 14, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Google's internet drone Project Titan has come to an end Jan 14, 2017 View all Google news Apple's App Store experienced 60% growth, Google Play app revenue grew 82% in Q4 2016 19 hours ago 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 updates, Nintendo's gaming goodness, and all sorts of Androids Jan 14, 2017 Apple App Store anti-trust lawsuit brought back from the dead Jan 13, 2017 It's now possible to request an Uber ride directly from Google Maps Jan 13, 2017 View all Apple news Bulk Crap Uninstaller 3.6 Jan 13, 2017 AVG Anti-Virus Free 17.1.3006 Jan 12, 2017 Adobe Flash Player 24.0.0.194 Jan 12, 2017 Foxit Reader 8.2.0.2051 Jan 12, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank 3 hours ago Elephone S7 review: affordability has its drawbacks 16 hours ago A quick review of the MGCool Band 2 fitness tracker Jan 3, 2017 Thecus W2810PRO review, a NAS device running Windows Storage Server 2012 R2 Essentials Jan 1, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials First 24: Hands-on with Samsung's Gear S3 classic Nov 26, 2016 Spectre x360 (2016) unboxing and first impressions: HP may have a winner Nov 12, 2016 Alcatel IDOL 4S with Windows 10 unboxing and first impressions Nov 4, 2016 Unboxing the Lenovo Moto Z reveals some unexpected surprises Oct 21, 2016 View all unboxings Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Save 48% off this Zendure A8 26,800mAh QC3.0 Portable Battery Bank via Neowin Deals Jan 13, 2017 Get the Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle for just $49 via Neowin Deals Jan 12, 2017 Get this Professional Android Developer Bundle for just $39 via Neowin Deals Jan 11, 2017 Get this Fast Charging Qi Wireless Charging Stand for just $28.99 Jan 10, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ Acer announces portfolio of new PCs, 21-inch curved-screen Predator 21 X starting at $8,999 By Timi Cantisano News Reporter Neowin LLC @timicantisano · Jan 3, 2017 with 9 comments Lenovo isn't the only one with its eye on gaming and VR, as Acer has now announced a couple of new laptops and also refreshes to its existing portfolio just in time for CES. Aspire V Nitro Black Edition Acer has added two new laptops to its Aspire line with the Aspire V Nitro Black Edition and the Aspire VX. At its core, both series of laptops can be configured with up to a Intel Core i7-7700HQ processor and either an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 or 1050 graphics card. The system will arrive with 16GB DDR4 RAM by default but can be upgraded to 32GB. Lastly, the laptop will be available with either a NVMe PCIe Gen 3 or SATA SSD, with additional storage from an HDD that can be configured up to 2TB. Since it is running Windows 10, the Aspire V Nitro Black Edition will support Windows Hello with its fingerprint reader. There will also be a 17-inch model available, the Aspire V 17 Nitro Black Edition, with the optional Tobii eye-tracking module. As for pricing, the Aspire V 15 Nitro Black Edition and Aspire V 17 Nitro Black Edition will be available in North America, EMEA markets, and China in February. In the US the price of the V 15 will start at $1,199 with the V 17 starting at $1,399. In EMEA markets, the V 15 will start at €1,299, with the V 17 starting at €1,499 . Both of the aforementioned models will also be available in China in February starting at ¥8,999. Aspire VX 15 For those looking at something a bit more tame, the Aspire VX 15, might be a good option. The laptop offers Intel's Intel Core i7-7700HQ processor, 16GB DDR4 RAM standard with the ability to upgrade to 32GB and the option of upgrading to an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti graphics card. As for storage, the system will pack a 512GB SSD with a 1TB secondary HDD. The Aspire VX 15 will carry a bit friendlier of a price tag starting at $799 in the US, €899 in EMEA, and ¥5,499 in China and will be available in January. For those seeking a desktop, Acer has got you covered with their latest offering, the Aspire GX series PC. The setup will be similar to those laptop above with the added benefit of being able to configure a unit with up to 64GB DDR4 RAM and an NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics card. There is no mention of it being available in the US, but the Aspire GX will make its way to EMEA markets and China, starting at €799 and ¥5,999 respectively. Predator 21 X Although this laptop was announced previously in the summer, Acer has finally added the important details of price and availability to its curved-screen laptop, the Predator 21 X. As expected, the laptop will come with a hefty price tag, with those in North America paying at least $8,999 and for those in the EMEA, it will be offered at a starting price of €9,999. The laptop will be available in February in both regions. Not to be forgotten, Acer will also be updating its Predator 17 X, offering the latest from Intel and NVIDIA. Like its larger 21-inch counterpart, the 17 X will offer the option of upgrading to the latest Intel Core i7-7820HK processor and can be configured with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080. The US and EMEA will get first dibs on the Predator 17 X as it will debut in both regions in January, although the price tag won't be cheap. The refreshed laptop will start at $2,599 in the US and €2,999 in EMEA. The laptop will make its debut a month later in China with a starting price of ¥39,999. Source: Windows Tags Acer Acer predator 21 x Predator 21 x Aspire v nitro black edition Aspire vx Aspire v 17 nitro black editio Aspire v 15 nitro black editio Aspire vx 15 Aspire gx series Aspire gx Predator 17 x Ces Ces 2017 Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Previous Story Lenovo's new $55 handheld keyboard doubles as a touchpad with Windows 10 gesture support Next Story HP launches the second generation of its innovative Sprout Pro Windows 10 PC Advertisement Community Activity Refresh How to backup data & OS when swapping HDD with SSD in Hardware Hangout Nintendo might have a solution for migrating previous purchases to the Switch in Front Page News Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore in Front Page News Xiaomi Redmi Pro review: Dual camera and 10 cores without breaking the bank in Front Page News To upgrade or not upgrade... in Hardware Hangout Acer's Liquid Jade Primo Windows phone disappears from the US Microsoft Store in Front Page News The Clinton Foundation Is Shutting Down The Clinton Global Initiative in Real World Issues Trump will to recognize Crimea to Russia in Real World Issues Trending Stories Here's the complete list of all confirmed games for the Nintendo Switch Jan 14, 2017 with 17 comments Philippine government blocks Pornhub and other adult websites Jan 14, 2017 with 42 comments This Weekend's PC Game Deals - There's a fix for every gamer in the current winter sale 11 hours ago with 5 comments Xiaomi won't release sales figures anymore Jan 14, 2017 with 3 comments Related Stories CES 2017: Hands-on with Huawei's $1500 Porsche Design Mate 9 Jan 9, 2017 Interview: Naughty America's CIO talks about augmented reality porn, HoloLens, 8K, and more Jan 9, 2017 CES 2017: Need some smart sex toys to track your orgasms? OhMiBod has you covered Jan 8, 2017 CES 2017: Samsung's booth has 8K TVs, smart refrigerators, and more Jan 8, 2017 deals VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $29.99 94% off Pay What You Want: White Hat Hacker 2017 Bundle $1,271.00 $1.00 100% off VPNSecure: Lifetime Subscription $450.00 $39.00 91% off Scrivener for Windows $40.00 $20.00 50% off Oracle Database 12c Administration Training Bundle $2,065.00 $49.00 98% off Show Comments 9 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
Fan werden Mobil DAX: 11.629 +0,9% ESt50: 3.324 +1,2% TDax: 1.841 +0,6% Dow: 19.886 -0,0% Nas: 5.574 +0,5% Nikkei: 19.112 -0,9% Euro: 1,0619 -0,0% Öl: 55,66 +0,1% Gold: 1.204 +0,5% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Depot eröffnen Favoriten Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Press Release: Intel to Acquire 15 Percent Ownership of HERE 03.01.2017 19:31 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Press Release: Intel to Acquire 15 Percent Ownership of HERE FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben indizes in diesem Artikel NASDAQ Composite Index5.574,1 0,5% Charts News Analysen Top Themen Heute Silvio Berlusconi: Verbittert, aber weiterhin kampfeslustigDie 10 teuersten Aktien der Welt 2017Aktienfonds: Hier sind Anleger genau richtig! HERE / Intel to Acquire 15 Percent Ownership of HERE . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement. Companies to Collaborate on Technology for Autonomous Vehicles and IoT NEWS HIGHLIGHTS -- Intel is acquiring a 15 percent ownership stake in HERE, a global provider of digital maps and location-based services for automotive and the Internet of Things (IoT). -- Companies plan to jointly develop a highly scalable proof-of-concept architecture that supports real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly and fully automated driving as well as explore opportunities in IoT and machine learning. -- HERE will add Intel's nominee to its Supervisory Board of Directors when the transaction closes, which is expected in the first quarter of 2017. SANTA CLARA, Calif., and Eindhoven, Netherlands, January 3, 2017 - Intel has agreed to purchase a 15 percent ownership stake in HERE, a global provider of digital maps and location-based services, from HERE's current indirect shareholders: AUDI AG, BMW AG, and Daimler AG. In conjunction with Intel's acquisition of a stake in HERE, the two companies also signed an agreement to collaborate on the research and development of a highly scalable proof-of-concept architecture that supports real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly and fully automated driving. Additionally, the two companies plan to jointly explore strategic opportunities that result from enriching edge-computing devices with location data. "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO. "We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future." "A real-time, self-healing and high definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms," said Edzard Overbeek, HERE CEO. "As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate HERE's ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected." The proof-of-concept architecture HERE and Intel plan to deliver will be designed to help make autonomous driving as safe and predictable as possible. For example, today's navigation technology can pinpoint a car's location to within meters, but next generation, HD mapping supports localization to within centimeters. This will help vehicles precisely position themselves on the roadway to enable reliable autonomous driving functionality. HERE HD Live Map, HERE's cloud service supporting vehicle automation, gives vehicles the ability to "see" obstacles beyond their immediate field of vision and receive real-time updates as environments change due to traffic, road conditions and other factors. Intel will also work with AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG to test the architecture. Intel and HERE envision making the architecture broadly available across the automotive industry as a seamlessly integrated offering that simplifies and shortens time of development for automakers. A Shared Commitment to Autonomous Machines Intel is positioned to provide a secure, flexible and scalable technology foundation for the future of autonomous driving from the vehicle to the data center. Intel's assets span: high performance and flexible, in-vehicle computing; robust cloud and machine-learning solutions; and high speed wireless connectivity. In addition to furthering Intel's efforts in autonomous driving, the next generation location services that result from this collaboration can fuel the continued growth of cloud computing and the Internet of Things. HERE is a private company, which is indirectly wholly owned by AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG. HERE is a global provider of embedded navigation solutions. By working with Intel, HERE aims to offer automakers a universal solution that reduces both complexity and long-term development costs. Intel also provides expertise in developing and optimizing hardware, which will be fundamental to moving cloud-based algorithms to in-vehicle architectures. This same expertise will support HERE's strategy to connect multiple industries beyond automotive, such as in Internet of Things where location algorithms and location-based services are increasingly becoming embedded into connected devices. Intel and HERE intend to explore other potential collaborative opportunities spanning next-generation cloud analytics, IoT applications, machine learning, augmented reality and more. Transaction Details and Timing: The transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, after obtaining regulatory approvals. Intel will nominate Doug Davis, senior vice president and general manager of the Automated Driving Group (ADG) at Intel to HERE's Supervisory Board of directors once the transaction is completed. About Intel Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) expands the boundaries of technology to make the most amazing experiences possible. Information about Intel can be found at newsroom.intel.com http://newsroom.intel.com/ and intel.com http://www.intel.com/ . About HERE HERE, the Open Location Platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. By making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes - from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to guiding drivers to their destination safely. To learn more about HERE, including our new generation of cloud-based location platform services, visit http://360.here.com and www.here.com. Intel and the Intel logo are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the United States and other countries. *Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others. CONTACTS: Cara Walker Intel Media Relations +1 503-696-0831 cara.walker@intel.com Mark Henninger Intel Investor Relations +1 (408) 653 9944 mark.h.henninger@intel.com James Etheridge HERE Media Relations +49 1511 0041241 james.etheridge@here.com Dr. Sebastian Kurme HERE Media Relations +49 173 515 3549 Sebastian.kurme@here.com Press Release in PDF format: http://hugin.info/171640/R/2068636/776903.pdf This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: HERE via Globenewswire --- End of Message --- HERE Invalidenstraße 116 Berlin Germany http://360.here.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires    January 03, 2017 13:01 ET (18:01 GMT)- - 01 01 PM EST 01-03-17 FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Mehr zum Thema NASDAQ Composite Index mehr 15.01.17 Apple Inc. Supplier Readying for Ramp-Up of New 10-Nanometer Tech 15.01.17 Apple Inc. Supplier Readying for Ramp-Up of New 10-Nanometer Tech 15.01.17 3 Things to Look for When Netflix Inc. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings 15.01.17 3 Things to Look for When Netflix Inc. Reports Fourth-Quarter Earnings 15.01.17 Keine digitale Leia in künftigen Star-Wars-Filmen 15.01.17 The US Is Headed To A Pivotal Socio-Economic Crisis 15.01.17 Al Hamra offers properties to own for AED 3,300 per month 15.01.17 Android-Entwicker Andy Rubin plant High-End-Smartphone Newssuche GO Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: Viermal klicken und gewinnen im Januar Commerzbank: Fundamentaler Jahresausblick 2017 verpasst?  Hier die Aufzeichnung ansehen! DekaBank: Wochenvorschau vom 16. Januar 2017 bis 22. Januar 2017 HSBC: DAX®: Bollinger-Bänder mahnen zur Vorsicht! UBS: Daimler AG: Anstieg der Volatilität könnte Vorbote einer Korrektur sein DZ BANK  SAP: intakter Wachstumskurs, Aktienrückkaufprogramm erwartet Vontobel: Attraktive Discount-Zertifikate ING Markets: DAX - Für wen wird das ein Freitag, der 13.? Anzeige Technologieaktien: Drei Möglichkeiten, um vom Trend "Digitale Fabrik" zu profitieren! Die vierte industrielle Revolution ist im vollen Gange und verändert, vom Großteil der Gesellschaft völlig unbemerkt, bereits die Produktionsabläufe in den großen, industriellen Hallen. Wir zeigen Ihnen in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins drei Möglichkeiten, wie Sie in den kommenden Monaten und Jahren von dem Zukunftstrend "Digitale Fabrik" profitieren können.Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zum NASDAQ Composite Index Snapshot Performance Chart (groß) Hoch/Tief Historisch Seit 1971 Chartanalyse HV-Termine Marktberichte Dividenden Analysen   News von Sieben Mal Kaufen: Diese Papiere gehören in jedes Depot 29 ganz persönliche Ideen für 2017 - Unsere Tipps für Ihr Geld Apple-Aktie, Google und Co.: Die wertvollsten Unternehmen der Welt und welche davon ins Depot gehören Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Reich mit Plan: Die besten ETF-Sparpläne für 2017 News von Wie unterschiedliche Nationalitäten ihr Geld ausgeben Weil er seinen Klempner reich machte: Investmentbanker zu Haftstrafe verurteilt Snapchat-Millionär auf jahrelanger Weltreise verrät, warum er noch keinen Cent ausgegeben hat UEFA warnt: Der FC Bayern wird zu reich und mächtig Es gibt nur 27 Filme, die mehr als eine Milliarde Dollar eingespielt haben - das sind sie Heute im Fokus DAX schließt mit Gewinnen -- Dow Jones schließt kaum verändert -- JPMorgan verdient so viel wie noch nie -- Bank of America steigert Gewinn -- Deutsche Bank, Wells Fargo, Nintendo im Fokus US-Strafe ohne unmittelbare Auswirkung auf VW-Ratings. Takata zahlt Milliardenstrafe im Airbag-Skandal. Steigender Ölpreis dürfte Investitionen der Energiekonzerne ankurbeln. Soros hat seit dem Trump-Sieg eine Milliarde Dollar verloren. Türkische Zeitung macht Deutsche Bank zu einer Schuldigen am Lira-Verfall. NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 03:03 Uhr Saarbrücker Zeitung: Zahl der Solo-Selbstständigen deutlich gestiegen - Viele leben zusätzlich von Hartz IV 03:00 Uhr Silvio Berlusconi: Verbittert, aber weiterhin kampfeslustig 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Raffelhüschen nennt Ost-West-Rentenangleichung &quot;ungerecht&quot; 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Bosbach &quot;überrascht&quot; von Steinbachs CDU-Austritt 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: Fall Amri: Grüne skeptisch gegenüber Untersuchungsausschuss 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: DIHK-Chef Schweitzer: Deutsche Unternehmen durch Situation in USA &quot;stark verunsichert&quot; 02:03 Uhr Rheinische Post: DIHK-Chef Schweitzer: Deutsche Unternehmen durch Situation in USA &quot;stark verunsichert&quot; 02:03 Uhr Saarbrücker Zeitung: CSU-Innenexperte Uhl verteidigt Steinbach für Merkel-Kritik Top-Rankings Die 10 teuersten Aktien 2017Diese 10 Aktien kann sich nicht jeder Investor leistenJetzt durchklicken KW 2: Analysten-Tops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Kauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Unter 20.000 Euro: Die günstigsten Autos 2017So günstig kommt an an 4 Räder?Jetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Die weltweit besten Tech-Aktien 2016So haben sich Apple, SAP, Zalando und Co. entwickeltJetzt durchklicken Die mächtigsten Menschen der Welt 2016 Wer hat die größte Macht?Jetzt durchklicken Das sind die schlimmsten Steueroasen Hier zahlen Unternehmen so gut wie keine SteuernJetzt durchklicken Reich durch Musik: Diese Musiker haben 2016 am meisten verdientJetzt durchklicken Kohle satt Das sind die bestbezahlten Sportler aller ZeitenJetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage In der Großen Koalition geht der Streit um die Sicherheitspolitik weiter. Sollten die Gesetze verschärft werden? Ja, definitiv. Härtere Gesetze bringen gar nichts. Erst mal sollten bestehende Regeln auch umgesetzt werden. AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net!Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:Alle 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox Beliebte Suchen DAX 30 Öl Euro US-Dollar Goldpreis Meistgesucht Deutsche Bank AG 514000 Daimler AG 710000 Scout24 AG A12DM8 Volkswagen AG Vz. (VW AG) 766403 E.ON SE ENAG99 BASF BASF11 Allianz 840400 Apple Inc. 865985 Deutsche Telekom AG 555750 BMW AG 519000 AMD Inc. (Advanced Micro Devices) 863186 adidas AG A1EWWW Siemens AG 723610 Commerzbank CBK100 Amazon.com Inc. 906866
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Intel is acquiring an ownership stake in navigation company HERE Brittany A. Roston - Jan 3, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Intel has announced plans to acquire a 15-percent ownership stake in HERE, the navigation company. HERE provides a navigation app not unlike Google Maps, and its data is used for relevant technology, including IoT services and automotive applications. This transaction, says Intel, is expected to close in the first quarter of this year, after which point Intel’s nominee will be added to the company’s Supervisory Board of Directors. HERE has been a hot item for a while, at one point seeming likely for a full sale, though that didn’t come to fruition. Instead, Intel will soon have a significant stake in the company, something that will be joined by a signed collaboration agreement for R&D purposes. This research and development will center around an effort to create a architecture proof-of-concept for real-time HD map updates. This, as you probably guessed, will be used for autonomous driving of various sorts, enabling vehicles to navigate public roads using GPS and high-quality map data. Said Intel CEO Brian Krzanich: Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world’s most intelligent, connected devices. We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future. This so-called next-generation mapping Intel and HERE will develop will enable unspecified navigation tech to pinpoint a vehicle’s location with ‘within centimeters’ rather than meters, says Intel. This is essential for precisely positioning among autonomous cars, and will help increase the safety of these vehicles, among other things. Daimler AG, Audi AG, and BMW AG have all been tapped to test this HD mapping architecture. SOURCE: Intel Story Timeline Intel details major AI push: Nervana platform, Google alliance and more Major layoffs signal Intel's departure from wearables Amazon and Intel team up against Google in IoT Tags BusinessHEREIntel Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel officially reveals the latest and greatest desktop CPUs Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share We all knew Intel’s new Kaby Lake generation of processors would hit desktops sooner rather than later, and it appears the company chose today as the day to officially show off its newest benchmark-crushing chips. The new processors are built with modern computing tasks in mind, like 4K video streaming and virtual reality gaming, and early reviews suggest that Intel has a solid release on its hands.  Don't Miss: Can the iPhone 8 compete with a Galaxy S8 that looks like this? Intel’s new top-of-the-line offering is the i7-7700k. It’s an unlocked processor with a base clock of 4.2GHz and a boost clock of 4.5GH. That bests the previous generation’s go-to gaming chip, the 6700k, which clocked in at 4.0GHz with a 4.2GHz boost clock, much to the chagrin of hard-t0-please enthusiasts. For the purposes of comparison, Intel pitted the 7700k against the 4770k, which was part of the fourth generation of chips. The company says that the new processor is 35% faster than the fourth generation model when it comes to 4K, 360-degree video. Lower on the totem pole are the new i5-7600k and the i3-7350k (a rare unlocked dual-core processor). All show marked improvements over their predecessors in early reviews, with AnandTech’s benchmark testing showing the chips falling largely where they should in terms of gains over Intel’s sixth generation. The 7700k seems to handily best the 6700k in all computing tasks, and pales in comparison only to the Broadwell-E processors in certain circumstances due to the latter’s larger number of cores. However, if you’re already running a fifth or sixth generation i7 or even an i5, there’s a good chance your performance gains will be modest at best. Compared to the 4770k, these chips are beasts, but they’re only marginally better than their immediate predecessors. As for pricing, the chips should reach retail at somewhere below the $350 price point, unless of course the PC industry’s habit of price gouging rears its ugly head as it has with Intel launches in the past. If that does indeed happen, you’re best off waiting until things calm down a bit and picking up a chip at the more reasonable price point. Trending right now: CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things Can the iPhone 8 compete with a Galaxy S8 that looks like this? First details surrounding Samsung’s Galaxy Note 8 just leaked See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today CES 2017 January 3 - 8, 2017 | Sands Expo and Convention Center, Las Vegas, NV News Articles Hardware Battlefield Judges Hardware Battlefield Competition Broadcast Agenda Video Automotive Fiat Chrysler under investigation by U.S. Justice Department over emissions Tesla update rolls back speed limit cap for Autopilot on undivided roadways Naver will soon begin testing self-driving cars on Korean roads Browse more... Intel Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ Intel shows off new Project Alloy headset for “merged reality”, to ship in Q4 BMW, Intel and Mobileye will put 40 self-driving test cars on roads in 2017 Browse more... autonomous cars Consider ethics when designing new technologies Uber’s self-driving cars put cyclists at risk, warns bike advocate group Google has reportedly stopped developing its own self-driving car Browse more... mapping Waze and Esri make app-to-infrastructure possible DroneDeploy raises $20 million to help any business put drones to work Google Maps gets a cleaner look and starts highlighting areas of interest Browse more... here Crunch Report | Intel Buys 15% of Here Mapping Business Here and Microsoft extend mapping deal, expanding into connected car data Crunch Report | Facebook’s Election Hub Browse more... Intel confirms 15% stake in mapping business Here to work on autonomous car tech Posted Jan 3, 2017 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Acer’s new rugged Chromebook 11 N7 is designed to withstand drops and drinks Here, the mapping and location services company once owned by Nokia and sold for €2.5 billion to a car-maker consortium of Audi, BMW and Daimler in 2015, is picking up a new investor today. Chipmaker Intel has confirmed that it is taking a 15 percent stake in the business, which it will use to develop autonomous positioning systems (powered with Intel Inside). The companies are not disclosing the value of the stake, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. At Here’s sale price in 2015, the stake would be worth $390 million in today’s currency. “Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world’s most intelligent, connected devices,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, in a statement. “We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future.” “A real-time, self-healing and high definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms,” said Edzard Overbeek, Here CEO, in a statement. “As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate HERE’s ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected.” The news follows a morning of speculation after it was reported that Intel had applied to Germany’s Cartel Office to approve the investment. It comes about a week after Singapore’s GIC, Tencent and NavInfo together agreed to take a 10% stake of Here. (That was a deal that was months and months in the making: NavInfo and Tencent had been in the running to acquire Here outright before the car consortium acquired it.) Here is also working closely with Microsoft, which acquired other parts of Nokia and has been in an extended licensing agreement for location data as part of that transaction. This is Intel’s latest — but not first — investment in automotive. Cars are a big area for the chipmaker as it looks to make sure that it has a place at the table for its processors in the next generation of computing devices, and connected cars have shaped up to be one of the chief targets. This week, the auto industry will especially be in the spotlight because of the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas — where cars have been growing in prominence as the “gadget of tomorrow” alongside computers, phones, washing machines, and more. Intel’s other auto moves have included acquiring Itseez and Yogitech for safety and navigation functionalities in autonomous cars; a commitment of at least $250 million to the space; keeping a strong presence at auto shows, and in November launching a dedicated autonomous driving group. (Doug Davis, who heads that group, will now sit on Here’s board.) With the Here investment, the plan is to design and deliver proof-of-concept architecture to improve driving safety and predictability. Part of this will be to raise the accuracy of mapping data on Here: Today, locations can be mapped to an accuracy of of meters but the aim is to bring that down to centimeters in HD mapping technology — essential in self-driving systems where cars are navigating themselves on roads and needing to be more precise with their positioning in real-time. Part of the deal will also include Intel working with Here’s other majority owners, Audi, BMW and Daimler to test its architecture. Intel and Here both say Intel will also work with AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG to test the architecture, it said, and eventually offer it to other carmakers. “Intel and HERE envision making the architecture broadly available across the automotive industry as a seamlessly integrated offering that simplifies and shortens time of development for automakers.” Latest from CES 2017 More CES 2017 BMW's prototype 5 series drives us around ZBoard is an electric skateboard that Two of Razer’s crazy concept laptops were Check out the real world version of the Check out Delphi's multi-layer in-car 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2017 Ford CEO Mark Fields on mobility services Take a ride with us in a self-driving Audi Q7 At 50 years, CES is a show in transition Amazon and Nvidia won CES this year 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel HERE Founded 2012 Overview HERE, the Open Location Platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. By making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes – from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to delivering drivers to their destination safely. To learn more about HERE, including our … Location Chicago, IL Categories Geospatial, Location Based Services, Navigation Website http://here.com Full profile for HERE Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes autonomous cars mapping here Intel Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 5 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 13 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch The year in analytics 1 hour ago | Sameer Al-Sakran Start thinking like a startup 5 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 6 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 9 hours ago | Jim Glade Comment moderation powered by Up Next Acer’s new rugged Chromebook 11 N7 is designed to withstand drops and drinks Posted Jan 3, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Start thinking like a startup 5 hours ago by Mona Bijoor WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes The year in analytics 1 hour ago by Sameer Al-Sakran Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 9 hours ago by Jim Glade Hands-on with the Nintendo Switch Jan 13, 2017 by Brian Heater Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 12 hours ago by Matt Heiman Udacity launches deep learning nanodegree foundation program Jan 13, 2017 by John Mannes SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • In the lab: Intel's Core i3-7350K CPU [135] • Consumer Reports retests MacBook Pro after a talk with Apple [110] • Kaby Lake Pentiums gain Hyper-Threading and lose ECC support [87] • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPUs to launch before March 3 [74] Hot forum threads • Rogue One • Dying router, suggestions to replace? • Putting old monitors to use • Odd Laptop Networking Failure Single page Print MSI's Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon motherboard reviewed A new generation rises by Mark Nelson  11:00 AM on January 3, 2017 Intel's desktop Kaby Lake CPUs have arrived. Alongside the processors themselves, Intel is also releasing the 200-series chipsets to ride shotgun. The Z270 platform caters to enthusiast builders, and like the Kaby Lake CPUs themselves, Z270 offers builders some minor improvements over Z170 before it. The biggest upgrade for the Z270 chipset comes from the addition of four more PCIe Gen3 lanes. This allows the chipset to support up to 24 general purpose PCIe lanes, compared to 20 in the Z170. The "up to" qualifier exists because the motherboard maker is given some degree of flexibility with how it wants to allocate the chipset's flexible I/O lanes. Some of the lanes that can be used for PCI Express could be multiplexed with USB 3.0 and SATA ports. A motherboard could be designed to give consumers the maximum number of PCIe lanes for expansion cards, or the designer could swing the pendulum the other direction to maximize the number of USB 3.0 ports. Or, mobo makers could settle on a happy mid-point. Point is: mobo makers have options. Another advantage of the Z270 over its predecessor is the ability to support Intel's new Optane Memory caching products. While it remains to be seen what the first round of products sporting 3D XPoint memory will look like, only the combination of Kaby Lake CPUs and 200-series motherboards will be Optane Memory ready. One thing that hasn't changed is that the Z270 chipset itself is connected to the processor using the same four Gen3 PCIe lanes that make up the DMI link that we saw with the Z170. This provides for up to 32Gb/s (4GB/s) of bandwidth, which is far outstripped by the potential bandwidth of the chipset's 30 flexible I/O lanes. This is unlikely to change until we see a DMI link composed of Gen4 PCI Express lanes. For those feeling the bandwidth pinch, there's always Intel's high-end desktop platform built around Broadwell-E, with up to 40 on-die Gen3 PCIe lanes. The Z270 platform also gives us some welcome enthusiast-friendly features, like the ability to split the processor's sixteen Gen3 PCIe lanes across multiple slots for multi-GPU graphics configs. The Z270 also offers full control over the processor's various knobs and dials, allowing overclockers to tweak to their hearts' content. It's worth pointing out that both the new Kaby Lake processors as well as previous-generation Skylake CPUs can be used in the new Z270-based boards, thanks to the two chips sharing a common LGA1151 socket. We've also seen motherboard makers release firmware updates for existing 100-series boards to support Kaby Lake CPUs, so a new 200-series motherboard is not a requirement for running the latest and greatest silicon. With that general introduction out of the way, one of the first 200-series motherboards we're looking at is MSI's Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon. The Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon fits into MSI's "Performance Gaming" product segment. Like the rest of the Carbon models, it features a rear I/O cluster shroud and heatsinks with carbon-fiber-patterned accents. The plastic shroud is held on by two screws, so if you're not a fan of the look, you can simply remove those screws, disconnect the LED cable, and leave the shroud in the box. The full-sized ATX board sports a very blacked-out look, with only a smattering of silver highlights along the expansion slots and across the heatsinks decorating the matte black PCB. If it weren't for the Audio Boost logo on the EMI shield covering the codec and the nickel accents from the nearby caps, the board would be living in a monochromatic world. The back of the board shows that all the heatsinks are held firmly in place with screws rather than push-pins. Screws not only ensure better heatsink contact with the components beneath, but they also give the board a more premium feel. We can also see certification logos for SteelSeries gaming peripherals, Nahimic audio software, CrossFire, and SLI. If you were hoping to show those logos off in your build, you're probably going to be out of luck. The underside of the board also gives us a good look at the RGB LEDs running along the left hand side and down the isolated audio section. These provide the ground effects for MSI's lighting system, which the company calls Mystic Light. As four out of five gaming hardware designers know, the presence of LEDs will make your processor's transistors switch faster and with more vigor. For those folks willing to risk running their systems dark, all of the lighting can thankfully be disabled. The two VRM heatsinks conceal the Pro Carbon's 11 digitally-controlled power phases. Just as with Intel's Skylake processors, Kaby Lake once again puts the responsibility of CPU voltage regulation in the motherboard maker's hands. Given that Kaby Lake shares the existing LGA1151 platform with Skylake, this should come as no surprise. We'll have to wait for a future generation of processors to see if the fully-integrated voltage regulator (FIVR) that was introduced with Haswell chips and improved upon in Broadwell CPUs will be seen again. Since 200-series boards sport the familiar LGA1151 socket, which itself maintains support for existing LGA1150 cooler mounting mechanisms, we're able to keep using our trusty Nepton 240M from Cooler Master. This closed-loop liquid cooler has a beefy copper block with a tendency to run afoul of capacitor banks located close to the CPU socket. Unfortunately, the Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon has just such a row of capacitors, located north of the CPU socket in the picture above. Those caps prevent the block from making sufficient contact with the CPU's heat spreader, nixing two of the cooler's four possible orientations as workable options. Thankfully, both the DDR4 DIMM slots and the VRM heatsinks are far enough away from the socket  that the block can be mounted in the remaining two orientations without a hitch. MSI recommends installing DIMMs in the furthest slot of each bank first, so builders will only need to use the slot closest to the CPU socket if they're installing four DIMMs. We can't check for compatbility with all possible coolers, so we've provided some measurements below to help you figure out which components can safely fit together on the board: Four fan headers are situated within easy reach of the CPU socket: one CPU fan headers, one liquid cooling pump fan header, and two system fan headers. MSI tells us that the pump header can supply up to 2A of current. There's also a healthy amount of room between the CPU socket and the topmost PCIe x16 slot, thanks to the M.2 slot located where the first expansion slot would normally reside on other boards. The Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon serves up three PCIe x16 slots. When one graphics card is installed, all sixteen of the processor's Gen3 PCIe lanes are routed to the left-most silver slot. Those wanting to partake in some dual-GPU fun should use the two silver slots. With two cards installed, each will get eight Gen3 PCIe lanes from the CPU. Four ASMedia ASM1480 multiplexers are responsible for routing the PCIe lanes between the two silver x16 slots. You can spot them above the left-most PCIe x1 slots. Peppered around those three x16 PCIe slots are three x1 slots. All three x1 slots are always enabled and always fed with a single Gen3 lane from the chipset. Similarly, the black x16 slot at right in the picture above is always enabled and supplied with four Gen3 chipset lanes. Without the use of third-party PCI Express switch chips, a Kaby Lake or Skylake chip riding atop the Z270 platform provides enough PCIe lanes for two-way SLI setups. MSI fully supports this configuration with the Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon. AMD's CrossFire multi-GPU implementation has more lenient bandwidth requirements that let the third chipset-driven PCIe slot above join in the fun. That said, we usually recommend going for the fastest single graphics card you can afford before stepping up to more exotic multi-GPU setups. The silver cladding on the two primary PCI Express x16 slots isn't just for show. MSI has reinforced the PCIe slots with metal shrouds that are soldered to the board at multiple points. This setup should help to prevent damage to the slots if you're transporting a system that has a massive video card installed, although we'd always recommend stowing heavy expansion cards separately. An indicator LED rests under the locking mechanism of each PCIe x16 slot. When the slot is populated with a device that is using all 16 lanes, like a single GPU installed in the left-most slot, the LED glows red. If the slot is populated with a device that's using a lesser number of lanes, say 8, 4, or 1, the LED glows white. If it's not populated with an expansion card the LED doesn't illuminate. That's a lot of words. Here's a diagram of the Pro Carbon's expansion slots and the connectivity options for each: The Z270 Gaming Pro Carbon's expansion slot layout can handle something as wild as a pair of triple-slot video cards. It's worth pointing out that this doesn't leave any PCIe expansion slots free. In more typical multi-GPU setups, installing a pair of double-slot cards will still allow access to one of the PCIe x1 slots and the four-lane PCIe x16 slot; both of which can be used at the same time. Now, on to the board's storage subsystem. Tags: Motherboards Previous page | Next page Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - Storage, audio, lighting, and the little things Page 3 - Firmware Page 4 - Utilities as far as the eye can see Page 5 - Overclocking Page 6 - Performance, Power consumption Page 7 - Detailed specifications, Our testing methods Page 8 - Conclusions 10 comments — Last by tay at 2:02 PM on 01/13/17 Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Biostar's Z270 boards race to the finish 17 Google RAISR upsamples thumbnails for massive bandwidth savings 42 Synology RT2600ac offers up speedy Wi-Fi and tight controls 4 Deals of the week: a gaming monitor and system components 14 Nintendo reveals Switch launch date, pricing, and initial line-up 47 Consumer Reports approves MacBook Pros after retesting 37 Report: Desktop PC market shows signs of stabilization 9 Chnano RGB LED gloves put some flash on your fingers 42 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 pre-flight warnings to end 15 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS derFunkenstein So they should never have reported that they're getting poor, hugely-varying results and instead hide inconvenient facts for Apple's sake? +58 Losergamer04 Thanks for all of the hard work you put in at CES. That's a lot of articles in a... +44 Glorious They stuck to their methodology. The same methodology they use for all other lap... +42 bthylafh Now how about you quit advertising to me from within Windows? +39 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • In the lab: Intel's Core i3-7350K CPU [135] • Consumer Reports retests MacBook Pro after a talk with Apple [110] • Kaby Lake Pentiums gain Hyper-Threading and lose ECC support [87] • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPUs to launch before March 3 [74] Hot forum threads • Rogue One • Dying router, suggestions to replace? • Putting old monitors to use • Odd Laptop Networking Failure Single page Print Intel's Core i7-7700K 'Kaby Lake' CPU reviewed Heavy lies the crown by Jeff Kampman  11:00 AM on January 3, 2017 It's tough to be at the top of your game. The Tiger Woodses, Roger Federers, and Lebron Jameses of the world can blaze all the paths they want, set all the records, break all the barriers, force the invention of new metaphors for pushing the bounds of what's possible. They win and win and win some more. Eventually, though, even the best and brightest have to stumble—or, at least, plateau. About six years ago to this day, Intel launched the brilliant Sandy Bridge family of CPUs to universal acclaim. Clock for clock, Sandy Bridge redefined desktop performance by every measure we cared to test. Folks building new PCs in 2011 had ample reason to retire even their Nehalem and Lynnfield PCs in favor of Sandy Bridge. Overclockers enjoyed plenty of "free" headroom from K-series Sandy CPUs with modest aftermarket coolers on top. Life was very, very good. Intel followed Sandy Bridge with Ivy Bridge, the process-advance "tick" to Sandy's architectural "tock." While Ivy delivered some under-the-hood improvements to Sandy's microarchitecture and its instructions-per-clock throughput, the big changes on the third-generation Core chips came in the integrated-graphics and power-efficiency departments as Intel began chasing thin-and-light notebooks with vigor. Enthusiasts with Sandy Bridge CPUs still ended up sitting pretty when Ivy came around. Intel's third-generation Core chips proved less-forgiving overclockers than their forebears, and their performance improvements on the desktop weren't overwhelming compared to Sandy. Meanwhile, AMD's ambitious Bulldozer architecture failed to demolish Sandy Bridge Core i5s, much less the Core i7-2600K. Even with AMD's subsequent refinements, Bulldozer's derivatives never quite matched the killer combo of single-threaded performance, power efficiency, and gaming competence that Intel delivered with tick-tock regularity. The potent Radeon integrated graphics in AMD APUs did little to capture the enthusiast imagination, either. As Intel continued to perfect its microarchitectures and fabrication processes, the Haswell, Broadwell, and Skylake architectures each brought progressively more modest single-threaded performance improvements with them. The Skylake Core i7-6700K, Intel's most recent mainstream desktop range-topper, is one of the finest all-around CPUs ever made, and its only peers come from past generations of Core i7s. With that long line of winners, AMD's perennial struggles with its CPUs and APUs, and the maddeningly difficult pursuit of smaller process technologies industry-wide, Intel's processors have enjoyed more-or-less complete domination of the PC in recent years. How many among us can say they have nothing left to beat but their own past successes? Indeed, when you're doing so well, what's the motivation to stick your neck out even further and perhaps overplay your hand? The quad-core Kaby Lake die. Source: Intel And that brings us to this morning. Even in light of the slowing pace of per-clock performance improvements from Intel, the Core i7-7700K CPU that's launching today feels like the company's least-ambitious desktop chip in quite some time. From dispatch to retirement, the i7-7700K's basic Kaby Lake CPU core is identical to Skylake's. Aside from some improvements in its fixed-function video engines to efficiently handle 4K video encoded with the next-gen HEVC and VP9 video codecs, Kaby's integrated graphics are largely a carry-over from the Gen9 IGP technology on Skylake chips, too. Womp. The Skylake Core i5-6600K (left) and the Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K (right) Basically every item on our wish list for Kaby was dashed during Intel's Kaby Lake introduction earlier this year at IDF. No, there will be no eDRAM for socketed Kaby Lake CPUs. No, VESA Adaptive-Sync still hasn't been integrated into the Kaby Lake IGP. So on and so forth. If you were hoping for some revolutionary architectural change from Intel to mark the seventh generation of Core processors and put the last nail in Sandy Bridge's coffin, well, Kaby Lake ain't it. i5-6600K on the left, i7-7700K on the right Instead, the biggest change in Kaby comes when it's forged in Intel's foundries. Kaby is the first CPU from Intel's new "optimize" product phase, and that means the company has tweaked and tuned its 14-nm tri-gate transistors to extract every bit of performance possible from its fabs. With those improvements, the Core i7-7700K enjoys a 200-MHz base clock boost over the i7-6700K, to 4.2 GHz, and its Turbo clock is a dizzying 4.5 GHz. The Core i7-7700K's TDP has held steady at 91W even with that clock boost, halting a slow upward creep that began with Ivy Bridge. If there's any single-threaded performance improvement from Kaby, it should come entirely from this extra clock speed. Like the Skylake CPUs before it, the Core i7-7700K also exposes a couple new knobs for overclockers to play with. Kaby Lake incorporates a new base-clock-aware dynamic-voltage-and-frequency-scaling (DVFS) feature that lets the CPU's power-management circuitry take both changes in the base clock and changes in multipliers into account when it adjusts the CPU's P-states. In the past, the company says that its CPUs' power-management circuitry only took multiplier changes into account in that scenario, so BCLK overclocking required finding a stable fixed voltage. The company says this new BCLK-aware approach lets overclockers enjoy a simpler BCLK tweaking process and the power-saving benefits of DVFS at idle. Unlocked Kaby Lake chips also inherit Broadwell-E's AVX Offset feature. That setting lets tweakers run the chip at lower speeds under heavy AVX2 workloads while maintaining higher frequencies when those instructions aren't being executed, possibly increasing the light-load frequency gains one can achieve with a given chip. If those issues held you back from taking your Skylake CPU to its maximum potential, Kaby Lake might break those shackles. Tags: CPUs Previous page | Next page Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - The Z270 chipset and friends Page 3 - Our testing methods Page 4 - Memory subsystem performance, Some quick synthetic math tests, Power consumption Page 5 - Doom (OpenGL) Page 6 - Doom (Vulkan) Page 7 - Crysis 3 Page 8 - Far Cry 4 Page 9 - Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Page 10 - Grand Theft Auto V Page 11 - Memory frequency and performance scaling with Arma III Page 12 - Productivity Page 13 - 3D rendering and video processing Page 14 - Some quick overclocking tests Page 15 - Conclusions 170 comments — Last by Ninjitsu at 6:47 PM on 01/15/17 Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Biostar's Z270 boards race to the finish 17 Google RAISR upsamples thumbnails for massive bandwidth savings 42 Synology RT2600ac offers up speedy Wi-Fi and tight controls 4 Deals of the week: a gaming monitor and system components 14 Nintendo reveals Switch launch date, pricing, and initial line-up 47 Consumer Reports approves MacBook Pros after retesting 37 Report: Desktop PC market shows signs of stabilization 9 Chnano RGB LED gloves put some flash on your fingers 42 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 pre-flight warnings to end 15 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS derFunkenstein So they should never have reported that they're getting poor, hugely-varying results and instead hide inconvenient facts for Apple's sake? +58 Losergamer04 Thanks for all of the hard work you put in at CES. That's a lot of articles in a... +44 Glorious They stuck to their methodology. The same methodology they use for all other lap... +42 bthylafh Now how about you quit advertising to me from within Windows? +39 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • In the lab: Intel's Core i3-7350K CPU [135] • Consumer Reports retests MacBook Pro after a talk with Apple [110] • Kaby Lake Pentiums gain Hyper-Threading and lose ECC support [87] • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPUs to launch before March 3 [74] Hot forum threads • Rogue One • Dying router, suggestions to replace? • Putting old monitors to use • Odd Laptop Networking Failure Single page Print Aorus' Z270X-Gaming 5 motherboard reviewed The first of a new flock by Jeff Kampman  11:00 AM on January 3, 2017 Along with Intel's unveiling of its full Kaby Lake product family this morning, Intel's 200-series chipsets are also making their debut on a raft of motherboards from all the major players. Gigabyte isn't just introducing new 200-series motherboards this morning, though. It's using this opportunity to launch its Aorus motherboard brand. Aorus will serve a role in Gigabyte's motherboard lineup that's similar to Asus' Republic of Gamers boards. That means lots of RGB LED lighting, sleek aesthetic touches, and gaming software pack-ins. The Aorus (say or-rus) motherboard lineup will offer several boards to start with, and we're saying hello by looking at the $195 Z270X-Gaming 5. This raptor will sit at the base of the Aorus lineup, but it comes with many of the same features as its fancier brethren. That includes a multi-zone RGB LED lighting system that Aorus calls "RGB Fusion." The accompanying RGB Fusion software can apply a dizzying array of colors and effects to these LEDs, and the pickiest RGB LED fans can even customize different regions of the board to display individual color and animation schemes. Aorus motherboards also get a major fan-control upgrade. The Gaming 5 (and all other Aorus boards) will come with what the company calls "hybrid fan headers." These plugs can auto-detect three- and four-pin fans or liquid-cooling pumps and adjust power delivery and speed control accordingly for those devices. This fan-header versatility is often luck-of-the-draw with any given motherboard, so we're happy to see Aorus boards trumpeting it loud and clear. All five system fan headers on the Gaming 5 will feature this multi-modal intelligence. With all those RGB LEDs providing visual punch, Gigabyte's stylists wisely stuck to a neutral palette for the Aorus family. The plastic fascias over the board's audio circuitry and I/O port block are covered in a fancy matte white finish that subtly reveals a faceted design in the right light. The board's VRM and chipset heatsinks boast black, white, and silver accents in an eye-catching design that isn't at all tacky. All this classy-looking jewelry will likely be hard to appreciate inside a case, but it sure looks nice outside of a box. Gigabyte secures the board's heatsinks with screws for an extra-solid feel.   Kaby Lake CPUs stick to the external voltage-regulation circuitry that made its return with Z170 boards, and Gigabyte's engineers outfitted the Z270X-Gaming 5 with an appropriately beefy 11-phase system that rings the CPU socket. Gigabyte doesn't make any particular claims about the lifespan or provenance of the Gaming 5's power-delivery hardware, but 11 power phases should be more than adequate for a motherboard of this class. Kaby CPUs also drop into the same LGA 1151 socket that underpinned Skylake, so closely-packed DIMM slots and VRM heatsinks could cause issues with massive tower coolers. The capacitors and chokes that ring the socket are all low-profile enough that our Cooler Master and Corsair liquid coolers had no problems getting comfortable. To give builders a sense of how their hardware will or won't fit the Z270X-Gaming 5, we've taken measurements at a variety of points around the socket to create the illustrations below. Thanks to the Z270 chipset, the Gaming 5 feeds its PCIe slots, M.2 connectors, and U.2 connector entirely with Gen3 connectivity. Each of the board's x16 slots is metal-reinforced to prevent damage during transport with an expansion card installed. Even with four additional PCIe 3.0 lanes to play with from the chipset, however, some of those ports and slots have to share connectivity. Let's start with the PCIe x16 slots. With one expansion card (a graphics card, most likely) installed in the first PCIe x16 slot, that card gets the full 16 lanes of PCIe 3.0 from the Kaby Lake or Skylake CPU. Install another graphics card or expansion card in the second PCIe x16 slot, and the board will split the CPU's lanes into a pair of x8 connections. The third PCIe x16 slot and the bottom M.2 slot (M2P_32G) share four lanes from the Z270 chipset. With no M.2 drive installed there, the third slot gets all four lanes. Install a PCIe x2 storage device in the bottom M.2 slot, and the third slot will still get two lanes to work with. A typical NVMe drive and its PCIe 3.0 x4 connection will deactivate the bottom PCIe 3.0 slot. The first and second PCIe x1 slots each get one lane from the Z270 chipset. The third PCIe x1 slot shares its connectivity with one of the board's SATA ports. Now is as good a time as any to talk about how the Gaming 5 allocates PCIe lanes to its storage devices, so let's get to it. Tags: Motherboards Previous page | Next page Page 1 - Introduction Page 2 - The storage subsystem, Plug it in, plug it in, Extras Page 3 - Light 'em up, Utility players Page 4 - Firmware Page 5 - Overclocking Page 6 - Conclusions 21 comments — Last by UberGerbil at 7:37 PM on 01/06/17 Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Biostar's Z270 boards race to the finish 17 Google RAISR upsamples thumbnails for massive bandwidth savings 42 Synology RT2600ac offers up speedy Wi-Fi and tight controls 4 Deals of the week: a gaming monitor and system components 14 Nintendo reveals Switch launch date, pricing, and initial line-up 47 Consumer Reports approves MacBook Pros after retesting 37 Report: Desktop PC market shows signs of stabilization 9 Chnano RGB LED gloves put some flash on your fingers 42 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 pre-flight warnings to end 15 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS derFunkenstein So they should never have reported that they're getting poor, hugely-varying results and instead hide inconvenient facts for Apple's sake? +58 Losergamer04 Thanks for all of the hard work you put in at CES. That's a lot of articles in a... +44 Glorious They stuck to their methodology. The same methodology they use for all other lap... +42 bthylafh Now how about you quit advertising to me from within Windows? +39 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • In the lab: Intel's Core i3-7350K CPU [135] • Consumer Reports retests MacBook Pro after a talk with Apple [110] • Kaby Lake Pentiums gain Hyper-Threading and lose ECC support [87] • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPUs to launch before March 3 [74] Hot forum threads • Rogue One • Dying router, suggestions to replace? • Putting old monitors to use • Odd Laptop Networking Failure Intel unveils its full range of desktop and laptop Kaby Lake CPUs by Jeff Kampman  11:00 AM on January 3, 2017 Today marks the debut of Intel's full range of Kaby Lake CPUs for laptops and desktops. Although the star of the show is the Core i7-7700K that we just reviewed, Intel and its partners will also be showcasing 15W and 28W mobile chips with Iris Plus graphics, new mobile Xeons, higher-TDP laptop CPUs, and Core i3, Core i5, and Core i7 desktop CPUs this week at CES. As we've come to expect from Intel CPU launches, the company has dozens of parts ready to go for next-gen systems, so we'll be covering them in broad categories and noting the highlights. We've included Intel's full data sheets for those who want to see which knobs and switches the company has turned in each part to reach a given price point. Let's start with the 15W Kaby Lake parts with Iris Plus graphics. Compared to the Skylake U-series processors with Iris graphics before them, these chips all sport minor base and substantial Turbo clock speed boosts. The Iris Plus 640 and Iris Plus 650 branding for these chips' IGPs means that they're all paired with 64MB of eDRAM. All Iris Plus IGPs will have 48 Gen9 execution units.  The same story basically holds for the 28W seventh-gen CPUs with Iris Plus on board. All of these chips have tantalizing clock speed boosts compared to their Skylake brethren, and in thermally-constrained laptops, those boosts could make a substantial difference in performance. Intel's duo of mobile Kaby Xeons marks our first foray into the 45W TDP range. Like the rest of the Kaby Lake lineup, these chips enjoy substantial clock speed boosts and Kaby's better handling of 4K video encoding with the HEVC and VP9 codecs. The HD Graphics P630 IGP in these parts should come with vendor certifications for professional graphics apps, and they should also boast ECC RAM support. Consumer-oriented 45W Kaby Lake mobile parts will carry the H, HQ, and HK suffixes. These parts should offer a nice performance boost for gaming laptops, and the Core i7-7820HK will even have unlocked multipliers for overclocking on the go. Although mobile performance boosts are nice, we imagine most TR readers are most curious to see what Kaby Lake desktop parts will be on offer. In addition to the Core i7-7700K, Intel is releasing two more unlocked Kaby Lake chips: the Core i5-7600K and the Core i3-7350K. While the Core i5-7600K is basically a boosted i5-6600K, the Core i3-7350K marks Intel's first unlocked two-core, four-thread part. That chip's $168-per-1000 pricing puts it in contention with lower-end Core i5s. The Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K should be available immediately, while the i3-7350K will be available late this month or in early February. Clock boosts across the board are nothing to complain about with the full seventh-gen Core lineup, and we expect those boosts will be especially welcome in Intel's mobile chips and lower-end desktop parts. Stay tuned as we explore the implications of Intel's full Kaby lineup for system builders.   Tags: CPUs User name:  Password:  Remember me Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Biostar's Z270 boards race to the finish 17 Google RAISR upsamples thumbnails for massive bandwidth savings 42 Synology RT2600ac offers up speedy Wi-Fi and tight controls 4 Deals of the week: a gaming monitor and system components 14 Nintendo reveals Switch launch date, pricing, and initial line-up 47 Consumer Reports approves MacBook Pros after retesting 37 Report: Desktop PC market shows signs of stabilization 9 Chnano RGB LED gloves put some flash on your fingers 42 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 pre-flight warnings to end 15 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS derFunkenstein So they should never have reported that they're getting poor, hugely-varying results and instead hide inconvenient facts for Apple's sake? +58 Losergamer04 Thanks for all of the hard work you put in at CES. That's a lot of articles in a... +44 Glorious They stuck to their methodology. The same methodology they use for all other lap... +42 bthylafh Now how about you quit advertising to me from within Windows? +39 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / PC Component News / Forget the iMac, HP's new Envy all-in-one is the ultimate desktop Forget the iMac, HP's new Envy all-in-one is the ultimate desktop by Michael Passingham 03 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments HP’s CES lineup includes the the classiest all-in-one PC we’ve ever seen, a ridiculously secure business laptop, and a bonkers gaming monitor. HP has kicked off its 2017 with an impressive array of hardware, capturing the business, consumer, and gaming markets with three big launches. Here’s everything you need to know. Related: All the latest news from CES 2017 in Las Vegas HP Envy Curved AIO 34 – A classy ultra-wide PC After last year’s ugly curved AIO, this year’s Envy is one of the finest-looking desktop PCs around. With a massive 34-inch panel, a tight 1900R curve, adjustable “floating” stand, and piano-black base, this is a PC that’ll stand out before you even switch it on. That screen is a “Ultra WQHD” panel, which denotes its 3,440 x 1,440-pixel resolution. It’ll cover 99% of the photographer-friendly sRGB colour gamut as well, meaning colours in photos and movies should be bright and punchy. All that sits atop a similar base design to this year’s flat-screen model. Inside the base you’ll find top-end Intel 7th-gen “Kaby Lake” processors. There's a choice of either a full-fat quad-core Intel Core i7-7700, usually found in larger desktop tower systems, or a slightly downclocked quad-core Core i5-7400T, more commonly found in compact AIOs and little desktops. There’s also a dedicated graphics card, with AMD’s Radeon RX 460 making an appearance. This is a card designed to play lower-end titles in Full HD; you’ll be able to get your Overwatch on with no problems at all. The base doubles up as a soundbar, with four front-facing speakers which HP says were tuned by Bang & Olufsen. In addition to the four speakers there are two passive radiators for extra sound delivery and a touch-sensitive volume dial on top of the base. On the rear you’ll find an HDMI Out, HDMI In, gigabit Ethernet, and four USB 3.0 ports. On the right side there’s a USB-C/ThunderBolt 3 connector, a 3.5mm audio jack, and an SD card reader. Related: Everything you need to know about Intel Kaby Lake All models get 16GB of RAM and a combination of SSD and hard disk sizes, depending on region and retailer. Pricing for the Core i5 model starts at £1,999 in the UK, with no price yet revealed for the top-end Core i7 model at the time of writing. It’ll be available at retailers including Currys PC World and John Lewis later this month. Don’t fancy something quite as fancy? The updated flat-screen model costs substantially less, though we don’t currently have UK pricing or availability. HP Spectre x360 15 – A 15-inch 2-in-1 The Spectre x360 15 from last year has received a big update, with a switch to HP’s new black and copper styling and a smaller overall footprint. It weighs slightly more (2kg) than last year’s model and is slightly thicker (18mm), but with that you get a larger battery and more powerful internals. The x360 15 gets 7th-gen “Kaby Lake” Intel Core I7-7500U processors, Nvidia GeForce 940MX graphics for light gaming and 3D work, and super-fast PCIe SSDs with up to 1TB of storage. There’s also a large 79.2W battery that HP claims can last up to 12.75 hours and can be charged up to 50% in just half an hour. Plus, the display has been upgraded to Ultra HD, with no Full HD option available. Pricing in the UK starts from £1,499 from Currys PC World, John Lewis and a few other UK retailers. HP EliteBook x360 – Good luck trying to break into this business 2-in-1 The EliteBook x360 is a new product line, and it’s impressive both in terms of design and security. Weighing in at 1.29kg and just 15mm thick, it’s one of the lightest 2-in-1s on the market. The classy silver design isn’t outlandish but it’ll suit most desks. You get the latest Intel Core i7-7500U processor, 16GB of memory, and a 512GB PCIe SSD on-board, but that’s not where the fun is. It’s the security features that stand out here. You get Intel vPro, which is par for the course among business laptops and makes it easier to protect and manage your device. There’s also a self-healing BIOS, which can automatically tell it’s been compromised and remove the threat before you boot into Windows. There’s an infra-red camera on the top, too, which supports Windows Hello’s log-in-with-your-face feature. There’s a fingerprint scanner as well if you prefer not to use your face. There’s also a built-in privacy filter to stop a sneaky so-and-so sitting next to you from spying on your work. Simply hit Fn+f2 and the screen will block anybody who’s sitting 35 degrees or more around from the laptop from seeing what’s on your screen. This is a rare feature on laptops these days and could be very interesting as long as it doesn’t harm the viewing experience for the user. HP Omen X 35 – Crazy curved gaming monitor Finally, HP also launched a 35-inch gaming monitor, with a 3,840 x 2,160 resolution and super-tight 1800R curve. With contrast rated at 2,500:1, Nvidia G-Sync on board, and a height-adjustable stand, HP is targeting an enthusiast market with quite a lot of spare cash in their wallets. Pricing will start at around €1,299, and a UK price hasn’t been confirmed yet. It’ll be available in March or April. WATCH: CES 2017 Let us know what you think of HP's new devices in the comments. 0 shares Read Comments Moonbeam January 5, 2017, 1:46 pm No thanks HP. The quality and reliability of your products have proved to be a failure... TroutHound January 16, 2017, 2:13 am I've seen similar claims between the iMac and some "awesome" PC. There's a flaw in making such arguments from the get-go. Even if the hardware is perfect, I would still not consider a PC. The problem is the operating system. I don't want to use Windows, even if the machine cooks breakfast, does the laundry, and walks the dog. I spent 20 plus years using MS' OS'. I spent countless numbers of hours administering PC's, fixing problems, dealing with BSOD's. I switched to an iMac when I married my wife 11 years ago. I can count on one hand the number of problems I encountered on my iMac's ( Yes, I moved up to a more powerful machine a few years ago. ) I still use a PC to run Quicken only. Even that comes with headaches. That was the last PC purchase. I'll run Windows on this iMac when I get the next iMac run Mac OS. Windows *has* improved, but it's nowhere near as intuitive and reliable as an iMac running Mac OS. I think IBM did a study recently and showed in dollars that it's a better proposition having Apple gear. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
MSPU Windows Phone Windows 10 Surface Xbox Enterprise Tip us Settings Text Input: Windows 10 Windows Phone Surface Xbox Enterprise Settings Tip us Forum Text Input: Intel finally unveils its 7th-gen CPUs for desktops and powerful laptops 2 by Pradeep  @pradeepviswav Jan 3, 2017 at 17:40 GMT2 weeks ago Intel today finally announced its 7th Generation Intel Core family of processors for desktops and powerful laptops. 7th Gen Intel Core extends the benefits of 14nm process technology, delivering even more performance. It comes with a new media engine that supports 4K UHD content – for viewing, streaming, creating and sharing. The new 7th Gen Intel Core processor and Intel Xeon processor family includes new processors for a range of systems and needs. 4.5W Intel Core vPro processors (Y-series) for 2 in 1 detachables 15W Intel Core vPro, 15W and 28W Intel Core processors (U-series) for 2 in 1 convertibles and thin and light clamshells including SKUs with Intel® Iris™ Plus graphics 45W Intel Core vPro processors (H-series) for large-screen clamshells and premium notebooks 45W Intel Core mobile processor (H-series), unlocked 2 SKUs for enthusiast and VR-capable notebooks 45W Intel Xeon processors for mobile workstations 65W Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for mainstream towers 65W and 35W Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for All-in-Ones and minis 95W and 65W Intel Core processors (S-series) for enthusiast towers, including unlocked 2 SKUs Gallery Learn more about 7th Gen Intel CPUs here. Some links in the article may not be viewable as you are using an AdBlocker. Please add us to your whitelist to enable the website to function properly. Related 7th gen ces CES 2017 Desktop processors Desktops H series High Performance intel laptops PCs Skylake Tweet Share 0 Read these next Trending You can now install SUSE Linux distribution inside WSL on Windows 10 by Pradeep 0 Trending Windows 10’s new Game Mode officially announced by Mehedi Hassan 0 Comments Advertisement MSPoweruser Podcast MSPoweruser Podcast 30: The Insider Program gets rolling again by Andrew Bennett on January 13, 2017 The Insider Program is back with two gigantic builds, and both Vernon and Andrew are ready to look under the hood and see what’s new! You can listen to the podcast on SoundCloud above,... Subscribe Now Windows 10 Deal Alert: HP OMEN X Desktop $600 off for a limited time by Surur on January 15, 2017 HP is running a short promotion on the OMEN X Desktop, offering $600 off the usual list price of the fully customizable, powerful desktop. The OMEN X offers a revolutionary thermal managemen... You can now install SUSE Linux distribution inside WSL on Windows 10 by Pradeep With the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL), you can now run Linux binaries natively on Windows 10. With WSL, you can now run native Bash on Ubuntu on Windows. You can now run Bash scripts, L... Fitbit signing up beta testers for Call & SMS Notifications support on Fitb... by Surur We recently reported that Microsoft worked with Fitbit to bring GATT Server profile to Windows 10 Insider Build 15007 and suggested this meant we should see support from that company soon. I... Windows 10 Build 15007 may take long to install on your PC by Surur If you are a Windows 10 Insider and are having some issues installing the latest 15007 Build we have some bad news and some good news for you. The bad news is that this is a known issue, but... WhartonBrooks’s Cerulean Windows Phone still “full steam ahead”... by Surur US based company WhartonBrooks has been building hype around a “ground breaking” Windows 10 Phone that would “breaks the mold of current technological thinking to create a ... Deals Deals Deal: Prime member get ‘Fallout 4’ for half off at Amazon Online retailer Amazon is offering Bethesda’s ‘Fallout 4’ for only $19.99. This is a great deal as the digital version of the title is still $59.99. However this deal is on... Deal: Surface Pro 4 with Intel Core i5 and Type Cover for £699 PC World UK is now selling Surface Pro 4 device with 128GB / Intel Core i5, Surface Pen and Type Cover for just £699. You can also save £20 on Microsoft Office 365 when bought with this d... Deal: Get 500 GB Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Bundle for $267 You can now get the 500 GB Xbox One S Battlefield 1 Bundle for just $267 from online retailer Amazon, along with free shipping. This bundle comes with a full-game download of Battlefield 1... Deal: Forza Horizon 3 Ultimate Edition now available for £29.99 Forza Horizon 3 Ultimate Edition game is now available for just £29.99 from Amazon UK. Since it supports Xbox Play Anywhere, you can play this game on both Xbox One and Windows 10 PC at no ... Deal: Save $150 on select Surface Book devices from Microsoft Store Microsoft Store is now offering $150 discount on select Surface Book devices in the US. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB device (non-gpu) model is now available for $1349 and Surface... Microsoft launch a $20 post-holidays Xbox One discount, available for $279 If you managed to miss all the great Xbox One discounts this holiday season, or maybe want to spend some of the cash gifts you received last week, Microsoft has a deal for you. They are offe... Deal Alert: Snag a 200GB Micro SD card from Amazon for just $63 Out of space of your Surface or Windows phone? Amazon is offering the 200GB Sandisk Micro SD memory card for jut $63 in the USA today. Ideal for premium Android-based smartphones and tablets... Deal Alert: Microsoft begins second week of Xbox countdown deals, offering 50% c... Microsoft has released the second week of their Xbox Countdown deals, and you can purchase the following Xbox One games from up to 60% off. While the initial game list was full of A-Listers ... Deal: Get 10% off Surface Book devices in the UK Amazon UK is now offering 10% discount on Surface Book devices. You can get £130 discount on the entry-level Surface Book model. Surface Book Intel Core i5/8GB RAM/128GB/model is now availa... Deal Alert: Last 12 hours to get ReCore for Xbox One half-price for just $19.99 You can still get the popular adventure game ReCore for just $19.99 from the Microsoft Store. Experience a new masterpiece from Keiji Inafune and the makers of Metroid Prime. Explore a dyna... Forums About Us Contact Us Tip Us Submit Articles Community Guidelines Privacy Policy © 2017 MSPoweruser - All rights reservedNot associated with Microsoft   Top
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: APPS Intel confirms 15% stake in Here mapping service Jordan Novet@jordannovet January 3, 2017 10:20 AM Tags: Here, Intel, mapping, mapping apps Above: Here Maps in Facebook for Android. Image Credit: Jordan Novet/VentureBeat Intel today announced that Audi, BMW, and Daimler have agreed to let the chipmaker take a 15 percent ownership stake in Here, a company that provides digital maps to other companies and a mapping app for consumers. A rumor of the deal emerged earlier today. The deal, whose terms weren’t disclosed, is expected to close later in the first quarter of 2017, Intel said in a statement. As part of the deal, Intel and Here will work together on research and development for “a highly scalable proof-of-concept architecture that supports real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly and fully automated driving,” Intel said. Nokia in 2015 sold Here to a consortium of companies including Audi, BMW, and Daimler for $3 billion. More recently, last month, NavInfo, Tencent, and GIC together bought a 10 percent stake in Here. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesWin A Trip To The Crunchies In San Francisco Enter To Win Today CES 2017 January 3 - 8, 2017 | Sands Expo and Convention Center, Las Vegas, NV News Articles Hardware Battlefield Judges Hardware Battlefield Competition Broadcast Agenda Video Automotive Fiat Chrysler under investigation by U.S. Justice Department over emissions Tesla update rolls back speed limit cap for Autopilot on undivided roadways Naver will soon begin testing self-driving cars on Korean roads Browse more... Intel Intel report on hacking says Russian interference with US election was ‘boldest yet’ Intel shows off new Project Alloy headset for “merged reality”, to ship in Q4 BMW, Intel and Mobileye will put 40 self-driving test cars on roads in 2017 Browse more... autonomous cars Consider ethics when designing new technologies Uber’s self-driving cars put cyclists at risk, warns bike advocate group Google has reportedly stopped developing its own self-driving car Browse more... mapping Waze and Esri make app-to-infrastructure possible DroneDeploy raises $20 million to help any business put drones to work Google Maps gets a cleaner look and starts highlighting areas of interest Browse more... here Crunch Report | Intel Buys 15% of Here Mapping Business Here and Microsoft extend mapping deal, expanding into connected car data Crunch Report | Facebook’s Election Hub Browse more... Intel confirms 15% stake in mapping business Here to work on autonomous car tech Posted Jan 3, 2017 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story Acer’s new rugged Chromebook 11 N7 is designed to withstand drops and drinks Here, the mapping and location services company once owned by Nokia and sold for €2.5 billion to a car-maker consortium of Audi, BMW and Daimler in 2015, is picking up a new investor today. Chipmaker Intel has confirmed that it is taking a 15 percent stake in the business, which it will use to develop autonomous positioning systems (powered with Intel Inside). The companies are not disclosing the value of the stake, which is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017. At Here’s sale price in 2015, the stake would be worth $390 million in today’s currency. “Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world’s most intelligent, connected devices,” said Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, in a statement. “We look forward to working with HERE and its automotive partners to deliver an important technology foundation for smart and connected cars of the future.” “A real-time, self-healing and high definition representation of the physical world is critical for autonomous driving, and achieving this will require significantly more powerful and capable in-vehicle compute platforms,” said Edzard Overbeek, Here CEO, in a statement. “As a premier silicon provider, Intel can help accelerate HERE’s ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected.” The news follows a morning of speculation after it was reported that Intel had applied to Germany’s Cartel Office to approve the investment. It comes about a week after Singapore’s GIC, Tencent and NavInfo together agreed to take a 10% stake of Here. (That was a deal that was months and months in the making: NavInfo and Tencent had been in the running to acquire Here outright before the car consortium acquired it.) Here is also working closely with Microsoft, which acquired other parts of Nokia and has been in an extended licensing agreement for location data as part of that transaction. This is Intel’s latest — but not first — investment in automotive. Cars are a big area for the chipmaker as it looks to make sure that it has a place at the table for its processors in the next generation of computing devices, and connected cars have shaped up to be one of the chief targets. This week, the auto industry will especially be in the spotlight because of the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas — where cars have been growing in prominence as the “gadget of tomorrow” alongside computers, phones, washing machines, and more. Intel’s other auto moves have included acquiring Itseez and Yogitech for safety and navigation functionalities in autonomous cars; a commitment of at least $250 million to the space; keeping a strong presence at auto shows, and in November launching a dedicated autonomous driving group. (Doug Davis, who heads that group, will now sit on Here’s board.) With the Here investment, the plan is to design and deliver proof-of-concept architecture to improve driving safety and predictability. Part of this will be to raise the accuracy of mapping data on Here: Today, locations can be mapped to an accuracy of of meters but the aim is to bring that down to centimeters in HD mapping technology — essential in self-driving systems where cars are navigating themselves on roads and needing to be more precise with their positioning in real-time. Part of the deal will also include Intel working with Here’s other majority owners, Audi, BMW and Daimler to test its architecture. Intel and Here both say Intel will also work with AUDI AG, BMW AG and Daimler AG to test the architecture, it said, and eventually offer it to other carmakers. “Intel and HERE envision making the architecture broadly available across the automotive industry as a seamlessly integrated offering that simplifies and shortens time of development for automakers.” Latest from CES 2017 More CES 2017 BMW's prototype 5 series drives us around ZBoard is an electric skateboard that Two of Razer’s crazy concept laptops were Check out the real world version of the Check out Delphi's multi-layer in-car 10 of the coolest gadgets we saw at CES 2017 Ford CEO Mark Fields on mobility services Take a ride with us in a self-driving Audi Q7 At 50 years, CES is a show in transition Amazon and Nvidia won CES this year 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Intel Founded 1968 Overview Intel designs, manufactures, and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company operates through PC client, data center, Internet of Things, mobile and communications groups; software and services; and all other segments. Its platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, … Location Santa Clara, CA Categories Semiconductor, Hardware, Software, Manufacturing Website http://www.intel.com/ Full profile for Intel HERE Founded 2012 Overview HERE, the Open Location Platform company, enables people, enterprises and cities to harness the power of location. By making sense of the world through the lens of location we empower our customers to achieve better outcomes – from helping a city manage its infrastructure or an enterprise optimize its assets to delivering drivers to their destination safely. To learn more about HERE, including our … Location Chicago, IL Categories Geospatial, Location Based Services, Navigation Website http://here.com Full profile for HERE Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe SEE ALL NEWSLETTERS » Latest Crunch Report Nintendo Switch Hits the Market on March 3 | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes autonomous cars mapping here Intel Automotive Popular Posts Featured Stories Sarah Michelle Gellar on starting Foodstirs VIDEO | 4:58 | Interviews Start thinking like a startup 5 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Dronerise: gradually, then suddenly 13 hours ago | Jon Evans, Columnist SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday | Darrell Etherington SpaceX successfully returns to launch with Iridium-1 NEXT Falcon 9 mission yesterday | Darrell Etherington Latest From TechCrunch The year in analytics 1 hour ago | Sameer Al-Sakran Start thinking like a startup 5 hours ago | Mona Bijoor Lessons from Dharamsala on business and life 6 hours ago | Karl Mehta Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 9 hours ago | Jim Glade Comment moderation powered by Up Next Acer’s new rugged Chromebook 11 N7 is designed to withstand drops and drinks Posted Jan 3, 2017 CrunchBoard Job Listings Digital Marketing Specialist at IBISWorld (Los Angeles, CA, United States) Head of Marketing at Concord (San Francisco, CA, United States) DevOps Engineer @ Qadium at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Sales Director at Shopkick (New York, NY, United States) System Administrator at Shopkick (Redwood City, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Event & Editorial Calendar Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News CES 2017 Crunch Report All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Start thinking like a startup 5 hours ago by Mona Bijoor WTF is machine learning? Oct 23, 2016 by John Mannes The year in analytics 1 hour ago by Sameer Al-Sakran Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy 9 hours ago by Jim Glade Hands-on with the Nintendo Switch Jan 13, 2017 by Brian Heater Facebook encourages text statuses with new colored backgrounds Dec 19, 2016 by Josh Constine Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution 12 hours ago by Matt Heiman Udacity launches deep learning nanodegree foundation program Jan 13, 2017 by John Mannes SpaceX successfully lands its first-stage Falcon 9 rocket on drone ship yesterday by Darrell Etherington
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path CES2017 NintendoSwitch OperaNeon HTC CES2017PhotoBlog Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Laptops & Notebooks/ Dell, Alienware Gaming Laptops Ready to Play at CES Dell, Alienware Gaming Laptops Ready to Play at CES By Joel Santo Domingo January 3, 2017 12:00pm EST 10 Comments Boasting Nvidia Pascal graphics and varying screen sizes, Alienware and Dell have new PCs for the mobile gamer. Last year was a rollercoaster for the PC enthusiast, with VR yet to prove whether it's an Odysseus or a Godot. On the positive side, Nvidia's Pascal graphics processor found in their 10-series GPUs lets gamers enjoy full-screen, full HD graphics with smooth animation and all the eye candy turned on. Intel Kaby Lake processors are also reaching their full potential, with overclockable, quad-core CPUs just starting to reach the market. What's notable is that PC makers like Alienware and Dell can put all this power in a portable gaming rig. At CES, they're introducing an ultraportable 13-inch, several medium-sized 15-inch systems, and an eye-searing 17-inch gaming rig. Dell Inspirion 15 7000 Series Novice hardcore gamers just starting out should look at the Dell Inspirion 15 7000 Series, which features an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 or 1050 Ti GPU and a seventh-generation Intel Core i5 or i7 processor in a body that's less than an inch thick. It's available with up to 512GB M.2 SSD and/or 1TB hard drive storage, up to 32GB of memory, and can be ordered with either a full HD or a 4K UHD screen. It comes in a black chassis with red accents around the vents and speakers, so you know it's meant for gaming. It will be available for order on Jan. 5, starting at $799. Alienware Next up is the ultraportable Alienware 13, which lays claim as the first 13.3-inch VR-capable laptop. Like the Inspiron, it also features Intel Core i5 and i7 processors, Nvidia GTX 1050 graphics, and support for up to 32GB of memory. The 13.3-inch's native screen resolution starts at 1,366 by 768, but full HD and QHD (2,560-by-1,440) resolution screens are available as upgrades when you order. Nvidia GTX 1050 Ti and 1060 GPUs are options as well, if you feel the need for more power in your ultraportable. The system is packed with technology, so its roughly 6-pound weight is understandable. You wouldn't want to run Doom on a 3-pound ultraportable with integrated graphics, but you can on the Alienware 13. The system is also available for order on Jan. 5, and starts at $999. The Alienware 15 is the sweet spot, with more room for components, but it's still portable. It also comes in VR-capable configurations, with full HD or 4K UHD optons for its 15.6-inch screen. Naturally, it weighs more. At about 7.7 pounds, it's still portable to carry to gaming sessions on the other side of a college campus, though it's probably too large for an auditorium's foldout desk. You'll find Core i5 and i7 processors here, including an option for an unlocked quad-core i7-7820HK processor. Graphics start with the Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti, though GPUs up to GTX 1070 or AMD Radeon RX 470 (both with 8GB of GDDR5 memory) are available. The max is 32GB of RAM and the larger case can fit two SSDs as well as a hard drive for up to 3TB of space across three 1TB drives. The Alienware 13, 15, and 17 all feature USB-C ports with Thunderbolt 3 technology, and the Alienware Graphics Amplifier port for use with external desktop-class graphics cards. The Alienware 15 arrives Jan. 5 starting at $1,199. If you need a huge screen, the Alienware 17 can oblige. It's the top-of-the-line system, with a 17.3-inch screen that starts at Full HD resolution, but can be ordered with QHD resolution and Nvidia G-Sync, or with a non-G-Sync 4K UHD screen with Tobii IR eye-tracking. This is the big brother, weighing in at 9.75 pounds, so it's still technically portable. Two Intel Core i7 processors are featured, one unlocked and overclockable to 4.4GHz. Again, Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti is the base GPU, but GTX 1060, GTX 1070, AMD Radeon RX 470, and GTX 1080 are optional upgrades. Memory and storage options mirror the one on the Alienware 15. This is the one you need if you have to have more pixels, and the ability to drive them with GTX 1080 graphics. The Alienware 17, also arriving on Jan. 5, starts at $1,349. Back to top Previous : New LG Gram Laptops Boast 24-Hour Battery Life Samsung's New Pro, Plus Chromebooks Run Google Play Next : By Joel Santo Domingo Lead Analyst Joel Santo Domingo is the Lead Analyst for the Desktops team at PC Magazine Labs. He joined PC Magazine in 2000, after 7 years of IT work for companies large and small. His background includes managing mobile, desktop and network infrastructure on both the Macintosh and Windows platforms. Joel is proof that you can escape the retail grind: he wore a yellow polo shirt early in his tech career. Along the way Joel earned a BA in English Literature and an MBA in Information Technology... More » More Stories by Joel CalDigit Tuff Not only is the CalDigit Tuff a rugged hard drive designed to survive extreme conditions, it's also ... More » Digital Storm Velox (Core i7-7700K) Thanks to its cutting-edge Intel processor and two high-end graphics cards, the Digital Storm Velox ... More » Asus Launches AsusPro and ZenBook 3 Deluxe: Light Laptops With Big Screens At just 2.3 pounds, the AsusPro B9440 business notebook packs a generous 14-inch display. More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles A Visual History of the iPhone The Best of CES 2017 17 Hulu Tips for Streaming TV Fans The Best PC Games of 2017 The Booth Babes (and Bros) of CES 2017 13 Apps to Help You Keep Your New Year's Resolutions »See More //Related Reviews Acer Chromebook 14 Lenovo Yoga 910 Razer Blade Pro (2016) New Razer Blade Stealth (Late 2016) The Best Laptops of 2017 //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel CES 2017 CPUs Trade Shows Mobile GPUs Smartphones AMD Storage Home> CPUs The Intel Core i5-7600K (91W) Review: The More Amenable Mainstream Performer by Ian Cutress on January 3, 2017 12:01 PM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Kaby Lake 7600K i5-7600K 67 Comments | Add A Comment 67 Comments + Add A Comment The Intel Core i5-7600K (91W) Review Test Bed and Setup Office and Web Performance Professional Performance on Windows Legacy and Synthetic Tests Gaming: Alien Isolation Gaming: Total War: Attila Gaming: Grand Theft Auto V Gaming: GRID Autosport Gaming: Shadow of Mordor Power and Overclocking Conclusion: The Cooler and Cheaper Choice The Core i5-7600K, launched today, is the other unlocked processor from Intel’s 7th Generation line of Kaby Lake Processors. Kaby Lake is Intel’s third set of processors at 14nm, using the new 14+ process variant, which aims to give processors with a better frequency / voltage curve that translates into more performance, better efficiency, and the potential to push the silicon further and harder. Here is our review.  The Core i5 Doesn’t Get The Glory One of the big debates in a lot of online PC performance forums is the Core i5 vs Core i7 debate. On the one hand we have a cheaper processor with four cores, while the other has hyperthreading and costs more. The argument always steers towards whether hyperthreading actually works, whether it is needed, whether the cost justifies it, or if it makes any difference in the workload for that user. Bearing in mind that many users will defend the hardware choice they paid their own money for, it easily becomes a slinging match if users cannot understand individual use cases. That’s typically where objective reviews, either written or video, come into effect. There are a number of YouTube channels that cite an i5 vs i7 review as their biggest (or one of their biggest, minus a video on a truck) reviews. Ultimately it comes down to this: in most cases, the Core i5 will perform equal or reasonably equal to the Core i7, especially when it comes to gaming. As a result, there’s no need to spend the extra, especially given that the Core i7 typically comes at a large ($50-$100) premium, which could be better spent getting an SSD or a better graphics card. In the case of the Core i5-7600K, the matter is compounded by both the presence of Skylake and the frequency settings of the 7600K itself. From other testing (see our extensive Kaby Lake coverage), we’ve shown that Kaby Lake offers little-to-no clock-for-clock gain in performance – a Skylake at 4 GHz performs the same as a Kaby Lake at 4 GHz. So technically an out-of-the-box Core i5-7600K will perform similarly to a mildly overclocked Core i5-6600K, albeit at lower power (Kaby Lake has efficiency benefits due to a better voltage/frequency profile). If a user cares more about performance than power, then they might as well pick up an i5-6600K cheap when retailers start reducing their stock. On top of this, the frequency difference between the Core i5-7600K and Core i7-7700K is somewhat larger than normal. Starting with the i5 at 4.0 GHz base with a 4.2 GHz turbo, the Core i7-7700K starts with 4.2 GHz base with a 4.5 GHz turbo. At no point do the two intersect, and there could arguably by a 500 MHz difference in performance. That might actually start to get noticeable in some frequency bound gaming. So while the Core i5 doesn’t get the glory, the Core i5-7600K has more of an uphill struggle than most Core i5 parts in recent memory. Meet Kaby Lake i5-K Intel's 7th Generation of Core CPUs, which often goes by its internal code name 'Kaby Lake', stretches from 91W on the mainstream desktop down to 4.5W for notebook processors, all using the same underlying technology in different core and integrated graphics configurations. The i7-7700K is the top part of this processor family, featuring four cores with hyperthreading, and we move down through the Core i5 and Core i3 parts. This time there are three overclocking processors, with the new one being the Core i3-7350K. That CPU is the subject of another review. Intel Kaby Lake S SKUs   Cores Threads Base Turbo IGP L3 eDRAM TDP Cost i7-7700K 4/8 4.2/4.5 HD 630 8 MB - 91 W $305 i7-7700 4/8 3.6/4.2 HD 630 8 MB - 65 W $272 i7-7700T 4/8 2.9/3.8 HD 630 8 MB - 35 W $272 i5-7600K 4/4 3.8/4.2 HD 630 6 MB - 91 W $217 i5-7600 4/4 3.5/4.1 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $199 i5-7600T 4/4 2.8/3.7 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $199 i5-7500 4/4 3.4/3.8 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $179 i5-7500T 4/4 2.7/3.3 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $179 i5-7400 4/4 3.0/3.5 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $170 i5-7400T 4/4 2.4/3.0 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $170 i3-7350K 2/4 4.2 HD 630 4 MB - 60 W $157 i3-7320 2/4 4.1 HD 630 4 MB - 51 W $139 i3-7300 2/4 4.0 HD 630 4 MB - 51 W $129 i3-7300T 2/4 3.5 HD 630 4 MB - 35 W $129 i3-7100 2/4 3.9 HD 630 3 MB - 51 W $109 i3-7100T 2/4 3.4 HD 630 3 MB - 35 W $109 At a tray price of $217, the Core i5-7600K is quite a saving over the overclockable i7 which is $303, meaning an $86 tray price difference off the bat. For users on a budget, that could be the difference between a good RX 460 and a cheap RX 480, or moving to a 256GB storage drive over a 128GB one. Despite the price difference, it is more the performance that draws the K processors, which will be the subject of this review.   Intel Core i5-7600K (left) vs Intel Core i7-7700K (right)   The differences between the Core i7 and Core i5 are similar to those from previous generations – no hyperthreading on the Core i5, and a reduced L3 cache from 8 MB to 6 MB. Aside from the frequency difference, this element of cache could also come into play in memory heavy benchmarks, such as WinRAR. Comparing it to the previous generation i5-6600K Skylake processor, we get the same configuration of cache hierarchy. The main difference between the two will be support for DDR4-2400 on the Kaby Lake rather than DDR4-2133, updated integrated graphics, a new generation of Speed Shift, AVX Offset support, and support for Intel’s ‘Optane Memory’. Speed Shift v2 For the Intel’s 6th Generation of processors, Skylake, they introduced Speed Shift (v1). This was a feature that, at a high level, gave control of the voltage/frequency curve from the operating system to the processor. Using a series of internal metrics, such as instruction analysis and frequency, the CPU would automatically adjust the voltage and frequency of the processor as required. This afforded two major benefits: one, with the CPU in control it has access to many more points on the curve compared to the OS which is limited to specific P-states on the processor. The second benefit is the speed of transition. A processor that can ramp up to a high frequency quickly and then drop down as needed can get through instructions quicker but also save power. Imagine driving a car, and having to wait 60 seconds to change a gear – it’s that sort of analogy. What Speed Shift v2 does in the Kaby Lake family, compared to v1 in Skylake, is manage those transitions to higher frequency faster. Before Speed Shift, transitions from idle to peak turbo were on the order of 100 milliseconds, and Speed Shift v1 took that to 30 milliseconds (with a good base established within 15). Speed Shift v2 means that peak performance from idle now happens in 10-15 milliseconds total. This means that interactions with the OS, such as touch, or actions that rely on low latency, can occur within a couple of frames on a 60 Hz display. The benefit of Speed Shift lies a lot in touch devices, which perhaps doesn’t affect the desktop Kaby Lake processors in this review, but also in web interactions. A lot of web work is stop and start, such as scrolling or javascript functions. There is one caveat however – Speed Shift currently only works in Windows 10. It requires a driver which is automatically in the OS (v2 doesn’t need a new driver, it’s more a hardware update), but this limitation does mean that Linux and macOS do not benefit from it. I would be hard pressed to not imagine that Apple and Intel were not working on a macOS driver, but as yet we have not had confirmation that one exists. Optane Memory Support The latest memory technology to hit prime time is Intel and Micron’s 3D XPoint. This is a non-volatile form of data storage that is bit addressable and can be used as DRAM or storage. Despite being at least a decade in the making, and being formally announced in 2014, it is still yet to show up commercially as it is still being developed. Intel plans to create 3D XPoint DRAM that is slightly slower than normal DRAM but both denser (more of it) and non-volatile (keeps the data after power loss, saves power altogether), as well as 3D XPoint Storage that is faster than standard NAND flash, and more configurable. It the scheme of things, we expect the storage based products to hit the market first. Intel, as far as we can tell, is set to release two main classes of product: Optane DRAM to be pin-compatible with DDR4 and require Optane DRAM enabled processors, and Optane SSDs which should work with any PCIe storage interface. ‘Optane Memory’ however, is something a little different. Based on pre-briefings, Optane Memory is certainly not Optane SSD we were told, but rather a storage cache for mechanical hard-drives. We’ve had this before with NAND flash drives, using Intel’s Rapid Storage Technology, and it seems that Kaby Lake and 200-series chipsets will support a new version of RST for PCIe-based storage. But because this is caching drive, such as the 16GB Optane Memory drives in Lenovo’s upcoming notebooks, and not Optane SSD, might lead us to believe that ‘Optane Memory’ drives are not designed to be directly user addressable. All that being said, Intel has stated that Optane Memory standalone drives should hit the market nearer Q3 for general consumer use, which is more in-line with what we might expect to see with Optane SSDs in the enterprise space. More about Kaby Lake For readers that want a more in-depth take on Kaby Lake as a platform, we have a dedicated article full of information for you. We also have other articles in our Kaby Lake bonanza for launch day.  Other articles include: Intel Launches 7th Generation Kaby Lake (Overview and Core Improvements) The Intel Core i7-7700K Review: The New Out-of-the-box Performance Champion The Intel Core i5-7600K Review: The More Amenable Mainstream Performer Upcoming (we’re at CES and didn’t have time to finish these yet): Calculating Generational IPC Changes from Sandy Bridge to Kaby Lake The Intel Core i3-7350K Review: When a Core i3 Nearly Matches the Core i7-2600K Intel Core i7-7700K, i5-7600K and i3-7350K Overclocking: Hitting 5.0 GHz on AIR Intel Launches 200-Series Chipset Breakdown: Z270, H270, B250, Q250, C232 Intel Z270 Motherboard Preview: A Quick Look at 80+ Motherboards Test Bed and Setup The Intel Core i5-7600K (91W) Review Test Bed and Setup Office and Web Performance Professional Performance on Windows Legacy and Synthetic Tests Gaming: Alien Isolation Gaming: Total War: Attila Gaming: Grand Theft Auto V Gaming: GRID Autosport Gaming: Shadow of Mordor Power and Overclocking Conclusion: The Cooler and Cheaper Choice Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 67 Comments View All Comments Chaitanya - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Probably the most useless upgrade in recent years for PC users. Reply Sabresiberian - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link 1) This is only an optimization of an existing architecture, and 2) Anyone knowledgeable will almost always recommend skipping at least one architectural generation and, especially considering the slow improvements over the last 5 years, at least 2 generations. Which means if you are in a use-case scenario that can take advantage of the increased CPU performance you shouldn't be thinking "upgrade" unless you are running Sandy Bridge or earlier. (The obvious exception that breaks the rule here is Zen, which will offer a huge performance increase over Bulldozer.) Reply Shadow7037932 - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link >(The obvious exception that breaks the rule here is Zen, which will offer a huge performance increase over Bulldozer.) How about we wait until it's actually released? Remember what happened with the original Phenom? Reply silverblue - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link I don't think it's unreasonable to get excited about Zen, at least in terms of AMD's current product lines. Potentially massively optimised benchmarks aside, at least they tested Ryzen engineering samples against Intel's more expensive offerings in public without resorting to slides containing unsubstantiated performance claims. In fact, the only thing I can see in print is the "40% faster than Excavator" claim. If the Canard PC leaks aren't fake, there's every chance that AMD have achieved this, and possibly exceeded it. You mentioned Phenom, so let's take a trip down memory lane: Phenom: "40% faster than Core 2 Quad at the same clock speed" Reality: Up to 40% slower per clock after the TLB bug; needed Phenom II to really close the gap. Bulldozer: "50% faster than the i7 950" Reality: In what test? Even the 8350 couldn't boast this. I don't see Ryzen being the gaming top dog - remember, current productivity and gaming demos have been against slower clocked CPUs with double the cores of your garden variety, highly clocked i5 and i7 - but I don't think it's unreasonable to expect that it'll bury the FX series. IMHO, of course. Reply boozed - Friday, January 06, 2017 - link I think the problem is that if Skylake wasn't enough of a performance improvement to upgrade, neither is Kaby Lake. Reply Murloc - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link is it? I'm running a nehalem, if I was upgrading now I'd appreciate the lower power consumption and the HEVC hardware support. Reply willis936 - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link Was HEVC hardware not present on the 6x00 series? Reply Shadow7037932 - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link He said Nehalem, which is the i7 920 and the like. Reply close - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link @Shadow7037932, can you name one good reason why he should update his Nehalem to a Kaby Lake K part that didn't exist one and a half years ago with Skylake? I'll put it another way: If someone passed on a Skylake upgrade last year why exactly would they pay the same price to get a pre-overclocked Skylake (aka Kaby Lake) this year? Why did the user suffer through an extra ~18 months of really aging hardware just to buy what's basically the same CPU at the same price today? Since these 2 generations share architecture and fabrication process there's no reason to expect consistently better OC on the 7 series. So the 300MHz should be within reach for any K part and any user. Reply MonkeyPaw - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Looks like it is the best 14nm Intel architecture you can buy. Still, it seems like if you're in the market now, you might as well wait to see if Ryzen will be a compelling option. If nothing else it might help drive some of these prices down. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Digital Storm BOLT X: A Kaby Lake-Based SFF PC with Custom Liquid Cooling Seagate to Shut Down One of Its Largest HDD Assembly Plants OWC Previews DEC Add-On For MacBook Pro Marvell Show the 88SS1079 Controller: An Updated 88SS1074 Nintendo Switch Hardware Launch Details - 32GB w/Expandable Storage, 6.2” 720p Screen, 2.5 to 6.5 Hour Battery Life Kingston Launches DataTraveler Ultimate GT USB Flash Drive with 2 TB Capacity ASUS Announces Designo Curve MX38VQ: 37.5 Inch Curved Display with Qi Charging DEEPCOOL Showcase the GamerStorm Quadstellar: One Big Metal Shuriken Chassis CES 2017: GIGABYTE’s Thunderbolt 3 to 8x USB 3 Dock ASUS Demonstrates ROG Swift PG27UQ: 4K, 144 Hz, HDR, DCI-P3 and G-Sync HTC Announces New Phones For U: HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra CES 2017: GIGABYTE Shows Passive Apollo Lake BRIX in Embedded UCFF TWEETS IanCutress: For the RGB enthusiast who has everything https://t.co/hdy1HAgziD IanCutress: @FlameyCat Latency of what? ganeshts: @monkeybrainsnet Don't waste ad dollars on promoting to non-SF Bay Area folks unless you plan to expand (would be nice if you do that) IanCutress: @Nick_Craver @BrettHowse it is fun :) just time consuming IanCutress: @Nick_Craver Ask @BrettHowse, but we really need another laptop reviewer to cover in depth. Doing 6-10/yr atm RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl On paper, sure. 2 DP lanes would be good enough for 1080p60, even 4Kp30 if Nintendo decides to support that RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl None that we've heard of so far. Plus it wouldn't need to, the console itself can do that RyanSmithAT: I really doubt the Switch consumes this much power, but it means that it can still charge quickly while in active use (i.e. docked) RyanSmithAT: Nintendo Switch power input, taken from Nintendo's 3D render for promo videos: 15V @ 2.6A (39W). Subject to change before release, of course RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte None has been spotted IanCutress: Part SoC, part external chipset?@RyanSmithAT ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy BRCM was definitely not an amateur. The Chinese Phytium Mars, on the other hand... ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy One less ARM v8 server vendor - does not look like a positive for the ARM server ecosystem ganeshts: @Bindibadgi I can't see NBASE-T taking off before cable ISPs start delivering 1 Gbps+. 802.3ad will get adopted if user friendly ganeshts: @Bindibadgi Linksys CM3132 cable modem has 2xLAN & the EA9300 router has 2xWAN ports link-aggregated. https://t.co/Jfzbt5yGnq Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Intel to take stake in German mapping firm HERE in automated driving push ReutersJanuary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File PhotoMore FRANKFURT (Reuters) - U.S. chip maker Intel will take a 15 percent stake in German digital mapping firm HERE, it said on Tuesday, as it seeks to build its presence in automated driving technology. A filing to the German cartel office on Tuesday showed Intel has sought approval to buy a stake in the company, which is controlled by German carmakers Daimler , BMW and Volkswagen . Intel and HERE said in a statement that they had also signed an agreement to collaborate on the research and development of real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly- and fully-automated driving. Intel did not disclose how much it would pay for the stake but said the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter. The deal highlights a shift in the dynamics of research and development in the car industry, which until recently saw automakers largely dictating terms for suppliers to manufacture their proprietary technologies at specified volumes and prices. Now carmakers are increasingly striking partnerships with technology firms using open technology standards, seeking to harness their expertise in areas including machine learning and mapping as they race against Silicon Valley companies such as Google , Tesla and Apple to develop driverless vehicles. Last month two Chinese companies and Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in HERE and in July, BMW teamed up with Intel and Mobileye to develop self-driving cars by 2021. BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen bought HERE for 2.8 billion euros ($2.9 billion) in 2015 from mobile equipment maker Nokia of Finland. Last September, HERE said it would introduce a new set of traffic services allowing drivers to see for themselves what live road conditions are like miles ahead using data from competing automakers, an industry first. (Reporting by Irene Presinger and Harro ten Wolde; Editing by Susan Thomas and Adrian Croft) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel CES 2017 CPUs Trade Shows Mobile GPUs Smartphones AMD Storage Home> CPUs The Intel Core i7-7700K (91W) Review: The New Out-of-the-box Performance Champion by Ian Cutress on January 3, 2017 12:02 PM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Kaby Lake 7700K i7-7700K 113 Comments | Add A Comment 113 Comments + Add A Comment The Intel Core i7-7700K (91W) Review Test Bed and Setup Office and Web Performance Professional Performance on Windows Legacy Tests Gaming: Alien Isolation Gaming: Total War Attila Gaming: Grand Theft Auto V Gaming: GRID Autosport Gaming: Shadow of Mordor Power and Overclocking Conclusions: The New Champion The i7-7700K, launched today, is Intel's fastest ever consumer grade processor. Using Intel’s third set of processors at 14nm, using the new 14+ variant, we get processors with a better frequency / voltage curve that translates into more performance, better efficiency, and the potential to push the silicon further and harder. Here is our review.  Meet Kaby Lake, and 4.5 GHz Out-of-the-Box The i7-7700K is part of Intel's 7th Generation of Core CPUs, which often goes by its internal code name 'Kaby Lake'. The Kaby Lake family, as of today's launch, stretches from 91W on the mainstream desktop down to 4.5W for notebook processors, all using the same underlying technology in different core and integrated graphics configurations. The i7-7700K is the top part of this processor family, featuring four cores with hyperthreading, a 4.2 GHz base frequency, a 4.5 GHz turbo frequency, a couple of new tricks and all for $303 list (so about $330 retail).    As a processor with the letter K in it, in Intel's lingo this means the i7-7700K is an unlocked processor. Users with enough nous to understand the relationship between frequency, voltage, temperature and stability can take this processor above (or below) its standard operating frequency to get more performance without spending more money. The upshot of pushing the processor in this way is usually a higher power consumption, something that PC enthusiasts usually have to spare, and in the wrong hands a broken CPU through overclocking is worth the same as sand. There are two other K processors in the Kaby Lake family, the i5-7600K and the i3-7350K, which both have separate reviews as part of our launch coverage.  Intel Kaby Lake S SKUs   Cores/ Threads Base/ Turbo IGP L3 eDRAM TDP Cost i7-7700K 4/8 4.2/4.5 HD 630 8 MB - 91 W $305 i7-7700 4/8 3.6/4.2 HD 630 8 MB - 65 W $272 i7-7700T 4/8 2.9/3.8 HD 630 8 MB - 35 W $272 i5-7600K 4/4 3.8/4.2 HD 630 6 MB - 91 W $217 i5-7600 4/4 3.5/4.1 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $199 i5-7600T 4/4 2.8/3.7 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $199 i5-7500 4/4 3.4/3.8 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $179 i5-7500T 4/4 2.7/3.3 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $179 i5-7400 4/4 3.0/3.5 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $170 i5-7400T 4/4 2.4/3.0 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $170 i3-7350K 2/4 4.2 HD 630 4 MB - 60 W $157 i3-7320 2/4 4.1 HD 630 4 MB - 51 W $139 i3-7300 2/4 4.0 HD 630 4 MB - 51 W $129 i3-7300T 2/4 3.5 HD 630 4 MB - 35 W $129 i3-7100 2/4 3.9 HD 630 3 MB - 51 W $109 i3-7100T 2/4 3.4 HD 630 3 MB - 35 W $109 Intel calls the desktop like of processors the S series, and Kaby Lake-S (or KBL-S) ranges from a dual core low power 35W i3-7100T to the high-end 91W i7-7700K. The idea here is to offer many different parts at different price points to cater for customer needs, such as performance, power, cost and feature set. With every launch Intel tries to entice users to upgrade from their older system (citing hundreds of millions of daily PCs being 3+ years old), and so having new features is key to having better performance too.  With the high-end i7-7700K, being the top processor, the main draw is typically performance and overclockability. This review aims to take us through both of these, and the reasons why.    Intel Core i7-7700K (Kaby Lake) and Core i7-6700K (Skylake) Comparing it to the previous generation high-end i7-6700K Skylake processor, we get the same configuration of cache hierarchy. The main difference between the two will be support for DDR4-2400 on the Kaby Lake rather than DDR4-2133, updated integrated graphics, a new generation of Speed Shift, AVX Offset support, and support for Intel’s ‘Optane Memory’. Typically with each new generation of Intel CPUs brings about a fundamental increase in performance through the rate of instructions per cycle/clock (IPC) that the processor can go through. That being said, Intel has stated (and we've confirmed through testing) that Skylake and Kaby Lake are identical for IPC. As a result, the i7-7700K attempts to take the performance crown through frequency alone. The i7-6700K runs as 4.0 GHz base and 4.2 GHz turbo, while the i7-7700K runs at 4.2 GHz base and 4.5 GHz turbo. We quantify what this means in this review. Speed Shift v2 For the i7-6700K family, Skylake, Intel introduced Speed Shift (v1). This was a feature that, at a high level, gave control of the voltage/frequency curve from the operating system to the processor. Using a series of internal metrics, such as instruction analysis and frequency, the CPU would automatically adjust the voltage and frequency of the processor as required. This afforded two major benefits: one, with the CPU in control it has access to many more points on the curve compared to the OS which is limited to specific P-states on the processor. The second benefit is the speed of transition. A processor that can ramp up to a high frequency quickly and then drop down as needed can get through instructions quicker but also save power. Imagine driving a car, and having to wait 60 seconds to change a gear – it’s that sort of analogy. What Speed Shift v2 does in the i7-7700K and the Kaby Lake family, compared to v1 in Skylake, is manage those transitions to higher frequency faster. Before Speed Shift, transitions from idle to peak turbo were on the order of 100 milliseconds, and Speed Shift v1 took that to 30 milliseconds (with a good base established within 15). Speed Shift v2 means that peak performance from idle now happens in 10-15 milliseconds total. This means that interactions with the OS, such as touch, or actions that rely on low latency, can occur within a couple of frames on a 60 Hz display. The benefit of Speed Shift lies a lot in touch devices, which perhaps doesn’t affect the i7-7700K in this review, but also in web interactions. A lot of web work is stop and start, such as scrolling or javascript functions. There is one caveat however – Speed Shift currently only works in Windows 10. It requires a driver which is automatically in the OS (v2 doesn’t need a new driver, it’s more a hardware update), but this limitation does mean that Linux and macOS do not benefit from it. I would be hard pressed to not imagine that Apple and Intel were not working on a macOS driver, but as yet we have not had confirmation that one exists. Optane Memory Support The latest memory technology to hit prime time is Intel and Micron’s 3D XPoint. This is a non-volatile form of data storage that is bit addressable and can be used as DRAM or storage. Despite being at least a decade in the making, and being formally announced in 2014, it is still yet to show up commercially as it is still being developed. Intel plans to create 3D XPoint DRAM that is slightly slower than normal DRAM but both denser (more of it) and non-volatile (keeps the data after power loss, saves power altogether), as well as 3D XPoint Storage that is faster than standard NAND flash, and more configurable. It the scheme of things, we expect the storage based products to hit the market first. Intel, as far as we can tell, is set to release two main classes of product: Optane DRAM to be pin-compatible with DDR4 and require Optane DRAM enabled processors, and Optane SSDs which should work with any PCIe storage interface. ‘Optane Memory’ however, is something a little different. Based on pre-briefings, Optane Memory is certainly not Optane SSD we were told, but rather a storage cache for mechanical hard-drives. We’ve had this before with NAND flash drives, using Intel’s Rapid Storage Technology, and it seems that Kaby Lake and 200-series chipsets will support a new version of RST for PCIe-based storage. But because this is caching drive, such as the 16GB Optane Memory drives in Lenovo’s upcoming notebooks, and not Optane SSD, might lead us to believe that ‘Optane Memory’ drives are not designed to be directly user addressable. All that being said, Intel has stated that Optane Memory standalone drives should hit the market nearer Q3 for general consumer use, which is more in-line with what we might expect to see with Optane SSDs in the enterprise space. More about Kaby Lake For readers that want a more in-depth take on Kaby Lake as a platform, we have a dedicated article full of information for you. We also have other articles in our Kaby Lake bonanza for launch day.  Other articles include: Intel Launches 7th Generation Kaby Lake (Overview and Core Improvements) The Intel Core i7-7700K Review: The New Out-of-the-box Performance Champion The Intel Core i5-7600K Review: The More Amenable Mainstream Performer Upcoming (we’re at CES and didn’t have time to finish these yet): Calculating Generational IPC Changes from Sandy Bridge to Kaby Lake The Intel Core i3-7350K Review: When a Core i3 Nearly Matches the Core i7-2600K Intel Core i7-7700K, i5-7600K and i3-7350K Overclocking: Hitting 5.0 GHz on AIR Intel Launches 200-Series Chipset Breakdown: Z270, H270, B250, Q250, C232 Intel Z270 Motherboard Preview: A Quick Look at 80+ Motherboards Test Bed and Setup The Intel Core i7-7700K (91W) Review Test Bed and Setup Office and Web Performance Professional Performance on Windows Legacy Tests Gaming: Alien Isolation Gaming: Total War Attila Gaming: Grand Theft Auto V Gaming: GRID Autosport Gaming: Shadow of Mordor Power and Overclocking Conclusions: The New Champion Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 113 Comments View All Comments RichUK - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Very thorough review, thank you! Shame you didn't get a better sample. Will you look to do a focused review around delidding and the associated overlooking benefits? Reply RichUK - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link That's should read 'overclocking' - Damn auto correct on my phone! Reply close - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link Yeah... great review that calls a CPU that's basically identical to the previous generation as "The New Out-of-the-box Performance Champion". While mathematically it can be considered true I think such a title is grossly misleading. Intel brought almost 0 improvements over generations but didn't bother dropping the price accordingly. This isn't "the new champion", this is last year's CPU a little overclocked. The fact that it comes "pre-overclocked" doesn't make it a champion nor does it make the title and conclusion of this article any more valuable. We'll see how Zen does but if it offers similar performance to Intel's offerings for substantially less money a lot of journalists will have to backtrack on their "Intel's having a hard time advancing performance because there's no more headroom and prices can't go down due to research and fabrication costs". Reply close - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link Also this: http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2017/01/intel-core-... Arstechnica's conclusions: "With identical performance to Skylake, Intel brings desktop performance to a standstill." "the Kaby Lake desktop chips are but a mere clock speed boost disguised under the nomenclature of a new CPU generation. From an IPC standpoint, there's nothing to tell Kaby Lake apart from Skylake" AnandTech's conclusions: "The New Champion" "The Core i7-7700K sits at the top of the stack, and performs like it." "handily mops the floor with the Devil’s Canyon part [nb, 3 year old part!], resigning it to history." Intel are selling yesterday's soup, reheated but at the same price and Ian is trying hard to make everyone think that soup is like wine, it gets better with age. The truth is that there's basically no reason whatsoever to upgrade this year since we're still talking about a 6700K with 200MHz. *ANY* user buying a K part should be able to achieve that with last year's CPUs. Reply close - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link P.S. Devil's Canyon is actually a 4 year old part that was overclocked and relaunched 3 years ago. So it's "refreshing" to see how AnandTech gets excited about a brand new CPU that manages to be ~10% faster than a 4 year old CPU with slightly lower (boost) clocks in office/workstation scenarios and which brings 0 benefits in gaming scenarios. That would be a ~5% average improvement for a user. Wow Ian, it really doesn't take much to get you all hyped up these days, does it? Reply Lolimaster - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link Anandtech was a shill site for a long time, Kaby Lake was going to prove whose site is that. Doubts answered. Reply pogostick - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link The best line is the first line: "The Intel Core i7-7700K is what happens when a chip company stops trying." Reply slickr - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link Yeah, very suspicious of Ian. Is he getting paid to shill for Intel or is he that BAD at journalism!? Reply RichUK - Thursday, January 05, 2017 - link I skipped to the overclocking section and didn't read the rest. ;) That's all I'm interested in. Reply Gasaraki88 - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Why are you testing with Win7 when the CPUs have more functionality under Windows 10? Reply 1 2 3 4 5 6 11 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Digital Storm BOLT X: A Kaby Lake-Based SFF PC with Custom Liquid Cooling Seagate to Shut Down One of Its Largest HDD Assembly Plants OWC Previews DEC Add-On For MacBook Pro Marvell Show the 88SS1079 Controller: An Updated 88SS1074 Nintendo Switch Hardware Launch Details - 32GB w/Expandable Storage, 6.2” 720p Screen, 2.5 to 6.5 Hour Battery Life Kingston Launches DataTraveler Ultimate GT USB Flash Drive with 2 TB Capacity ASUS Announces Designo Curve MX38VQ: 37.5 Inch Curved Display with Qi Charging DEEPCOOL Showcase the GamerStorm Quadstellar: One Big Metal Shuriken Chassis CES 2017: GIGABYTE’s Thunderbolt 3 to 8x USB 3 Dock ASUS Demonstrates ROG Swift PG27UQ: 4K, 144 Hz, HDR, DCI-P3 and G-Sync HTC Announces New Phones For U: HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra CES 2017: GIGABYTE Shows Passive Apollo Lake BRIX in Embedded UCFF TWEETS IanCutress: For the RGB enthusiast who has everything https://t.co/hdy1HAgziD IanCutress: @FlameyCat Latency of what? ganeshts: @monkeybrainsnet Don't waste ad dollars on promoting to non-SF Bay Area folks unless you plan to expand (would be nice if you do that) IanCutress: @Nick_Craver @BrettHowse it is fun :) just time consuming IanCutress: @Nick_Craver Ask @BrettHowse, but we really need another laptop reviewer to cover in depth. Doing 6-10/yr atm RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl On paper, sure. 2 DP lanes would be good enough for 1080p60, even 4Kp30 if Nintendo decides to support that RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl None that we've heard of so far. Plus it wouldn't need to, the console itself can do that RyanSmithAT: I really doubt the Switch consumes this much power, but it means that it can still charge quickly while in active use (i.e. docked) RyanSmithAT: Nintendo Switch power input, taken from Nintendo's 3D render for promo videos: 15V @ 2.6A (39W). Subject to change before release, of course RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte None has been spotted IanCutress: Part SoC, part external chipset?@RyanSmithAT ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy BRCM was definitely not an amateur. The Chinese Phytium Mars, on the other hand... ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy One less ARM v8 server vendor - does not look like a positive for the ARM server ecosystem ganeshts: @Bindibadgi I can't see NBASE-T taking off before cable ISPs start delivering 1 Gbps+. 802.3ad will get adopted if user friendly ganeshts: @Bindibadgi Linksys CM3132 cable modem has 2xLAN & the EA9300 router has 2xWAN ports link-aggregated. https://t.co/Jfzbt5yGnq Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> CPUs Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel CES 2017 CPUs Trade Shows Mobile GPUs Smartphones AMD Storage Home> CPUs Intel Launches 7th Generation Kaby Lake: 15W/28W with Iris, 35-91W Desktop and Mobile Xeon by Ian Cutress on January 3, 2017 12:01 PM EST Posted in CPUs Intel Kaby Lake Speed Shift 7700K 7600K 7350K 42 Comments | Add A Comment 42 Comments + Add A Comment Intel Launches 7th Generation Kaby Lake A New Optimized 14nm Process: 14nm+ Speed Shift v2: Speed Harder Optane Memory: Support for Intel 3D XPoint Intel Authenticate and OPI 3.0 The Kaby Lake-U/Y GPU - Media Capabilities 200-Series Chipsets and Motherboards A Brief Rundown of Results for Kaby Lake on Desktop The death of Intel’s ‘Tick-Tock’ means that Kaby Lake is Intel’s third crack at their 14nm process. 14nm started with Broadwell (5th Gen, tick), introduced a new microarchitecture with Skylake (6th Gen, tock), and now is in the ‘optimization’ stage with Kaby Lake (7th Gen). This means an improved ‘14nm Plus’, offering better power efficiency and higher frequencies through a less strained transistor floorplan. Intel is launching a myriad of SKUs under Kaby Lake, ranging from mobile KBL-U at 15W and 28W through mobile KBL-H at 45W and desktop-class KBL-S at 35W to 91W. This includes three overclocking SKUs for desktop, including an i3 variant. Here’s the front page of AnandTech’s Kaby Lake launch coverage. Kaby Lake Despite what has been released elsewhere on the internet, today marks the second official launch of Kaby Lake, the first being back in September with six mobile processors which currently feature in the premium notebook and mini-PC categories. As a ‘trial run’, these six processors have shown promise and as a result another 25+ are coming to the wider market. The main features for Kaby Lake includes support for Optane Memory, a range of new 200-series chipsets to support the processors, an update to the Gen9 graphics featuring Main10 support and other lower power hardware accelerated video playback, as well as adjustments to the underlying silicon to afford a better voltage frequency curve. Tick Tock Boom Intel’s ‘Tick-Tock’ cadence has disappeared, as we’ve reported on several times previously, and Kaby Lake is the first wave of Intel’s ‘Optimization’ step in their ‘Process, Architecture, Optimization’ release structure. The goal of the first two steps in that trio have been well documented over the last decade or so of Intel releases: a process change means a shrink in the minimum feature size of the silicon (and arguably represents the main business focus of Intel’s R&D), such as from 90nm to 65nm or 22nm to 14nm, and ‘architecture’ indicates an improvement to the underlying microarchitecture, typically taking advantage of the new process in the previous step. Both of these steps, barring a significant paradigm shift in the microarchitecture, have yielded 5-15% performance jumps each iteration. Also, based on yield, typically the smaller chips are the ones to come to market first. The Optimization step is a relative unknown, as the term is somewhat definable in many different contexts when it comes to semiconductor design. Optimization could be an adjustment to the base microarchitecture giving it more support, or an adjustment in the silicon manufacturing process giving better efficiency, or it could be a different set of SKUs for a changing market, or it could be an updated internal graphics implementation. There are many ways in which Intel could play the optimization card, and for the launch of their 7th generation processors, it comes across as a number of features. At this point I should mention the Devil’s Canyon launch of the i5-4690K and i7-4790K, which were out-of-cycle launches of new overclocking products. While Intel marketed this as an ‘optimization’ of the current design, it technically wasn’t part of the PAO cadence. Most of the Devil’s Canyon optimization was around heat management rather than any other significant shift, whereas the ‘Optimization’ label for Kaby Lake is an actual physical change to the silicon. The first one to make note of though, to which our readers are probably most interested, is that while there is a change to the silicon, there is no underlying change to the microarchitecture. As a result, Intel are not promoting any performance difference with the previous generation (Skylake, 6th Gen, SKL) at a given frequency. They are however promoting better efficiency, which means that it should do the same at lower power, or offer better points in the voltage frequency curve. The motto should be ‘do more with less’. As we’ll explain in this piece, similar to the six processors launched back in September, the main benefits for Kaby Lake over previous generations of Intel CPUs will be in the feature set, and to liven things up, what SKUs are on offer. Today’s Launch: 15W, 28W, 35W, 45W, 51W, 60W, 65W, 91W Intel defines its processor product lines in terms of segments: Y, U, H and S, which we’ll associate via KBL-Y, KBL-U, KBL-H and KBL-S. Recent changes in Intel’s processor naming scheme have made it harder to determine which segment a processor might be from without looking directly at the TDP or the core arrangement, but here’s a slide to show the base layout: The Y series, using the Core m3, Core i5/i7 and Core i5/i7 vPro nomenclature, are the 4.5W dual-core processors with HyperThreading that are focused on small and light mobile PCs, such as 2-in-1s or premium lightweight laptops, or Compute Stick-like devices. The reason they get so low in power is often due to their super low base frequency, and with such a low TDP rating this enables these processors to be placed in laptops and have a good chunk of battery removed to save weight but still offer decent battery life. Intel Kaby Lake YUH SKUs   Cores/ Threads Base/ Turbo IGP L3 eDRAM TDP Cost Y-Series i7-7Y75 2/4 1.3/3.6 HD 615 4 MB - 4.5 W $353 i5-7Y57 2/4 1.2/3.3 HD 615 4 MB - 4.5 W $253 i5-7Y54 2/4 1.2/3.2 HD 615 4 MB - 4.5 W $253 m3-7Y30 2/4 1.0/2.0 HD 615 4 MB - 4.5 W $253 U-Series i7-7660U 2/4 2.5/4.0 Iris Plus 640 4 MB 64 MB 15 W $373 i7-7600U 2/4 2.8/3.9 HD 620 4 MB - 15 W $353 i7-7567U 2/4 3.5/4.0 Iris Plus 650 4 MB 128 MB ? 28 W $373 i7-7560U 2/4 2.4/3.8 Iris Plus 640 4 MB 64 MB 15 W $373 i7-7500U 2/4 2.7/3.5 HD 620 4 MB - 15 W $353 i5-7360U 2/4 2.3/3.6 Iris Plus 640 4 MB 64 MB 15 W $273 i5-7300U 2/4 2.6/3.5 HD 620 3 MB - 15 W $253 i5-7200U 2/4 2.5/3.1 HD 620 3 MB - 15 W $253 i5-7287U 2/4 3.3/3.7 Iris Plus 650 4 MB 128 MB ? 28 W $273 i5-7267U 2/4 3.1/3.5 Iris Plus 650 4 MB 128 MB ? 28 W $273 i5-7260U 2/4 2.2/3.4 Iris Plus 640 4 MB 64 MB 15 W $273 i3-7167U 2/4 2.8 Iris Plus 650 3 MB 128 MB ? 28 W $273 i3-7100U 2/4 2.4 HD 620 3 MB - 15 W $253 H Series E3-1535M v6 4/8 3.1/4.2 HD P630 8 MB - 45 W $560 E3-1505M v6 4/8 3.0/4.0 HD 630 8 MB - 45 W $390 i7-7920HQ 4/8 3.1/4.1 HD 630 8 MB - 45 W $510 i7-7820HQ 4/8 2.9/3.9 HD 630 8 MB - 45 W $340 i7-7820HK 4/8 2.9/3.9 HD 630 8 MB - 45 W $340 i7-7700HQ 4/8 2.8/3.8 HD 630 6 MB - 45 W $340 i5-7440HQ 4/4 2.8/3.8 HD 630 6 MB - 45 W $225 i3-7300HQ 4/4 2.5/3.5 HD 630 6 MB - 45 W $225 i3-7100H 2/4 3 HD 630 3 MB - 35 W $210 The U series are at the 15W and 28W mark, still offering two cores with hyperthreading, but with a much higher base clock. These are often cheaper than the Y-series as their voltage/frequency profile does not need to hit such a stringent set of requirements, and these are the parts users will likely see in cheaper designs, or premium gaming notebooks that are not so thick. Some of the U series parts will use an additional on-package chip called eDRAM, either 64 MB or 128 MB, which will act like a transparent DRAM buffer to main memory. This mostly affects graphics performance, and these parts will fall under the Iris Plus branding. The eDRAM use model, as we’ll re-explain in a bit, is different to previous generations of Intel’s eDRAM. (Astute users will note that this is Iris Plus, rather than just plain Iris or Iris Pro as in previous generations. Intel made clear in our pre-briefings that there will be no Iris Pro products at this launch (which isn’t to say there will not be in the future), however as things stand Iris Plus will be the branding on KBL-U series products that use eDRAM. No exact reason was given for the change, except that it will help differentiate between Skylake parts with Iris grade graphics, but whether this is enough of a reason to adjust the branding remains to be seen). The H series processors are mobile soldered (BGA) parts that tip the TDP scales at 45W, and the goal of these parts is to provide the top performance to mobile devices that require it. Intel is keen to promote the H-series under its new ‘VR Ready’ branding, indicating that these processors in the right devices will have enough grunt for virtual reality systems that have suitable graphics. The H-series will be wide ranging in parts and performance, as well as bringing in mobile workstation-class Xeon processors. The S series are the socketable parts for desktops. Just a reminder, that’s ‘S for deSktop’. For users following the desktop line of processors, there is nothing particularly out of the ordinary here to start. Three i7 parts with four cores and hyperthreading, one of which is unlocked and one is low power, followed by a few i5 quad-core parts that have the same trend of unlock and low power, as well as some dual-core with hyperthreading i3 parts. Intel Kaby Lake S SKUs   Cores/ Threads Base/ Turbo IGP L3 eDRAM TDP Cost i7-7700K 4/8 4.2/4.5 HD 630 8 MB - 91 W $305 i7-7700 4/8 3.6/4.2 HD 630 8 MB - 65 W $272 i7-7700T 4/8 2.9/3.8 HD 630 8 MB - 35 W $272 i5-7600K 4/4 3.8/4.2 HD 630 6 MB - 91 W $217 i5-7600 4/4 3.5/4.1 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $199 i5-7600T 4/4 2.8/3.7 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $199 i5-7500 4/4 3.4/3.8 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $179 i5-7500T 4/4 2.7/3.3 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $179 i5-7400 4/4 3.0/3.5 HD 630 6 MB - 65 W $170 i5-7400T 4/4 2.4/3.0 HD 630 6 MB - 35 W $170 i3-7350K 2/4 4.2 HD 630 4 MB - 60 W $157 i3-7320 2/4 4.1 HD 630 4 MB - 51 W $139 i3-7300 2/4 4.0 HD 630 4 MB - 51 W $129 i3-7300T 2/4 3.5 HD 630 4 MB - 35 W $129 i3-7100 2/4 3.9 HD 630 3 MB - 51 W $109 i3-7100T 2/4 3.4 HD 630 3 MB - 35 W $109 Two things stand out from the new KBL-S release segments. First is a new part of the stack that comes unlocked and is therefore overclockable: the Core i3-7350K. This is a dual core CPU with hyperthreading, a 60W TDP, comes with a 4.2 GHz base frequency (there’s no turbo on an i3), and the multiplier is adjustable. Certain segments of the enthusiast community have been asking for an unlocked Core i3, to bring overclocking back into having its original meaning of boosting a low-end CPU into performing like a high-end CPU, and this Core i3 will finally answer that question. We have a full review of the Core i3 as part of our Kaby Lake launch series, even though the formal sale date for the i3-7350K is early February. The second stand-out part is the lack of desktop Xeons being announced, what would be the E3-1200 v6 line of CPUs, as well as the lack of dual-core Pentiums or Celeron parts for the super low-cost segment in the market. The v6 parts, assuming the strategy would follow from the v5 parts, would require a new Xeon-specific chipset for motherboards and no C-series desktop chipset is being announced today. I highly suspect that the Xeon CPUs will be announced later in Q1, given that the target market for these is a little different to standard desktop processors. Today’s Coverage of Intel Kaby Lake For a launch day piece, we managed to secure a sizeable chunk of hardware for analysis. As a result, rather than the usual method of shoving it all into one review and somehow getting some key analysis lost, we will be posting several pieces today to cover the main topics of the hardware at hand. Links to all the other pieces are as follows: Intel Launches 7th Generation Kaby Lake (Overview and Core Improvements) The Intel Core i7-7700K Review: The New Out-of-the-box Performance Champion The Intel Core i5-7600K Review: The More Amenable Mainstream Performer Upcoming (we’re at CES and didn’t have time to finish these yet): Calculating Generational IPC Changes from Sandy Bridge to Kaby Lake The Intel Core i3-7350K Review: When a Core i3 Nearly Matches the Core i7-2600K Intel Core i7-7700K, i5-7600K and i3-7350K Overclocking: Hitting 5.0 GHz on AIR Intel Launches 200-Series Chipset Breakdown: Z270, H270, B250, Q250, C232 Intel Z270 Motherboard Preview: A Quick Look at 80+ Motherboards A New Optimized 14nm Process: 14nm+ Intel Launches 7th Generation Kaby Lake A New Optimized 14nm Process: 14nm+ Speed Shift v2: Speed Harder Optane Memory: Support for Intel 3D XPoint Intel Authenticate and OPI 3.0 The Kaby Lake-U/Y GPU - Media Capabilities 200-Series Chipsets and Motherboards A Brief Rundown of Results for Kaby Lake on Desktop Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 42 Comments View All Comments hans_ober - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link i7-7820HK typo: boost frequency of 4.9GHz Reply kenansadhu - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Oh it was a typo? I was so happy to see that. So what's the correct boost speed? I'm also curious about the price. Is it actually not more expensive than other i7 models? Reply midspace - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link should be Boost of 3.9Ghz http://ark.intel.com/products/97464/Intel-Core-i7-... Reply hansmuff - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Fist time I read about the AVX Offset feature.. pretty cool and I'm looking forward to benchmarks playing with it. I wonder what AMDs chips will do with regards to that, I can only assume they have similar thermal issues with those instruction sets. Reply ddriver - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link TICK TOCK MEH Reply Mr Perfect - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link "Calculating Generational IPC Changes from Sandy Bridge to Kaby Lake" Looking forward to this one, as I've still got an i7-2600 kicking it in my machine. Maybe we can declare Sandy Bridge dead again? ;) Reply kmmatney - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link The performance improvement from Skylake is minimal. If Skylake wasn't enough to upgrade, then Kaby lake won't be either. If you have a 2600K, especially overclocked, then you are better off buying other improvements - such as SSDs or better video cards, which you can still take along whenever you do upgrade. My personal upgrade strategy over the last 20 years was to upgrade whenever I could double my performance at the same price. I can still do this with video cards, but not with cpus. Reply Cellar Door - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link You completely missed the sarcasm in Mr Perfect's post. And as far as upgrade strategies go, it basically always comes down to what your wallet can handle and its not black and while 2x perf. increase. EX. new VP9 hw decode - perfect for laptops, yet nowhere near 2x perf increase in all other areas. Reply esterhasz - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link I think that kmmatney had desktops in mind... But yeah, I'm actually pretty excited for KL in laptops. YouTube is pushing VP9 really hard and I'm curious what the Iris+ 650 will be able to do. No miracles for sure, but coming from a Haswell U-Series chip, the time's finally ripe for an upgrade. Reply Mr Perfect - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Yeah, that exactly what I've been doing. A 1TB 850 Evo, Windows 10 and a GTX1060 made the 2600 completely relevant again. I'm actually still feeling the limit of the GPU, volumetric lighting in Fallout 4 is too much for the 1060. Reply 1 2 3 4 5 ▶ PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Digital Storm BOLT X: A Kaby Lake-Based SFF PC with Custom Liquid Cooling Seagate to Shut Down One of Its Largest HDD Assembly Plants OWC Previews DEC Add-On For MacBook Pro Marvell Show the 88SS1079 Controller: An Updated 88SS1074 Nintendo Switch Hardware Launch Details - 32GB w/Expandable Storage, 6.2” 720p Screen, 2.5 to 6.5 Hour Battery Life Kingston Launches DataTraveler Ultimate GT USB Flash Drive with 2 TB Capacity ASUS Announces Designo Curve MX38VQ: 37.5 Inch Curved Display with Qi Charging DEEPCOOL Showcase the GamerStorm Quadstellar: One Big Metal Shuriken Chassis CES 2017: GIGABYTE’s Thunderbolt 3 to 8x USB 3 Dock ASUS Demonstrates ROG Swift PG27UQ: 4K, 144 Hz, HDR, DCI-P3 and G-Sync HTC Announces New Phones For U: HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra CES 2017: GIGABYTE Shows Passive Apollo Lake BRIX in Embedded UCFF TWEETS IanCutress: For the RGB enthusiast who has everything https://t.co/hdy1HAgziD IanCutress: @FlameyCat Latency of what? ganeshts: @monkeybrainsnet Don't waste ad dollars on promoting to non-SF Bay Area folks unless you plan to expand (would be nice if you do that) IanCutress: @Nick_Craver @BrettHowse it is fun :) just time consuming IanCutress: @Nick_Craver Ask @BrettHowse, but we really need another laptop reviewer to cover in depth. Doing 6-10/yr atm RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl On paper, sure. 2 DP lanes would be good enough for 1080p60, even 4Kp30 if Nintendo decides to support that RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl None that we've heard of so far. Plus it wouldn't need to, the console itself can do that RyanSmithAT: I really doubt the Switch consumes this much power, but it means that it can still charge quickly while in active use (i.e. docked) RyanSmithAT: Nintendo Switch power input, taken from Nintendo's 3D render for promo videos: 15V @ 2.6A (39W). Subject to change before release, of course RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte None has been spotted IanCutress: Part SoC, part external chipset?@RyanSmithAT ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy BRCM was definitely not an amateur. The Chinese Phytium Mars, on the other hand... ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy One less ARM v8 server vendor - does not look like a positive for the ARM server ecosystem ganeshts: @Bindibadgi I can't see NBASE-T taking off before cable ISPs start delivering 1 Gbps+. 802.3ad will get adopted if user friendly ganeshts: @Bindibadgi Linksys CM3132 cable modem has 2xLAN & the EA9300 router has 2xWAN ports link-aggregated. https://t.co/Jfzbt5yGnq Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Gear & Gadgets — Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake review: Is the desktop CPU dead? With identical performance to Skylake, Intel brings desktop performance to a standstill. Mark Walton (UK) - Jan 3, 2017 5:35 pm UTC Enlarge Mark Walton reader comments 450 Share this story Specs at a glance: Intel Core i7-7700K Architecture Kaby Lake Cores/Threads 4/8 Core Clock 4.2GHz Boost Clock 4.5GHz L3 Cache 8MB Memory Controller Two channel DDR4 TDP 91W Price £330/$350 The Intel Core i7-7700K is what happens when a chip company stops trying. The i7-7700K is the first desktop Intel chip in brave new post-"tick-tock" world—which means that instead of major improvements to architecture, process, and instructions per clock (IPC), we get slightly higher clock speeds and a way to decode DRM-laden 4K streaming video. Huzzah. For the average consumer building or buying a new performance-focused PC, a desktop chip based on 14nm Kaby Lake remains the chip of choice—a total lack of competition at this level makes sure of that. But for the enthusiast—where the latest and greatest should perform better than what came before—Kaby Lake desktop chips are a disappointment, a stopgap solution that does little more than give OEMs something new to stick on a label in a 2017 product stack. What's new? Further ReadingIntel pushes out the rest of its Kaby Lake processor lineup for 2017Which is not to say that the whole of the Kaby Lake lineup is a bust. There are some performance gains to be had further down the product stack, particularly in the graphics department. 15W U-series processors for thin-and-light laptops feature new Intel Iris Plus graphics, which promise as much as a 65 percent performance boost over older Intel HD graphics, while the more mature 14nm manufacturing process (dubbed 14nm+) promises better battery life. 45W H-series chips for laptops are unlocked for overclocking, and there's the new Core i3-7350K, an unlocked dual-core processor with hyperthreading for overclocking on the cheap. Know your codenames Codename and year Process Prominent consumer CPU branding Tick/tock Westmere (2010) 32nm Core i3/i5/i7 Tick (new process) Sandy Bridge (2011) 32nm Second-generation Core i3/i5/i7 Tock (new architecture) Ivy Bridge (2012) 22nm Third-generation Core i3/i5/i7 Tick Haswell (2013) 22nm Fourth-generation Core i3/i5/i7 Tock Broadwell (2014-15) 14nm Fifth-generation Core i3/i5/i7, Core M Tick/"Process" Skylake (2015-16) 14nm Sixth-generation Core i3/i5/i7, Core m3/m5/m7 Tock/"Architecture" Kaby Lake (2016-17) "14nm+" Seventh-generation Core i3/i5/i7, Core m3 "Optimization" Cannonlake (2017?) 10nm TBA "Process" The quad-core i7-7700K, which sits at the very top of the Kaby Lake lineup, is less interesting. Compared to the sixth-gen i7-6700K Skylake processor that preceded it, the i7-7700K gains a small bump in base and boost clocks to 4.2GHz and 4.5GHz respectively, as well as the deceptively named Intel HD Graphics 630. The latter, while new in name, is largely identical to the Intel HD Graphics 530 found in the i7-6700K. There are no major architectural changes, and it runs at the same 1150MHz clock speed. What you do get is support for 4K media decoding inside Windows 10's PlayReady 3.0 DRM, which makes 4K Netflix possible on PC. Further ReadingNetflix 4K streaming comes to the PC—but it needs Kaby Lake CPUKaby Lake motherboards are much like Kaby Lake processors: there's little of the way of actual performance improvements. Useful for storage fans, however, is the addition of four extra PCIe lanes to the top-end Z270 and Q270 chipsets, for a total of 24. With high performance storage having moved to the PCIe interface over SATA (see the NVMe-based Samsung 950 Pro), PCIe lanes are quickly becoming scarce. Combined with the 16 PCIe lanes on the processor, a Kaby Lake system now sports a total of 40 PCIe lanes. Up to six SATA 3.0 ports are supported by the Intel chipset, along with a total of 14 USB ports (2.0 and 3.0), three PCIe 3.0 storage slots, and three independent displays when using integrated graphics. Any other features are manufacturer specific. Mark Walton Mark Walton Mark Walton The spectacularly l33t gamer ASUS ROG Maximus IX Code, for instance (as used to benchmark the i7-7700K for this review), features an extra pair of USB 3.1 ports (one Type-A one Type-C) on the rear via an additional Asmedia controller. Interestingly, Asus has also placed a USB 3.1 header on the board itself for use with front panel Type-C connectors. Unfortunately, since this header is non-standard, only a handful of cases from Lian-Li and In-Win actually support it. Elsewhere, there are the usual array of Asus enhancements, including its excellent 2X2 802.11 a/b/g/n/ac MU-MIMO Wi-Fi, SupremeFX Audio S1220 solution (featuring a ESS Hi-Fi Sabre DAC), Intel I219-V Gigabit Ethernet chip, dual M.2 SSD slots, and enthusiast-friendly features like dedicated water pump headers, PMW/DC support across all five fan headers, and SLI support. Naturally, since it's now apparently a prerequisite for all enthusiast PC hardware, there's built-in RGB lighting tucked underneath the Code's hardy plastic cladding. It's worth noting that the Code is but a small part of what is a huge, horribly confusing line-up of Z270 motherboards from Asus, each of which has an ever so slightly different price point and set of features. The Code sits near the top of the pile with a £307 price tag (the most expensive being the £554 Maximums IX Extreme), but prices go as low as £117 for the Prime 270-P. I've said it before and I'll say it again: the motherboard market is needlessly intimidating to new PC builders. How anyone is supposed to know whether to buy a Deluxe, a Code, or whatever without some serious research is a mystery. What's wrong with good, better, best? Page: 1 2 Next → Mark Walton Mark is Consumer Editor at Ars Technica UK by day, and keen musician by night. He hails from the UK, the home of ARM, heavy metal, and superior chocolate. Email mark.walton@arstechnica.co.uk // Twitter @markalexwalton reader comments 450 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
The Latest New Products Must-See Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español New Intel CPUs to power desktops, laptops, hybrids and more The seventh-generation Core i-series, also known as Kaby Lake, gets a major expansion at CES 2017. Laptops by Dan Ackerman January 3, 2017 9:09 AM PST @danackerman Up Next Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS At CES 2017, Intel has announced a major (but largely expected) expansion of its current CPU lineup, with the addition of several new and more powerful seventh-generation Core i-series processors. We've already seen and tested a handful of laptops with processors from Intel's seventh-generation of Core i-series chips, sometimes known by the code name Kaby Lake. But, those late-2016 systems, such as the Acer Swift 7, used low-power Y-series processors, which are intended for slim, lightweight laptops that need passable performance and excellent battery life -- these were not the mainstream CPUs most laptops and desktops rely on. (In fact, under the sixth-generation, also known as Skylake, Y-series chips were previously branded as Core M, a less powerful line than the traditional Core i3/i5/i7 CPUs.) Photo by Intel Now, Intel is ready to make seventh-generation processors available across a wider range of PCs. These new parts are more powerful quad-core CPUs, aimed at performance users interested in gaming, overclocking, or enterprise-level vPro systems (a set of Intel features for corporate IT security). Highlights of the newly announced expanded seventh-gen lineup include (as per Intel): 4.5W Intel Core vPro processors (Y-series) for 2 in 1 detachables 15W Intel Core vPro, 15W and 28W Intel Core processors (U-series) for 2 in 1 convertibles and thin and light clamshells including SKUs with Intel IrisTM Plus graphics 45W Intel Core vPro processors (H-series) for large screen clamshells and premium notebooks 45W Intel Core mobile processor (H-series), unlocked SKUs for enthusiast and VR-capable notebooks 45W Intel Xeon processors for mobile workstations 65W Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for mainstream towers 65W and 35W Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for All-in-Ones and minis 95W and 65W Intel Core processors (S-series) for enthusiast towers, including unlocked SKUs Here's a full list of Intel's new processors and their specs, in PDF form. These new Kaby Lake CPUs are not radically different from the sixth-gen Skylake ones they replace, as both are built on the same 14-nanometer process, highlighting the difficulty in really moving the needle on PC components these days. Intel says the new chips will offer smoother 4K video playback (and improved battery life while doing so), better graphics in both games and VR, even without a discrete graphics chip from a company like Nvidia or AMD, and support for fast Thunderbolt 3 data transfer. There are also security improvements to the vPro platform, which is a series of hardware and software tools, mostly of interest to IT managers. Those include new features for multifactor authentication, facial recognition login, and password managers. You can expect to see several new laptop and desktop models announced this week at CES that will use the new Intel seventh-generation CPUs. Share your voice 0 comments Tags CES 2017 Laptops Desktops Intel Related Stories How to disable your MacBook's iSight camera Consumer Reports will retest MacBook Pro battery life If you bring a new laptop to CES 2017, better make sure it's a two-in-one hybrid Best laptops of 2017 Close   Discuss: New Intel CPUs to power desktops, laptops,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS CES and Detroit: Drink car tech from the firehose. (CNET on Cars, Ep. 103) Want to see the future of car technology? Cooley found it for you in Las Vegas and Detroit. by Brian Cooley 18:35 Nintendo Switch debuts with tons of info This week's biggest tech stories include a blowout of new information on Nintendo's next console, the tablet-hybrid Switch. by Jeff Bakalar Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Motherboards  Gigabyte Aorus Z270X-Gaming 9 Motherboard Review Gigabyte Aorus Z270X-Gaming 9 Motherboard Review Posted by Steven Kean | Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - 11:12 AM 1 Comments Jump To: Page 1: Gigabyte Aorus Z270X-Gaming 9 Motherboard Review Page 2: Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Overview Page 3: Intel Z270X Test Platform Page 4: Gigabyte Value Added Software Page 5: UEFI BIOS Page 6: Overclocking Page 7: General Performance Testing Page 8: Gaming Performance Testing Page 9: Storage Performance Page 10: Power Consumption and Temperature Page 11: Final Thoughts and Conclusions Gigabyte Aorus Z270X-Gaming 9 Motherboard Review As many companies are doing, Gigabyte is diversifying their product lines; separating their mainstream product lines and their premium gaming lines.  Aorus might not be a name many are familiar with, this is where Gigabyte will focus on their premium gaming products that includes GeForce GTX gaming laptops with VR capabilities, gaming oriented motherboards, graphics cards, mechanical keyboards, and mice.  These products  provide ultimate performance and focus’s on what PC gamer wants in their hardware. Gigabyte Aorus Introduction Gigabyte Aorus Z270 Models We have been hearing about Intel’s Kaby Lake processor for a while now, it includes advancements for 4K UHD content, improved IGP, higher clock speeds, faster boost speed, and more.  Along with the improvements in the processor, comes their new motherboard chipset, the Intel Z270.  Gigabyte Aorus has sent us one of the latest motherboards that is designed for the extreme enthusiast, the Z270X-Gaming 9.  This is Aorus’s top of the line motherboard for their initial release of the Intel Z270 series motherboards. Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 The Aorus Z270X-Gaming 9 motherboard, is an E-ATX motherboard, and has many features; some of which we have seen before on previous motherboards.  For example, we have seen integrated RGB LED’s on the motherboard, on the Z270X-Gaming 9, Aorus has taken that a step further and enabled multi-zone RGB lighting which is capable of 16.8 million RGB colors, and 8 different lighting effects!  That’s not all for the lighting options, we’ll look at the others later. Lighting enhancements aside, the Gaming 9 is extremely capable when it comes to storage.  It has options for SATA, SATA Express, M.2 and U.2 drives!  USB connections include USB 3.1 Gen 1, and Gen 2 (both Type-A and Type-C).  LAN options include Killer DoubleShot-X3 Pro, supported by dual gigabit Killer E2500 ethernet ports, and a Killer 1535 Wireless AC option. Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 EK Waterblock As the Gaming-9 is their current flagship motherboard, so it is designed for overclocking and to be pushed to the limit.  To help keep vital components cool, there is an EK designed G-Frost Hybrid Water Block installed around the CPU.  The EK G-Frost Hybrid Water Block directly cools the VRM and MOSFETs.   On the two ends are two G1/4″ threaded fittings, which will make adding this to your custom liquid cooling solution easy.   The top and bottom portions of the waterblock are made of aluminum, and has a copper insert to transfer the heat, while a custom O-Ring keeps the liquid contained within the unit.  In addition to the custom water block, there are also dedicated headers for liquid cooling pumps.  Being a flagship motherboard, you can expect to pay a premium for it, the Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming-9 has a MSRP of $499.99 which includes a 3 year warranty. If you find the Gaming-9 isn’t exactly for you, Gigabyte Aorus will have a range of motherboards available at launch starting at $179.90 with the Z270X Gaming K5, going up to the flagship Z270X Gaming-9.  With this range of motherboards you should be able to find the perfect Gigabyte Aorus Z270X motherboard for you when they go on sale starting January 5th, 2017. Gigabyte Aorus Z270 Motherboard Line-up Model MSRP Z270-X Gaming-9 $499.90 Z270X Gaming-8 $389.90 Z270X Gaming-7 $239.90 Z270X Gaming K7 $199.90 Z270X Gaming-5 $194.90 Z270X Gaming K5 $179.90 Features and Specifications 4-Way Graphics Support Dual Armor with Ultra Durable Design EKWB G-Frost Hybrid Water Block Multi-Zone LED Light Show Design Dual DAC-UP 2 USB Ports Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Specifications CPU Support Intel 7th / 6th Gen Core Processors CPU Socket 1151 Chipset Intel Z270 Chipset Graphics Interface 2x PCIe 3.0 x16 2x PCIe 3.0 x8 Memory Type 2 Channel DDR4 Memory DIMMs 4x DDR4 Expansion Slots 2x PCIe 3.0 x1 SATA Connectors 3x SATA Express 8x SATA 3 2x M.2 SATA RAID RAID 0, 1, 5, 10 U.2 2x U.2 USB 1x USB 3.1 Gen 2 with USB Type-C 1x USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-A 9x USB 3.1 Gen 1 4x USB 2.0 Audio Creative Sound Core 3D Sound Blaster 120dB+ SNR Certified LAN Killer DoubleShot X3 Pro 2x Killer E2500 Gigabit 1x Killer 1535 Wireless AC Video Output HDMI 2.0 / DisplayPort Form Factor E-ATX Warranty 3 Years Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Front of Box Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Back of Box Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 First View Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Interior Box Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Interior Box For a premium motherboard, Gigabyte Aorus has done a great job at making sure the packaging and accessory pack meets expectations.  The outside of the box, presents the usual information; the front has their branding, model and several key features listed, while the back delves into specific features.  All of which allow the user to know what they can expect from the Z270X Gaming-9.  Opening the box, the motherboard has been placed in a form fitting foam block, with a plastic cover.  Below the motherboard, we find a large number of accessories, and a secondary box that contains even more accessories. Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Loose Accessories Gigabyte Aorus has included a rather extensive accessory pack with the Gaming-9.  They separated the accessory pack into two groups.  The first was loose in the box, like we typically see.  This portion of the pack included two RGB LED strip header leads, six premium cloth wrapped SATA cables, the rear I/O plate with LEDs built in, a 3-way and 4-way SLI bracket, plus a CrossFire flexible connector.  So far, I’m impressed with the accessory pack.  On to the box with the second set of accessories. Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Additional Accessories in Box Inside the box, is the typical User’s manual, quick installation guide, and driver DVD.  Additionally, there is a Gigabyte Aorus door knocker, an alternate acryllic accent LED strip, two large velcro Aorus branded straps, two thermal leads, DisplayPort/HDMI port covers, quick attach front panel connector, a 2-way SLI connector, and a sheet of cable tags.  Gigabyte Aorus provides an impressive accessory pack, including everything required to get the system up and running, plus many extras. Let’s unpack the motherboard and take a closer look at it. Questions or Comments? View this thread in our forums! Jump To: Page 1: Gigabyte Aorus Z270X-Gaming 9 Motherboard Review Page 2: Gigabyte Aorus Z270X Gaming 9 Overview Page 3: Intel Z270X Test Platform Page 4: Gigabyte Value Added Software Page 5: UEFI BIOS Page 6: Overclocking Page 7: General Performance Testing Page 8: Gaming Performance Testing Page 9: Storage Performance Page 10: Power Consumption and Temperature Page 11: Final Thoughts and Conclusions 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11  Next » Terry Perry Another M.B. has a 3 y warranty LOL try finding this in 3 years. Every 6-8 months a new one. I usually buy 2 boards just in case one goes out. Then i don’t have a worthless chip down the road my 2500 chip has 3 boards set up i switch the chip around. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Motherboards  ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Review ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Review Posted by Steven Kean | Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - 11:21 AM 0 Comments Jump To: Page 1: ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Review Page 2: ASUS Prime Z270-A Overview Page 3: Intel Z270 Test Platform Page 4: ASUS Value Added Software Page 5: UEFI BIOS Page 6: Overclocking Page 7: General Performance Testing Page 8: Gaming Performance Testing Page 9: Storage Performance Page 10: Power Consumption and Temperature Page 11: Final Thoughts and Conclusions ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Review ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Overview ASUS is one of the premier motherboard manufaturers, it is one of a handful of companies that enthusiast keep an eye on for new technology.  As Intel is releasing a new processor, a new motherboard chipset comes along with that.  The Intel Z270 includes a number of enhancements for 4K video, new storage devices such as Intel Optane, and more.  Most manufacturers will release a handful of motherboards designed to fit a wide range of users.  ASUS is preparing six Z270 motherboards for the initial launch of the chipset.  These motherboards are expected to range in price from $164 up to $379 at launch.  Today, we are getting a chance to take an early look at the Prime Z270-A motherboard, which is expected to have an MSRP of $164 with a 3 year warranty.  This puts it at the low end of ASUS’s Z270 line-up, however that doesn’t mean that they skimped out on the features. Here is a quick look at the ASUS Z270 motherboard line-up at launch.  As we can see, the Prime Z270-A will be at the low end of the motherboards, however that doesn’t mean that ASUS has skimped out on features.  Also, we should note that the ROG Maximus IV Formula is listed with a $379 MSRP, however ASUS expects that will drop by time they go on sale on January 5th. ASUS Z270 Motherboard Lineup with MSRP:  ROG Maximus IX Formula – $379 ROG Maximus Code – $299 ROG Maximus IX Hero – $229 ROG STRIX Z270E – $199 ROG STRIX Z270G – $189 PRIME Z270-A – $164 It includes most of the storage options available with support for six SATA 6Gb/s drives, two M.2 (both SATA and PCIe) with support for Intel Optane, and multiple USB 3.1 connections.  Video options range from on-board graphics supplied by the latest Intel HD Graphics with HDMI 1.4a, DisplayPort 1.2 and DVI-D.  This also includes support for Intel InTru 3D, Quick Sync Video, Clear Video HD Technology and Insider.  However most enthusiasts will look at adding in a dedicated graphics card, which the ASUS Prime Z270-A supports 2-Way NVIDIA SLI or 3-Way CrossFireX. ASUS Prime Z270-A Aura RGB Path Lighting Storage and graphics options aside, there is a lot more to the Prime Z270-A hidden beneath the surface.  Separating the audio from the rest of the motherboard has become pretty common, ASUS does this and lights up the audio separation with RGB lighting.  The ASUS Aura RGB lighting system is becoming one of the most popular RGB lighting standards around, the Prime Z270-A includes a connection on the motherboard to support RGB light strips. There is much more to see on the Prime Z270-A, let’s get started with a quick look at the features and specifications, before getting to the motherboard. Features and Specifications Ready for Intel Optane Technology Native M.2/NVMe PCIe RAID Support AURA RGB lighting and synchronization ASUS exclusive Realtek S1220A audio codec featuring Crystal Sound 3 ASUS Prime Z270-A Specifications CPU Socket 1151 for 6th and 7th Generation Intel Core i7/i5/i3/Pentium/Celeron Chipset Intel Z270 Chipset Memory 4x DIMM Max 64GB, DDR4 up to 3866(OC) Expansion Slots 2x PCIe 3.0 x16 slot (x16 or x8/x8) 1x PCIe 3.0 x16 slot (max x4 mode) 4x PCIe 3.0 x1 slots VGA Multi-VGA output support DisplayPort 1.2, HDMI 1.4a, DVI-D Storage 1x M.2 Socket 3 with M-Key; type 2242/2260/2280/22110 (SATA and PCIe Mode) 1x M.2 Socket 3 with M-Key; type 2242/2260/2280 (PCIe mode only; shares SATA_56 ports for x4 mode) LAN Intel I219-V Gigabit LAN Audio Realtek S1220A 8-channel high definition audio CODEC featuring Crystal Sound 3 DTS HeadphoneX and DTS Connect USB 1x Type-A USB 3.1 (back panel) 1x Type-C USB 3.1 (back panel) 6x USB 3.0/2.0 6x USB 2.0/1.1 Warranty 3 Year ASUS Prime Z270-A Front of Box ASUS Prime Z270-A Back of Box ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Packaging ASUS packages the Prime Z270-A like most motherboards.  The exterior of the box presents the key features on the front, along with an overview picture of the motherboard.  Flipping the box over, the back presents much more information on the Prime Z270-A.  Information on several key features such as 5-Way Optimization for overclocking, ASUS Aura, storage options and ASUS exclusive Realtek S1220A audio codec are provided.  On the back, ASUS also lists out the other specifications of the motherboard.  Opening the lid on the box, we find the motherboard in a standard anti-static bag, packed in the box pretty tightly to help avoid damage while being shipped. ASUS Prime Z270-A Accessories Included with the ASUS Prime Z270-A is a fairly standard accessory pack.  For documentation, the user manual and a driver/software DVD is included.  In addition, the standard rear I/O cover shield, ASUS CPU installation guide, three SATA cables, and the ASUS quick connect for the front panel headers.  The included SLI bracket is also standard, however ASUS has upgraded it from the “standard” basic flexible model to a heavy duty PCB based model. Lets take a quick look around the Prime Z270-A before we get to doing some testing. Questions or Comments? View this thread in our forums! Jump To: Page 1: ASUS Prime Z270-A Motherboard Review Page 2: ASUS Prime Z270-A Overview Page 3: Intel Z270 Test Platform Page 4: ASUS Value Added Software Page 5: UEFI BIOS Page 6: Overclocking Page 7: General Performance Testing Page 8: Gaming Performance Testing Page 9: Storage Performance Page 10: Power Consumption and Temperature Page 11: Final Thoughts and Conclusions 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11  Next » Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Press Releases  ASUS Announces Intel Z270 Series Motherboards ASUS Announces Intel Z270 Series Motherboards Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - 11:05 AM ASUS Announces Z270 Series Motherboards ROG, ROG Strix, Prime, TUF and Workstation motherboards feature new innovations to extract the best performance from the new 7th Generation Intel Core processors Las Vegas (January 3, 2017) — ASUS today announced its current 2017 lineup of Z270 motherboards designed to maximize the performance of 7th Generation Intel Core processors. The new range includes the highly-anticipated next-generation Republic of Gamers (ROG) Maximus IX gaming motherboards for the gaming and performance oriented enthusiast — with Maximus IX Apex having already secured its place as the best performing Z270 motherboard by claiming eight world records and 13 global first places in some of the world’s toughest benchmarks. Also included in the lineup are the latest ROG Strix gaming motherboards that redefine gaming centric motherboard design, the all-new ASUS Prime series for everyday customization and tuning, and the latest ASUS TUF boards with unparalleled reliability, stability and newly-added overclocking abilities. The ASUS workstation motherboard series has also been updated for the Z270 revolution — and all boards are loaded with exclusive technologies to enable users to extract every ounce of performance from Intel’s latest CPUs. Commenting on the Z270 motherboard series, Joe Hsieh, ASUS Corporate Vice President and General Manager of Motherboard Business Unit &amp; New Product Planning Division said, &quot;Our previousgenerations have been validated, praised and awarded by the media and our customers, confirming ASUS is the number-one motherboard brand for all your needs. For our Z270 generation, we’ve taken innovation and customization to the next level, with personalization features such as Aura Sync RGB lighting, exclusive EFI controls and support for 3D-printed components. We’ve also co-operated with Shapeways to launch a dedicated ASUS shop where users are able to purchase, download and customize and 3D-printable accessories worldwide — so they’ll have options to customize their systems in ways not previously available. It’s time to unlock the power of 7th Generation Intel Core processors — and an ASUS Z270-series motherboard is the perfect way to do just that! Please visit ASUS EdgeUp for more on the ASUS Z270 lineup and an in-depth look at ASUS exclusive features. AVAILABILITY & PRICING ASUS Z270, H270 and B250 Intel chipset based motherboards are available worldwide starting on January 5, 2017. Please contact your local ASUS representative for further information. About ASUS ASUS is one of Fortune magazine’s World’s Most Admired Companies, and is dedicated to creating products for today and tomorrow’s smart life. Our comprehensive portfolio includes Zenbo, ZenFone, ZenBook and a range of IT devices and components, along with AR, VR and IoT. ASUS employs more than 17,000 people worldwide and over 5,500 world-class R&amp;D talents. Driven by innovation and committed to quality, the company won 4,368 awards and earned approximately US$14 billion of revenue in 2015. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Intel's new NUC mini-desktops get Kaby Lake, Optane and Thunderbolt 3 Intel's new NUC mini-desktops get Kaby Lake, Optane and Thunderbolt 3 Intel's introducing five new mini-PCs at CES with its latest 7th Generation Core i3, i5 and i7 chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 January, 2017 04:00 - - - - print email Comments A lot of cool technologies are coming to Intel's latest NUCs, which are powerful mini-desktops that now boast the company's latest Kaby Lake chips. A NUC  packs all components tightly in a small PC that is light enough to be held  in one hand. These mini-PCs are easily customizable and considered desktop replacements. Some of the new NUCs have Thunderbolt 3 ports, Intel Iris Plus graphics for 4K video, and are ready for Intel's superfast Optane storage. Intel has announced three new "tall" NUCs with 7th Generation Core i3, i5 and i7 chips, and two "short" NUCs with Core i3 and i5 chips. The "tall NUCs" are slightly larger and more powerful than the short NUCs. The primary use of the Kaby Lake NUCs is for home entertainment, video editing, mainstream gaming and as a smart home hub, an Intel spokesman said. The NUCs with Core i3 will be available shortly after CES, while others with Core i5 and i7 will ship later in the first quarter. The new NUCs are being announced alongside new Kaby Lake chips, which are being used in dozens of new laptops. The Kaby Lake chips are between 5 to 15 percent faster than Intel's older chips code-named Skylake. The tall Core i7 unit is new, while the others are succeeding older NUCs with Skylake chips. Intel hasn't announced a successor to its popular NUC called Skull Canyon, which has a Skylake chip. The mini-desktops with Core i3 will serve as entry-level units, but Core i5 and i7 units are powerful and loaded with Thunderbolt 3 and Intel Iris Plus graphics. All the tall NUCs -- the NUC7i3BNH with Core i3, NUC7i5BNH with Core i5 and the NUC7i7BNH with Core i7 -- will also be ready for Optane. Optane is a new class of memory and storage that could replace conventional SSDs and DRAM in PCs. The short NUCs -- NUC7i3BNK with Core i3 and NUC7i5BNK with Core i5 -- will not support Optane. Optane will initially be available in the form of low-capacity flash storage that will help speed up applications. Optane, which is based on 3D Xpoint technology, will later be available in the form of high-capacity SSDs and memory DIMMs. Intel has shown Optane SSDs being 10 times faster than conventional SSDs, and denser than DRAM. Laptops like the ThinkPad T570 are already being announced with support for Optane. All the mini-PCs will support HDMI 2.0 for 4K video. Details on other ports in the NUCs weren't available, but will be shared by Intel on its website. But one can expect the latest 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth. The Thunderbolt 3 port will carry out the functions of a standard USB-C port. Thunderbolt 3 will make it possible to attach portable storage, external graphics cards and monitors to NUCs with communication speeds of up to 40Gbps (bits per second). The NUCs will support DDR4 memory. The prices of the new NUCs aren't expected to be very different than those of its predecessors, the Intel spokesman said. With that in mind, the tall Core i3 NUCs could be priced at around US$300 and the Core i5 units at $400. The tall Core i7 unit could be priced at around $500. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about IntelLake Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Dell EMC Global data protection index II Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner Email Security in a Zero Trust World Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Linux Systems Engineer QLD System Administrator NSW Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network QLD Senior Business Analyst NSW Project Manager NSW Level 3 Engineer NSW Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network NSW IT Solutions Architect QLD Senior Linux Systems Administrator NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next My month with the Surface Book i7 with Performance Base ​Steven Fox leaves Caltex ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow CSO After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims Suspected NSA tool hackers dump more cyberweapons in farewell Guccifer 2.0, alleged Russian cyberspy, returns to deride US Siblings arrested in Italy's worst cyberespionage operation ever Computerworld The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Computerworld news now available via Alexa Flash Briefing Will Trump's policies increase IT employment? ARN Security concerns remain as open source usage surges Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe InfoTrust - Specialising in security ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Techworld Social networks let the rich buy influence 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine The Switch is a mix of Nintendo's past consoles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February INU is a pricey personal scooter for the urban consumer CMO Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data Interview: The business case for mixed reality in marketing Marketing, sales and IT could be up for big pay rises in 2017 Design thinking: Leading with experience Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > News > Intel kicks Kaby Lake into high gear with more tha... Intel kicks Kaby Lake into high gear with more than 40 chips and Optane support Support for high-speed Optane memory could be Intel's edge over AMD's impressive Ryzen chips. Mark Hachman (PC World (US online)) on 04 January, 2017 04:00 0 - - - - print email After launching its first dual-core “Kaby Lake” chips for ultrathin notebooks in August, the floodgates have opened. At CES in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Intel announced it's now shipping 40 different Kaby Lake quad-core processors, for products ranging from tiny Compute Sticks to performance laptops and desktop PCs. With the first Kaby Lake reviews already in the can, you might think that that’s all one can say about the new chips. But Intel executives say that—whoa!—the new processors will also support Intel’s revolutionary 3D XPoint or “Optane” memory, a super-SSD “that will make a system faster with very limited tradeoffs from a system perspective,” according to Karen Regis, director of mobile platform marketing at Intel. From a performance standpoint, Intel expects the new chips to perform 20 percent better than the old quad-core Broadwell Core chips of 2013, using the standard SYSmark 2014 benchmark. Video, though, remains one of Kaby Lake’s strengths. The integrated hardware video accelerator within Kaby Lake that Intel discussed previously will boost 4K video creation capabilities by up to 65 percent compared to the Broadwell chips, and playback will be accelerated as well. Optane adds a new, unexpected wrinkle. Who’s going to build Optane memory? What will it cost? What performance benefits will it actually deliver? Should I hold off on buying memory, and save up for Optane instead? All these details remain tantalizingly just out of reach. And, of course, the other major question is about the effect of AMD’s Ryzen: How, if at all, will it shake up Intel’s pricing strategy? Intel Intel is launching more than 40 of its “Kaby Lake” Core chips, for tiny compute sticks all the way up to performance desktops. Speeds and feeds To recap: in August, Intel launched the dual-core 4.5-watt Y-series and 15W U-series Kaby Lake chips, for ultra-low-power 2-in-1s, 2-in-1 convertibles, and ultrabook clamshell PCs. Those families also now include a 15W vPro U-series version for corporate PCs and a 28W U-series chip. Today’s launch concerns the new quad-core Kaby Lake chips, though, which include:  Dual- and quad-core H-series chips (45W) for both large clamshells and VR-capable notebooks. Unlocked versions are included, as are vPro derivatives. Base clock speeds range from 2.5GHz to 3.1GHz, with turbo-boosted speeds up to 4.1GHz. Prices range from $225 to $568 in 1,000-unit lots; expect retail prices to be a bit higher. Dual- and quad-core S-series chips (35W, 65W, 95W) for mainstream desktop tower PCs, including vPro. The 35W chips can be also used for all-in-ones and mini PCs, while the 65W and 95W series are designed for enthusiast PCs, including unlocked versions. Base clock speeds range from 2.4GHz to 4.2GHz, with boosted clocks up to 4.5GHz. Prices range from $117 to $339. Quad-core mobile Xeon chips for mobile workstations. Base clock speeds range from 3GHz to 3.1GHz, with boosted clocks up to 4.2GHz. Eight new chipsets: five (the Q270, Q250, Z270, H270 and B250) for desktops, and three (the CM238, HM175 and QM175) for mobile PCs. All of the 200-series chips are Optane-ready, and they include four extra PCI Express lanes. Even that summary doesn’t tell the whole story, of course. If AMD’s Ryzen delivers on its promises, Intel may have to adjust its premium pricing downward. Intel’s 4.2GHz quad-core i7-7700K 91W desktop chip is priced at $339, but it’s the i7-7920HQ 45W H-series chip for notebooks that commands the premium $568. The probable reason: AMD won’t deliver its Raven Ridge notebook chips based on Ryzen until the second half of 2017. In the continued absence of true competition, Intel is free to price its processors as it wishes. Here's Intel’s own summary of what it’s announcing: Intel Intel Note that Intel is breaking out its single- (SCT) dual- (DCT) and quad- (QCT) core turbo boosted speeds. Because the majority of legacy PC games run on a single core, the single-core boost score is the most significant. But the other numbers also show how better-coded, multithreaded games will run in an overclocked state. Note, too, that Intel is playing it a little cagey with its S-series chips—thus the lack of detail in the boost speeds. That’s the Ryzen effect too, apparently—though Intel executives declined to comment on AMD’s chip. More powerful integrated graphics and overclocking You may notice one other change from Intel’s charts above: Intel’s Iris Pro integrated graphics is gone, replaced by a new brand, “Iris Plus.” Intel believes Iris Plus will deliver a 65-percent improvement in 3D graphics (measured by the 3DMark Sky Diver benchmark) and a 40-percent improvement in video conversion (in TouchXPRT 2014) over the current HD Graphics integrated cores that make up the bulk of Intel’s chips. Basically, think of Iris Plus as the upgrade that will help propel Kaby Lake systems into 1080p gaming at lower quality levels, according to Intel. Intel A retail box containing Intel’s Core i5 “Kaby Lake” chip. If Iris Plus isn’t enough, Intel’s also releasing three unlocked S-series processors: the i7-7700K, the i5-7600K, and the i3-7560K. The trio will have two new ways to be overclocked. The first is the ability to automatically tweak the base (“b”) clock as well as the clock multiplier. CPUs run on a base clock (typically 100MHz) as well as a user-adjustable multiplier. The automated Intel tool now allows an overclocker to adjust the base clock as well as the multiplier. That additional level of fine-grained control should assist in stable overclocking, Intel says. The second way, known as “AVX offset ratio,” actually dials down the clock speed when a computationally complex AVX instruction is executed, so the otherwise overclocked processor doesn’t overheat. Looking ahead to Optane It isn’t quite true to say that Kaby Lake was built explicitly for Optane, though this will be the first Intel architecture that supports the revolutionary new storage technology. Optane (Intel’s brand name for its 3D XPoint technology, co-developed with Micron) is essentially a replacement for an SSD, though an Optane module will first be slotted into a traditional DRAM slot. Intel’s shown how Optane can blow away traditional NAND flash memory, and leaked slides hint that Intel has Optane-based SSDs in the works, too. There are serious questions, however, about how Micron and Intel will market and ship Optane to PC makers, who practically demand multiple sources of products for the sake of competition. It’s also not clear what the price of Optane memory will be. The only solid piece of info we have is that all of the new Intel 200-series chipsets will be Optane-ready, Intel executives said. They also said they expect to ship Optane in the first half of the year, and board builders and system builders will be able to plan ahead for the new memory technology. The bottom line, however, is that you won’t be able to buy Optane modules right when quad-core Kaby Lake systems launch. Here are what the desktop versions look like, as described by Intel. Note the increased number of PCI Express lanes compared to the Skylake generation. Intel Additional technologies: Intel Authenticate and video Remember Intel Authenticate? Intel began showing off the multi-factor authentication last January, combining PINs with biometric authentication and even the presence of an authenticated Bluetooth phone. (Here’s our hands-on with the Intel Authenticate technology.) Now, Intel says, Intel Authenticate is ready to go mainstream, at least on business PCs. A more important feature for consumers is Kaby Lake’s integrated video engine, which the company discussed in more detail at its August launch. Supporting the more popular 4K codecs within a dedicated video block within Kaby Lake will help minimize the load on the CPU. Intel hopes the rise of 4K video will be met by content creators and resellers like Netflix, as well as 4K services like Sony Pictures’ ULTRA, FandangoNow, and iQIYI, all expected to launch in 2017, Intel executives said. Next up: Extreme Edition chips, and...? With all the Kaby Lake news, we still haven’t heard anything about Intel’s Extreme Edition chips for the creme-de-la-creme of the overclocking world. Those usually arrive in the fall. In the meantime, one big question remains: How much will AMD’s Ryzen affect the competitive landscape, and how much will Intel alter its pricing scheme as a result? It appears Ryzen will have some impact, but Intel also seems prepared to shift the discussion to Optane. Improving the CPU is significant enough, but most PC enthusiasts have bought into the belief that an SSD is the best way to speed up PC performance overall. If Optane takes storage performance to an entirely new level, some might resist Ryzen’s siren call. But Optane would have to be a generational leap ahead, rather than—ahem—a flash in the pan. Top 10 Things to Love about Surface Pro 4 More from Microsoft's Surface Pro 4 Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Mark Hachman PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Nighthawk X10 Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Gadgets & Things Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Family Friendly Google Pixel XL Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Dash cam review: The Garmin Dash Cam 35 is a little bigger and better for the price Dash cam review: The Cobra CDR895D Drive HD offers affordable dual-channel video Dash cam review: The Thinkware F770 works with your smartphone Dash cam review: Garmin's DriveAssist 50LMT is first-class almost all the way Dash cam review: The Viofo A119 is a surprisingly good bargain Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTBrand Marketing Manager - Premium Entertainment BrandNSW FTRegional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choiceQLD CCJDEVELOPERNSW CCCommunications OfficerACT FTSecurity Incident / SOC Analyst (Tier 1) - Permanent - North Ryde BasedNSW CCTest AnalystQLD CCDevops EngineerVIC FTIT Information Security AdvisorNSW FTSenior Systems AdministratorWA CCJDEVELOPERVIC FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantACT FTLevel 2 Service DeskNSW CCSenior Agile Business AnalystNSW FTProject SchedulerSA CCDigital Business Analyst l SalesforceNSW FTChief Information Security OfficerNSW CCPMO Analyst - Financial ServicesNSW FTLead Software Engineer - JavaQLD FTFull Stack PHP DevelopersQLD CCWebMethod DeveloperSA CCOrganisational Change ManagerACT FTLife/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde areaNSW FTEnterprise Account ManagerACT CCChange Manager l Port Macquarie NSWQLD CCPeoplesoft SpecialistACT Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway computerworld.com.au After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Security concerns remain as open source usage surges arnnet.com.au Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookGoogle+Log In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop Good Gear Guide > Reviews > Official Intel 7th-gen Kaby Lake Review: One big c... Official Intel 7th-gen Kaby Lake Review: One big change makes up for smaller ones Don’t dismiss Intel’s newest CPU with a meh just yet. There’s more to the chip than you expect. Gordon Mah Ung (PC World (US online)) on 04 January, 2017 04:00 0 - - - - print email Intel’s Tuesday rollout of 7th-generation Kaby Lake CPU for desktops has met a dubious fanfare of leaked reviews that dismiss the new chip as one huge Core i Yawn. Kaby Lake seems to offer barely any movement forward and when overclocked, apparently gets to nuclear-fusion levels of heat output. But it's too early to write off Kaby Lake. There’s a lot more to it that you still need to know. Intel Little-known fact: Kaby Lake gets the “7th gen” name because of the improved graphics core and video engine, while the x86 cores are essentially unchanged. What Kaby Lake brings to the desktop Kaby Lake launched in August with dual-core versions for laptops that offered reasonable performance upticks. The highlight is its video engine, which can handle 10-bit content without breaking a sweat. Play a 10-bit color depth file on a Skylake laptop with integrated graphics, and you drop frames and destroy battery life. The same video on Kaby Lake hums along with far less impact. You can see this demonstrated right here. The updated graphics core with the latest content protection can now stream 4K from services such as Netflix.com. Gordon Mah Ung Kaby Lake is the first K chip that seems able to hit 5GHz in several generations. On the desktop side, however, power users don’t care about integrated graphics, focusing more on the lackluster x86 performance.To be fair, Intel set the expectation in August that Kaby Lake was basically Skylake on an improved process that squeezes out more megahertz. For example, the top-end Core i7-7700K has a base clock of 4.2GHz and a Turbo Boost clock speed of 4.5GHz, vs. a Skylake Core i7-6700K’s base clock of 4GHz and Turbo Boost of 4.2GHz. The cache size, the core count, the memory controller and even the same LGA1151 socket are unchanged from the previous chip. Intel Intel’s “S-series” compromises its desktop lineup of new Kaby Lake-based Core CPUs. This is the real launch Intel fleshes out the Kaby Lake lineup with a total of 42 CPUs: 17 ultra low power chips for laptops, two quad-core Xeons, seven quad-core laptop CPUs, and 16 desktop CPUs. Of particular interest in that desktop lineup to DIYers are the three unlocked  “K” chips. The first two were expected: a quad-core with 4.2GHz Core i7-7700K with Hyper-Threading and a quad-core 3.8GHz Core i5-7600K without Hyper-Threading. The third is a surprise: the dual-core 4.2GHz Core i3-7350K. The CPU has Hyper-Threading but since it is a Core i3, does not have Turbo Boost enabled. (This isn’t the first time for Intel. When the company released the budget Pentium G3258 Anniversary Edition in 2014 and in 2010, it offered a dual-core Core i5-655K.)  Intel The Z270 is the first “Optane-ready” chipset from Intel. We just don’t know what exactly that means just yet. The new Z270 is  “Optane Ready” With Kaby Lake for desktops, Intel is introducing new 200-series chipsets to replace the 100-series chipsets that was introduced with Skylake. Like Kaby Lake, it is an incremental update that disappoints a bit. We expected the 200-series chipsets to feature native support for USB 3.1 10Gbps or maybe even Thunderbolt 3, but no. Instead, motherboard makers will have to add additional chips for those functions.  Intel The Z170 chipset was a big step forward for mainstream motherboard chipsets and Z270 inches it a little bit father forward. From what I can tell, there are three key changes to Z270. The first is an upgrade from the 20 lanes of PCIe Gen 3 in the Z170 to 24 lanes in the new performance Z270 chipset. The move will let motherboard makers integrate high-bandwidth connections such as M.2 or U.2 without having to share bandwidth between devices. Intel says it has also improved overclocking capability. The last upgrade is official “Optane ready” support. What that means isn’t exactly clear, but we do know Intel’s Optane (a non-volatile memory that promises much higher performance than SSDs) will go into an M.2 slot on the board, where it can be used as a traditional storage device or as a way to accelerate system performance, much like what's done today with Intel’s Smart Response Technology, which uses an SSD to cache performance from a traditional hard drive. That doesn’t mean Optane won’t work in other systems using older chipsets, but Intel is likely to support it only for “system acceleration” on Z270 initially. If none of these sound like much of an upgrade over your existing Z170 motherboard, the good news is you don’t have to buy a Z270 motherboard. Kaby Lake drops into most LGA1151 Z170 motherboards and works just fine, as long as you're using an updated BIOS that supports the new CPU. Gordon Mah Ung From left to right: An 8-core Core i7-5960X, the new Core i7-7700K, the ancient Core i7-2600K and a Core i7-4790K. How we tested For our performance testing, I focused on how Kaby Lake does against the CPU it replaces: I dropped the Core i7-7700K into the same Asus Z170 Deluxe motherboard that the Skylake chip was first tested with. The CPU was cooled with a Corsair H80i closed liquid cooler and outfitted with 16GB of Corsair DDR4/2133 RAM, a reference GeForce GTX 980 card and a 256GB HyperX SSD. The OS was Windows 10 running the TH2 build. Cinebench R15 multi-core performance PCWorld Cinebench R15 puts the new Core i7-7700K at the top of the heap for main stream quad-core chips. Our first test is Maxon’s Cinebench R15. It’s a benchmark based on Maxon’s professional Cinema4D rendering engine and is a pure CPU test. We recorded scores from many of Intel’s high-end quad-core mainstream chips, as well as chips with more cores for context. Among the quad-cores, the Core i7-7700K the winner by the expected amount. The Kaby Lake CPU is roughly 4 to 5 percent higher in clock speed and roughly 4 to 5 percent faster in Cinebench. When you look back to the Core i7-2600K though, it’s a huge 42-percent difference in performance. Stock clock performance between the Kaby Lake, Skylake and Devil’s Canyon, though, isn’t exactly going to set the world on fire. Cinebench R15 single-core performance PCWorld When run in single-threaded mode, Cinebench R15 shows a high clocked, more efficient core is the way to go. One error with focusing exclusively on multi-core performance is reality doesn’t match that. The vast majority of applications are lucky to exploit more than a single thread, instead favoring higher clock speeds and more efficient CPU cores. Once we set Cinebench R15 to run in single-threaded mode, the quad-cores with their higher clock speeds jump to the front of the line, with the Core i7-7700K now leading the pack. For most people, who don’t do 3D rendering or other heavily multi-threaded tasks, a quad-core with higher clock speeds is the right choice. Other highlights from the results: There isn’t a lot daylight between the Core i7-7700K and the Core i7-6700K. Note, too, that our 10-core Broadwell-E Core i7-6950X was performed without Turbo Boost Max. Turbo Boost Max lets the CPU greatly increase the clock speed on a single core, bringing performance a lot closer to the quad-cores. POV Ray performance PCWorld POV Ray mostly matches our results form Cinebench R15. The Kaby Lake chip wins eases out in front of the Skyale chip but it’s not a game changer. Another CPU-heavy test we use is POV Ray. It’s a ray-tracing program that traces its roots back to the Amiga. Our benchmark set is a little smaller but no surprise, the Kaby Lake, with its 4- to 5-percent clock speed advantage, finishes the test about 4 to 5 percent faster, putting the Core i7-7700K just barely behind a six-core Ivy Bridge-E Core i7-4960X. PCWorld Just like with Cinebench, when you run on a single core, the higher frequency chips win. As with Cinebench R15, we also run the test using a single-threaded workload. With lighter loads the CPUs can run at higher clock speeds and no surprise, the pair of quad-cores take the lead. Again, we saw maybe a 5 percent advantage for the Core i7-7700K over the Core i7-6700K. Continue to the next page to read more about Kaby Lake’s performance Page 1 2 3 next TP-Link Transforms From Purveyor of Fine Tools to Smart Life Enabler More from TP-Link Join the Good Gear Guide newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017intel Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Gordon Mah Ung PC World (US online) Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Nighthawk X10 Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Gadgets & Things Ehang 184 Learn more > Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Family Friendly Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Stocking Stuffer Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Star Wars Death Star Bluetooth levitating rotating speaker review 2 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 3 ​Fetch TV Mighty review: Better than Foxtel 4 ​Fetch TV Mini review: Make your TV a smart TV 5 ​Panasonic Viera DX900U UHD 4K smart TV review Latest News Articles Dash cam review: The Garmin Dash Cam 35 is a little bigger and better for the price Dash cam review: The Cobra CDR895D Drive HD offers affordable dual-channel video Dash cam review: The Thinkware F770 works with your smartphone Dash cam review: Garmin's DriveAssist 50LMT is first-class almost all the way Dash cam review: The Viofo A119 is a surprisingly good bargain Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 TV of the year award 2016 Which flagship TV is best? Sony 4K HDR Bravia 2016 versus LG 4K HDR OLED 2016 10 Blu-ray movies / Best looking Blu-ray movies Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTBrand Marketing Manager - Premium Entertainment BrandNSW FTRegional Sales Manager - Telco/ICT - Employer of choiceQLD CCJDEVELOPERNSW CCCommunications OfficerACT FTSecurity Incident / SOC Analyst (Tier 1) - Permanent - North Ryde BasedNSW CCTest AnalystQLD CCDevops EngineerVIC FTIT Information Security AdvisorNSW FTSenior Systems AdministratorWA CCJDEVELOPERVIC FTMicrosoft Dynamics AX Finance ConsultantACT FTLevel 2 Service DeskNSW CCSenior Agile Business AnalystNSW FTProject SchedulerSA CCDigital Business Analyst l SalesforceNSW FTChief Information Security OfficerNSW CCPMO Analyst - Financial ServicesNSW FTLead Software Engineer - JavaQLD FTFull Stack PHP DevelopersQLD CCWebMethod DeveloperSA CCOrganisational Change ManagerACT FTLife/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde areaNSW FTEnterprise Account ManagerACT CCChange Manager l Port Macquarie NSWQLD CCPeoplesoft SpecialistACT Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway computerworld.com.au After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Security concerns remain as open source usage surges arnnet.com.au Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
GoodGearGuide TwitterFacebookLog In Phones & Tablets Smartphones Tablets & eBook readers Apps Broadband Computers Laptops/Notebooks Desktop PCs Monitors PC Components Networking Printers & Imaging Servers & Storage Software & services Security Gadgets Gadgets Home GPS & Car Tech MP3 Players Headphones Wearables Business Centre Business Centre Home Mobility & Wireless Networking Office Hardware Security Servers & Storage Whitepapers Home Entertainment Home Entertainment TVs Projectors Games Cameras Digital Cameras Digital Video Action Cameras Mirrorless Cameras Cars Shop PC World > News > 12 things you'll get in PCs with Intel's new Kaby ... 12 things you'll get in PCs with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips Amazingly thin PCs with Kaby Lake will get 4K video, VR capabilities and longer battery life Agam Shah (IDG News Service) on 04 January, 2017 04:00 0 - - - - print email Amazingly thin Windows 10 laptops and tablets will soon become available with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips, which were announced at CES. These chips, called 7th Generation Core, will extend laptop battery life to new highs, and bring new capabilities like 4K video. You'll also enjoy VR by connecting headsets to Kaby Lake laptops or tablets. There's a lot more to Kaby Lake, and here's what you can expect from PCs: Thinner and lighter laptops Laptops and tablets with Kaby Lake are so thin and light that their weight in a backpack is not noticeable, unless it's a fully loaded gaming PC. Samsung's new 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs an amazing 816 grams, but offers only seven hours of battery life. Low-power Kaby Lake chips will also be in laptops and 2-in-1 devices from Lenovo, HP, Acer and Dell that weigh 1 to 1.5 kilograms. Better battery life Intel says users can expect 10 hours of battery on thin-and-light laptops and tablets, but PC makers are claiming even longer battery life. Lenovo is claiming its new ThinkPad X1 Carbon will have 15 hours of battery, while the ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 will offer 16 hours. Dell is claiming battery life up to 15 hours for its new XPS 13 2-in-1, and 10 hours when streaming Netflix video. Those numbers are based on MobileMark benchmarks, but battery life typically varies in real world usage. The disappearing display borders Windows devices are also getting smaller because of thinner borders around displays. The best example is the Dell XPS 13, which is a 13.3-inch laptop compressed in the frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. It has a borderless display, with the screen dominating the entire display panel. The trend is growing with the new PCs, with a notable example being the ThinkPad X1 Carbon, which is a 14-inch laptop in a 13.3-inch laptop frame. Watch 4K video Graphics processors in Kaby Lake chips are capable of processing 4K video, so you will be able to watch movies on a laptop with a screen or external display at that resolution. Intel is also partnering with video streaming companies to push 4K movies to Kaby Lake PCs. 4K movies from Netflix are already available, and Intel said 4K movies from FandangoNow and Sony's Ultra 4K movies will come later this year. Users will need a Microsoft Edge browser to view the 4K movies. Use VR headsets You'll be able to hook up VR headsets to view movies, play games and roam virtual worlds. Many headsets -- which will need to be hooked up to Kaby Lake PCs -- will come later this year from Dell, Acer, HP, Asus and Lenovo, with prices starting at US$299. Kaby Lake is Intel's entry into the emerging world of VR, which is providing a new way to interact with computers. The chip's integrated GPU is able to handle basic VR, but won't be enough for  high-end headsets like Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, which need discrete GPUs from Nvidia or AMD. More secure biometric logins Microsoft wants to kill passwords with Windows Hello, which can log users into PCs via facial recognition, fingerprints or retina scans. Intel's providing an alternative to Windows Hello called Authenticate, which requires multiple authentication techniques to log in to PCs. For example, users may be required to log in twice -- once during the pre-boot sequence and then again in to Windows once the boot is complete. Authenticate is available only in business PCs with Kaby Lake vPro chips. Intel claims Authenticate is more secure than Windows Hello, as user data is secured and stored in a special CSME (converged security manageability engine) chip, which has its own operating system and firmware. Microsoft and Intel are co-developing a version of Authenticate and Windows Hello with multi-factor authentication to log into a PC and Windows. Faster storage with Optane PC designs could change forever with the superfast Optane, a new class of storage and memory that could replace conventional SSDs and DRAM. Intel claims Optane-based SSDs are 10 times faster than today's SSDs, and denser than DRAM. But here's the bad news: the first Optane units will be lower-capacity caching storage, not full-fledged SSDs with large storage capacity. The initial Optane units will help load the OS, applications and games faster, and will work with only with Kaby Lake PCs. It could be ideal for gamers looking to buffer games, or those running engineering applications or creating virtual reality content. Run applications faster The new Kaby Lake chips have faster CPUs and GPUs so applications and graphics can run faster. PCs are also faster as Windows 10 has also been tweaked to work closely with the chip. PC makers are seeing CPU performance improvements between 5 and 15 percent with Kaby Lake chips compared to the predecessor Skylake chips. More modems and connectivity for laptops Modems have been in laptops for years more as an afterthought, but not anymore. Lenovo is offering modems as a standard feature in its ThinkPad X1 laptops and 2-in-1s so users can connect to cellular networks if Wi-Fi isn't available. Like with smartphones, cellular modems will drive communications in laptops, especially with 4G network speeds going up and 5G networks around the corner. Overclock Gamers craving more performance will be able to overclock the Core i7-7820HK Kaby Lake chip, which has a base speed of 2.9GHz but can be cranked up to 4.4GHz. Look for the chip in Dell's Alienware 15 and 17 laptops, which are being launched at CES. Cut cables There's a renewed effort to cut cables from PCs with wireless charging and data transfer technologies. Wireless charging laptops are being shown at CES, and Intel's increasing its focus on bringing WiGig wireless technology to PCs. WiGig can wirelessly connect laptops to peripherals like storage devices and monitors, providing a way to get rid of connectors and display ports from PCs. The wireless technologies are still years away from widespread adoption, but gaining steam again after a few years of inactivity. Many more ways to interact Be it through pen, voice, touch or typing, PCs with Kaby Lake chips will provide a more natural way for users to interact with PCs. Intel and Microsoft are developing technology so users can shout out commands to the Cortana voice-activated assistant from longer distances. Additionally, Microsoft is making it easier to take notes on Windows PCs with styluses. Trends In Document Management Show The MFP To Be Centre Of Business Productivity And Efficiency More from Sharp Corporation Join the PC World newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Our Back to Business guide highlights the best products for you to boost your productivity at home, on the road, at the office, or in the classroom. Keep up with the latest tech news, reviews and previews by subscribing to the Good Gear Guide newsletter. Agam Shah IDG News Service Tweet Print this article Email this article Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Broadband Speed Test Cool Tech Nighthawk X10 Learn more > GS63VR Stealth Pro Learn more > Crucial Ballistix Elite 32GB Kit (4 x 8GB) DDR4-3000 UDIMM Learn more > 360Fly 4K Camera Learn more > Garmin fenix Chronos Learn more > Gadgets & Things Lexar® Professional 1000x microSDHC™/microSDXC™ UHS-II cards Learn more > Google Daydream View Learn more > Arlo Smart Home Security Cameras Learn more > Crucial® MX300 Solid State Drive Learn more > Ehang 184 Learn more > Family Friendly VR ONE 6RE-013AU Learn more > Google Pixel XL Learn more > Orbi WiFi System Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® S57 USB 3.0 flash drive  Learn more > Parrot Mambo Drone Learn more > Stocking Stuffer 3SIXT HD Sports Action Camera Learn more > Plox Star Wars Death Star Levitating Bluetooth Speaker Learn more > Clamcase for iPad Pro 9.7-inch Learn more > Lexar® JumpDrive® C20i flash drive  Learn more > Brother PocketJet Printer Learn more > Christmas Gift Guide Click for more › Most Popular Reviews 1 ​Finally! LG OLED TV 2016 range review 2 ​Huawei Nova Plus smartphone review 3 Apple iPhone 7 Plus review: including Portrait Mode 4 ​Google Daydream View VR full, in-depth review 5 ​Google Pixel XL full, in-depth smartphone review: Phones just got smarter Latest News Articles 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine Dash cam review: The Garmin Dash Cam 35 is a little bigger and better for the price Dash cam review: The Cobra CDR895D Drive HD offers affordable dual-channel video Dash cam review: The Thinkware F770 works with your smartphone Dash cam review: Garmin's DriveAssist 50LMT is first-class almost all the way Resources Business Centre The latest business news, reviews, features and whitepapers Online Shop Visit our shop for the best deals on hot products Videos Watch our video news and reviews from around the world Guides Comprehensive buying guides, features, and step-by-step articles GGG Evaluation Team Kathy Cassidy STYLISTIC Q702 First impression on unpacking the Q702 test unit was the solid feel and clean, minimalist styling. Anthony Grifoni STYLISTIC Q572 For work use, Microsoft Word and Excel programs pre-installed on the device are adequate for preparing short documents. Steph Mundell LIFEBOOK UH574 The Fujitsu LifeBook UH574 allowed for great mobility without being obnoxiously heavy or clunky. Its twelve hours of battery life did not disappoint. Andrew Mitsi STYLISTIC Q702 The screen was particularly good. It is bright and visible from most angles, however heat is an issue, particularly around the Windows button on the front, and on the back where the battery housing is located. Simon Harriott STYLISTIC Q702 My first impression after unboxing the Q702 is that it is a nice looking unit. Styling is somewhat minimalist but very effective. The tablet part, once detached, has a nice weight, and no buttons or switches are located in awkward or intrusive positions. Good Gear Guide Evaluation Team Featured Content The top 10 best and worst tech gadgets and products of 2016 TV of the year award 2016 ​Best phone of the year 2016 What's the difference between an Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? Laser vs. inkjet printers: which is better? Latest Jobs Latest Jobs FTBrand Marketing Manager - Premium Entertainment BrandNSW CCSCRUM MasterVIC CCLead DevOps Architect l AWS- Cloud- Linux- Puppet Ansible- JIRA-DatadogNSW FTNetIQ Development & SupportNSW FTLevel 3 EngineerNSW CCService ManagerACT FTFront End DeveloperNSW FTDevOps EngineerNSW FTLevel 3 Support ConsultantNSW CCITCM Technical Specialist - SydneyNSW FTPHP DeveloperQLD FTApplications Sales ExecutiveWA CCTelco Program ManagerVIC FTLevel 3 EngineerNSW FTSenior Java Developers (Several positions available)QLD FTSoftware Support SpecialistQLD TPSharePoint SpecialistVIC TPBusiness Intelligence AnalystQLD FTInfrastructure Project ManagerVIC FTJunior-Mid Level Implementation CoordinatorQLD TPJunior .Net DeveloperVIC FTWeb Front- End DeveloperSA CCSenior Agile Business AnalystNSW FTTrading Systems EngineerNSW CCService Desk Consultant-Baseline Clearance RequiredNSW Back to top • Home Share this article: Twitter Facebook Google+ Log In Don’t have an account? Sign up here Product Categories Broadband Desktop PCs Digital Cameras Digital Video Gadgets Games GPS & Car Entertainment Headphones Home Appliances Home Entertainment Mobile Phones Monitors MP3 Players Networking Notebooks PC Components Printers & Scanners Projectors Security Servers & Storage Software & Services TVs Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. Copyright 2013 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Disclaimer Popular IDG articles The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway computerworld.com.au After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters cso.com.au How to work with millennials cio.com.au Security concerns remain as open source usage surges arnnet.com.au Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot cmo.com.au Contact Us Advertise with us Editorial Contacts With over 25 years of brand awareness and credibility, Good Gear Guide (formerly PC World Australia), consistently delivers editorial excellence through award-winning content and trusted product reviews. Don't have an account? Sign up now Forgot password?
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Acer Launches Performance-Oriented Aspire VX 15, V Nitro and GX Series Acer Launches Performance-Oriented Aspire VX 15, V Nitro and GX Series Posted on January 3, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer The updated Aspire V Nitro now offers NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics; all new Aspire VX 15 features NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050/1050 Ti(1) graphics; all new Aspire GX series desktop PC designed for smooth everyday entertainment and gaming LAS VEGAS (PRWEB) January 03, 2017 Acer today unveiled three new Aspire series devices, including two new high-performance notebooks and a desktop PC, all designed with entertainment and performance in mind while featuring Windows 10. Packed with premium audio technologies, crystal clear displays with IPS technology(2) and the latest NVIDIA® GeForce® GTX 10-Series graphics and high-performance 7th Generation Intel® Core™ processors, the new Aspire V Nitro Black Edition models (V Nitro 17 and V Nitro 15) and Aspire VX notebooks are ideal for people who like their videos crisp, games smooth and audio clear. Likewise, Aspire GX series desktop PCs are also ideal for users who are passionate about entertainment but appreciate expanded capabilities that their mobile cousins don't offer. Aspire V Nitro Black Edition & Aspire VX Both notebook series come with up to a 7th Generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ processor that is designed to bring incredible performance and responsiveness, immersive 4K entertainment and longer battery life to mobile devices. The chipset is the perfect match for the notebooks’ equally impressive GPUs, the new NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 or 1050 Ti graphics(1). Whether a movie buff or a gamer, users will be able to fully enjoy the latest releases and titles without compromise. The Aspire V 17 Nitro Black Edition featuring a 17.3-inch display is available with optional integrated Tobii eye-tracking hardware, that when combined with touchpad gestures, enhances productivity and makes the device more responsive through the use of eye movements. Users are able to more quickly and conveniently navigate across apps and programs with a simple glance. Gaming is also enhanced with eye tracking, creating deeper immersion and allowing gamers to aim, shoot and explore freely using their eyes in more than 45 titles like Elite Dangerous, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and WATCH_DOGS 2™. The sleek Aspire V Nitro Black Edition models are the ideal device for those seeking high-quality entertainment on a notebook. Under the aluminum cover, Acer combined 7th Generation Intel Core processors to drive performance and the latest NVIDIA technologies, starting with up to a NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1060 graphics card with 6GB of dedicated GDDR5 VRAM(1) and up to 16GB of DDR4 system memory, upgradable to 32GB using two soDIMM modules. They also come with an NVMe PCIe Gen3 or SATA SSD(1) and a HDD(1) of up to 2TB capacity for additional storage. The Aspire V Nitro incorporates Acer’s AeroBlade metal fan(1) to release thermal exhaust efficiently, while Coolboost™ technology allows users to manually control the cooling process when heavy use requires an added boost. The Aspire V Nitro notebooks also include DustDefender™, which uses dual high-speed fans with reverse rotation to remove dust build-up and improve heat dissipation. Connectivity comes in the form of a USB Type-C port with Thunderbolt™ 3 for speeds up to 40Gbps and support for dual 4K video output simultaneously, two USB 3.0 ports (one featuring power-off USB charging), two USB 2.0 ports and an HDMI connection. It connects wirelessly through 2×2 802.11ac MU-MIMO technology, while a Gigabit Ethernet port is available for wired connectivity needs. The new Aspire V Nitro notebooks come with a fingerprint sensor embedded in the top left corner of the Precision Touchpad. This enables Windows Hello, allowing secure and password-free sign-in with a touch of the finger. Users will revel in crystal clear visuals with the inclusion of an optional 4K (3840×2160) Ultra HD(1) display panel. Complementing the display is the inclusion of Acer Color Intelligence™, a system that dynamically adjusts gamma and saturation in real-time, optimizing screen color and brightness. The high-quality entertainment experience is also driven by the audio technologies featured on the Aspire V Nitro, including four speakers tuned with Dolby® Audio™ Premium and Acer TrueHarmony™ Plus technology. Acer TrueHarmony Plus delivers more accurate, clear sound reproduction and a wider bass range with an advanced paper cone speaker design framed by a foam material. Skype for Business Certification ensures people can communicate with crisp and lag-free quality, and also allows for clearer, higher quality audio and a great Cortana with Voice experience on Windows 10. The new Aspire VX 15 features large cooling vents and an edgy red chassis, clearly showing its determination for gaming. The iron red backlit keyboard makes sure gamers are always striking the right notes during gameplay, while also providing a hardcore look and feel without that hardcore price tag. The 5.5 lb (2.5kg) Aspire VX 15 boasts great visual clarity with a 15.6-inch Full HD IPS screen(2). It also comes with up to a 7th Generation Intel Core i7-7700HQ processor, offering significant improvements in performance over preceding generation processors, all the while providing lower battery consumption. The notebook also comes with up to NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti(1) graphics with GDDR5 VRAM (delivering up to 32GB/s bandwidth). Speed is also a notable attribute of the memory system, offering up to 16GB1 DDR4 memory out of the box and is user-upgradeable to a maximum of 32GB. Storage is provided by a 512GB SSD and 1TB HDD1. Keeping all this running at optimal temperatures are dual fans, installed to ensure however much it’s pushed during a gaming session, the machine is up to the task and will deliver super-smooth gameplay. That gameplay experience is further supplemented with high-definition audio with Dolby Audio Premium, as well as Acer TrueHarmony sound and Skype for Business certification. Aspire GX Series For those seeking out additional capabilities that only a desktop model can offer, Acer created the Aspire GX series desktop PC. These VR Ready(1) PCs come equipped with up to 7th Generation Intel Core processors, up to 64GB of DDR4 RAM, and up to NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1070 graphics. What’s more, they’re capable of delivering stunning 4K(1) resolution visuals and support up to 41 displays at once for maximized gaming experiences. Also, there’s no shortage of storage with up to a 3TB(1) HDD and a 256GB SSD, and it sports a handy Wireless Charging Deck(1) for keeping users’ mobile devices powered up and ready to go. To top it all off, the GX series features a striking and edgy armor-inspired housing with front-facing LED lighting that emits a sinister red glow. Price and Availability The Acer Aspire V 15 Nitro Black Edition will be available in North America in February starting at $1,199; in EMEA in February with prices starting at €1,299; and in China in February starting at ¥8,999. The Acer Aspire V 17 Nitro Black Edition will be available in North America in February starting at $1,399; in EMEA in February with prices starting at €1,299; and in China in February starting at ¥8,999. The Acer Aspire VX 15 will be available in North America in January starting at $799; in EMEA in January with prices starting at €899; and in China in January starting at ¥5,499. The Aspire GX series will be available in North America in March starting at $899.99; in EMEA in February with prices starting at €799; and in China in February starting at ¥5,999. Exact specifications, prices, and availability will vary by region. To learn more about availability, product specifications and prices in specific markets, please contact your nearest Acer office via http://www.acer.com  About Acer Established in 1976, Acer is a hardware + software + services company dedicated to the research, design, marketing, sale, and support of innovative products that enhance people's lives. Acer's product offerings include PCs, displays, projectors, servers, tablets, smartphones and wearables. It is also developing cloud solutions to bring together the Internet of Things. Acer celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2016 and is one of the world’s top 5 PC companies. It employs 7,000 people worldwide and has a presence in over 160 countries. Please visit http://www.acer.com for more information. Media Contacts PanAm – Lisa Emard                        Tel: +1-949-471-7705    Email: lisa(dot)emard(at)acer(dot)com EMEA – Manuel Linnig                        Tel: +41 91 2610 522    Email: manuel(dot)linnig(at)acer(dot)com Corp./Asia – Steven Chung        Tel: +886-2-86913202    Email: steven(dot)h(dot)chung(at)acer(dot)com © 2017 Acer Inc. All rights reserved. Acer and the Acer logo are registered trademarks of Acer Inc. Other trademarks, registered trademarks, and/or service marks, indicated or otherwise, are the property of their respective owners. All offers subject to change without notice or obligation and may not be available through all sales channels. Prices listed are manufacturer suggested retail prices and may vary by location. Applicable sales tax extra. 1) Specifications may vary depending on region and/or model 2) All brands and product names mentioned herein include trademarks of their respective companies and are used solely to describe or identify the products Specifications may vary depending on region and/or model For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13953633.htm Latest News Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Sticky Password and Intel Work Together to Bring Next Generation Security to Password Management Sticky Password and Intel Work Together to Bring Next Generation Security to Password Management Posted on January 3, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Sticky Password launches support for Intel® Software Guard Extensions. (PRWEB) January 03, 2017 Sticky Password, a leading password management software provider, announced today that it is working with Intel to integrate Intel® Software Guard Extensions (Intel® SGX) into its flagship product. Intel´s new hardware security further enhances Sticky Password´s technology. “We recognize Sticky Password’s commitment to password management, and we’re very pleased to be working with them on this innovative approach to enhanced password security,” said Rick Echevarria, Vice President, Software and Services Group, and General Manager, Platform Security Division at Intel. Intel® SGX protects select code and data from disclosure or modification through protected areas of execution thereby ensuring that critical data remain protected even in the extreme case that an attacker has full control over the device. The new technology was introduced on the 6th Gen Intel® Core™ processor platform and will also be available on the new 7th Gen Intel Core processors. “Partnering with Intel on this exciting new initiative is just one of the ways we will continue to bring innovation and the most secure password technology to users around the world,” said Petr Bilek, CEO of Sticky Password. About Sticky Password Sticky Password is the developer of an award-winning password manager and form filler. Since 2001, our security products have been protecting millions of passwords for consumers and providing automatic login, one-click form filling and secure storage for sensitive personal data. Sticky Password has been the partner of choice for industry-leading companies like ESET, Imation and Kaspersky to power their password management solutions. Get more information at stickypassword.com Intel and Intel Core are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13953212.htm Latest News Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented ISRO to launch world record 100 satellites in the PSLV-C37 mission scheduled for February By tech2 News Staff 8   Comments Maruti Suzuki Ignis launched in India at Rs 4.59 lakh; aimed at younger audiences By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Privacy protection: India seems to be going the NSA-PRISM way, when it comes to surveillance 2   Comments Sony SRS-X11 Bluetooth Speaker Review: A good, feature-rich but pricey speaker By Nikhil Rastogi 1   Comments Nintendo Switch: Here’s all you need to know about Nintendo’s latest console By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Intel ISRO chief AS Kiran Kumar says IoT will be important to create efficient smart cities CES 2017: BMW and Mobileye plan to deploy 40 self-driving cars for tests in US and Europe CES 2017: Intel 5G Modem announced along with Intel Go automotive platform Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> CES 2017: Intel’s latest 7th gen Kaby Lake processors announced along with Optane Memory support #Intel 22 By Nimish Sawant /  03 Jan 2017 , 22:40 Intel has started off 2017 with the announcement of the high end laptop and desktop parts for its Kaby Lake series of processors. The 7th generation Intel processors are built on the 14nm+ process node, and bring some added functionality to the processor family covering a range of form factors from 2-in-1s to detachables to thin and light laptops to mobile workstations to performance AIOs. We have so far seen Kaby Lake only on thin ultraportables and convertibles, but this larger release takes care of most other form factors as well. Intel announced new parts in the Y-series which will include low power Core m3, Core i5, Core i7 and vPro supporting Core i5 and Core i7 parts which will be used in 2-in-1s, detachables and compute sticks. The U-series is expected to come with 15W and 28W parts with Intel Iris Plus integrated graphics, expected to power thin and light laptops, 2-in-1s, convertibles as well as mini PCs. On the desktop front, you will get the S-Series parts which will cover a wide range going from value to performance to enthusiast desktops, all-in-ones as well as mini PCs. This will include the Intel Core i3, Core i5 and Core i7 parts as well as vPro supporting Core i5 and Core i7 parts. Intel also announced two Intel Xeon 45W parts for mobile workstations along with H-series unlocked Intel Core processors for enthusiast and VR capable notebooks. In all there are 42 processor SKUs that have been announced across the various series mentioned above. Majority of the SKUs are updates of the Skylake chips with changes in clock speeds. Intel 7th gen Kaby Lake processors across different categories New Chipsets for the 7th gen Intel Core family With new processors come the new chipsets. Intel is introducing eight new 200-series chipsets across desktop and mobile parts. For Desktop Intel Q270 and Q250 chipsets enhance Manageability and Security Intel Z270 chipset for tuning capabilities with unlocked Intel Core processors (supports 6th gen Skylake processors) Intel H270 chipset for improving visual display and performance for media creation (supports 6th gen Skylake processors) Intel B250 chipset to enable performance, manageability and security features useful for small and medium business For Mobile Intel CM238, Intel HM175 and Intel QM175 chipsets with fast I/O and other performance benefits as well as sensor support for mobile 7thGen Intel Core and Intel Xeon processors. The complete list of the 7th gen Intel Core i-series desktop parts Intel Iris Plus graphics Intel Iris Plus graphics is touted as the major upgrade in the latest generation of processors. The focus is on improved 3D graphics performance, better Quick Sync video and ability to playback and stream 4K content. Intel wants to make virtual reality and augmented reality more mainstream and is focussed on delivering a good experience through Intel 7th gen processor-powered laptops and desktops. Intel also says that it has improved its media engines with support for power-efficient VP9 and HEVC 10-bit hardware acceleration as well as improved 4K viewing and content creation. Intel has also claimed a seamless 1080p graphics experience with Iris Plus graphics on some games. Intel Optane Memory Intel Optane memory is the latest feature that is aimed at systems still using hard disk drives or slower SSDs. Storage bottleneck is real and Optane memory aims to resolve that issue by accelerating the HDD seamlessly for the end user. Optane memory uses an intelligent way to manage the files that people use more often. The idea is to improve application load times, startup times and so on. The idea here is similar to using a flash memory component along with mechanical HDDs to improve caching times and in effect overall performance in terms of load times and startup times. It has been done with using cache SSDs as well as with SSHDs. Optane Memory takes that concept to the next level. Intel’s Optane technology (a.k.a 3D Xpoint) is a 3D transistor technology that is claimed to be up to 1000x faster than regular NAND memory that is employed in SSDs. Optane Memory cannot be used as a separate SSD however, but as a faster caching element in the equation. Desktop motherboard partners can also add in an Optane Ready module on the M.2 connector. “With Intel Optane Memory Ready motherboards and systems one can add Intel Optane memory purchased aftermarket for a snappy PC experience with short boot times, fast application launches, and to help accelerate day-to-day compute tasks,” says the release. Security – Intel Authenticate Technology and more Intel stressed a lot on the security aspect of its processors as well. The 7th gen Intel Core vPro processors come with hardware level security features. For instance, “Intel Authenticate Technology provides a robust multifactor solution that is protected in hardware, reducing users’ exposure to identity theft attacks such as phishing and screen scraping. With fingerprint, Bluetooth proximity, protected PIN, location, and facial recognition, there are plenty of options for policy customisation on PCs.” There will be a push towards having a combination of biometric and hardware based security features to ensure identity protection. Intel is also working with vendors to enable secure-fingerprint touch to pay and Secure Guest Checkout which comes with underlying hardware level data security for verification purposes. Intel also spoke about having hardened password managers, which means that all passwords could be managed by one master password which would be stored in hardware. Intel Authenticate will also be paired with Windows Hello. It is also working with applications to offer two factor authentication. Dropbox is one company it mentioned in its address. Project EVO Intel spoke about Project Evo where it is working with partners such as Microsoft to develop technologies that touch on multiple aspects. This will incorporate features such as immersive gaming experiences, artificial intelligence powered assistants such as Cortana, improved security features and improved radio connectivity – stressing on the transition from LTE to 5G. Tags: CES, CES 2017, Intel, Intel 7th gen processor, Intel Authenticate, Intel Iris graphics, Intel Iris Plus, Intel Kaby Lake, Intel Optane Memory, Optane Memory Also read Intel creates Automated Driving Group following partnership with Delphi and Mobileye CES 2017: Qualcomm, Intel, Xiaomi and other company keynotes you need to keep a track of X Recommended For You ISRO chief AS Kiran Kumar says IoT will be important to create efficient smart cities CES 2017: Intel 5G Modem announced along with Intel Go automotive platform CES 2017: Acer launches Predator 21 X, the first notebook in the world with a curved screen Intel picks up 15% stake in German mapping company HERE for autonomous vehicle tech push Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Facebook Jan 15, 2017 Syrian refugee sues Facebook over misinformation that spread on the social network #Nasa Jan 15, 2017 Nasa astronauts install lithium-ion batteries on the ISS after six hour long spacewalk #Snap Jan 15, 2017 Sony CEO Michael Lynton to step down to become Snap board chairman #SpaceX Jan 15, 2017 SpaceX returns to satellite launches with successful Falcon flight #Uber Jan 15, 2017 Uber is pushing for carpooling and ridesharing in India to improve urban mobility SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB News Analysis Back A Week in Wireless Interviews Opinion Video Intelligence Back About Intelligence Whitepapers/eBooks Industry Survey Reports Polls Webinars Awards Resource Centre Back View all companies Add your company My Resource Centre Packages About Jobs More Back About Us Get our newsletter Advertise with us Event Calendar Press Releases Contact Us 4G/LTE 4K/8K Video 5G BSS/OSS Cloud Apps Digital Transformation IoT Network Security NFV SDN Test & Measurement UBB Telecoms.com news Here is the place to be for Intel Written by Jamie Davies 03 January 2017 @ 16:22 Intel has continued on its journey to discover fortunes in the autonomous vehicles after seeking approval to buy a stake in digital mapping firm Here. The chipmaker has put forward a filing to Germany’s Federal Cartel Office, the country’s national competition regulator, to outline its intentions for the indirect acquisition of shares in Here. The mapping tech firm is currently owned jointly by Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen after a $2.6 billion acquisition from Nokia, though NavInfo and Tencent intend to jointly acquire a 10% share. While Intel is still a major technology brand worldwide, its influence has declined slightly in recent years as the PC segment also deteriorates. Intel is not a company which will disappear overnight, however to re-establish the same highs as the ‘Wintel’ days, the business will have to re-define priorities for the digital era. Fortunately, the team has already made steps towards the autonomous vehicles segment. In November, Intel execs proving ambitions in this space was more than just talk. Alongside the creation of a new operating division in the business (the Automated Driving Group), the management team have convinced Doug Davis (an Intel heavy hitter) to put retirement plans on hold to lead said group and committed $250 million from its venture capitalist arm to invest in the segment. The investment in Here will be another solid step forward due to the importance of digital mapping technologies in autonomous vehicles. Effective mapping technologies are as important to autonomous vehicles as the wheels on the car itself. The deal is still subject to regulatory approval however Intel is slowly positioning itself in the centre of a highly lucrative industry, and also alongside some potentially serious players as well. Aside from numerous major automotive manufacturers, Here has also established relationships with Tencent and Alibaba Cloud, the latter it partnered with back in October. There are bigger and more prominent companies in the worldwide technology industry, though few offer as clear a route into China as these two. The country has some lofty ambitions for the autonomous vehicles industry. The government recently released “The Technology Road Map For Energy Saving and New Energy Vehicles” whitepaper, which Forbes kindly translated, which states by 2020, 50% of car sales would be partially-autonomous, by 2025, 15% of sales will be highly-automated, and by 2030 10% of all car sales will be fully-autonomous. That’s roughly 4 million fully-autonomous cars a year. Just to put things in perspective, in 2015 2.63 million new cars were sold in the UK. This is the most ever sold in a 12-month period. For the moment, there is a lot of jostling in the autonomous cars industry. The leaders will not be known for some time, though a strong position in the fast-developing Chinese market may prove to be a decisive move, for any competitors. In the mapping technologies race, Here seemingly has access to China and Google Maps doesn’t. This could put Intel in a pretty good position. Tags: Autonomous Vehicles, Digital Mapping, Here, Intel, IOT Mobile Networks / IoT and M2M Smart IoT Internet of Things World Leave a comment Cancel reply Connect with: -or- Log in with your Telecoms.com account Alternatively, post a comment by completing the form below: Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> Educational Resources White Paper - Implications of the Data Exchange on the Connected Car Business Model White Paper - Open standards in IoT deployments Related Content LG Uplus and Verizon team up for industrial IoT Uber Movement smart city data service exploits regulatory flaws As its phones falter LG defrosts the IoT fridge Nvidia Nvisages in-car AI with Nnormous CES Nnnouncements Webinars View all Boosting mobile video quality with analytics 31 January 2017 White Papers View all Data Revelations: Nominum Data Science Security Report Share 15 Dec 2016 Network maintenance evolution and best practices for NFV assurance Share 22 Nov 2016 The African Market Outlook 2016 Share 15 Nov 2016 Events View all FTTH Conference 14-16 February 2017 View Event Next Generation Optical Networking Africa 14-15 February 2017 View Event Container World 21-23 February 2017 View Event Polls View all On a scale of 1-5, how screwed is net neutrality in the US? 5 (Most screwed) 4 3 2 1 (Not screwed)  Loading ... Twitter View all #O2 denounced for ruining Christmas https://t.co/U7fkH7Hzov #operator #operator #redundancy #restructure 13 January 2017 @ 19:17:26 UTC #WhatsApp faces another privacy PR disaster https://t.co/joWz8EhaZ4 #messaging #security #dataprotection 13 January 2017 @ 19:17:25 UTC Address: Telecoms.com, 5 Howick Place, London, UK, SW1P 1WG ©Telecoms.com 2017. All rights reserved. Privacy & Cookies About Us Contact Us Advertise with us Connect with us: Websites are now required by law to gain your consent before applying cookies. We use cookies to improve your browsing experience. Parts of the website may not work as expected without them. By closing or ignoring this message, you are consenting to our use of cookies. X
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: PC-GAMING Dell launches 4 Inspiron and Alienware gaming laptops with Intel Kaby Lake processors Dean Takahashi@deantak January 3, 2017 9:05 AM Tags: Alienware, Alienware 13, Alienware 15, Alienware 17, CES 2017, Dell, gaming laptops, Inpiron 15 7000 Gaming Laptop Above: Dell's Aliewnare 13-inch, 15-inch, and 17-inch laptops have Intel Kaby Lake processors. Image Credit: Dell Dell is launching four new gaming laptops today based on Intel’s newest Kaby Lake processors. The Round Rock, Texas-based company unveiled the laptops at CES 2017, the big tech trade show in Las Vegas this week. The models include the Inspiron 15 7000 gaming laptop, as well as three Alienware gaming laptops with 13-inch, 15-inch, and 17-inch diagonal screens. All of the laptops are available for purchase today. The inspirations for design that started with Alienware are moving to the more mainstream Inspiron brand, said Eduardo Goyanes, product marketing manager, in an interview with GamesBeat. The Inspiron 15 7000 is less than an inch thick. It starts $799. It has an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 graphics chip and a quad-core 7th Generation Intel Core i5 processor (previously code-named Kaby Lake). The machine is for players who want to experience something more than a console, but are price sensitive. It has 4GB of GDDR5 main memory, and a hard drive (ranging from 512GB to 1TB). It has a 4K UHD display. The 15-inch and 17-inch versions use Nvidia G-Sync display technology. Above: Dell Inspiron 15 7000 laptop for gamers. Image Credit: Dell The 13-inch machine has extra-capacity heat exchangers connected by oversized piping to dual cooling fans. There’s also a cheaper 14-inch version. It has an onboard subwoofer, tailored speaker enclosures, and Waves MaxxAudio Pro audio processing. It has a 74 watt-hour battery. It has 802.11ac wireless, a Gig-E networking port, a SD media card reader, and USB 3.0 ports. Meanwhile, the three new Alienware laptops are based on the same industrial design introduced with Skylake processors in August. Those systems have been updated and redesigned for the Intel Kaby Lake processors, which are 7 percent to 9 percent faster than the previous generation. Dell said the Alienware 13 is the first 13.3-inch laptop that is ready for virtual reality. It has quad-core H-class 7th Generation Intel Core processors. Alienware’s dynamic overclocking technology works with the 13-inch model. It has an infrared camera with support for Windows Hello. It has an option for Tobii Aware eye-tracking technology. It uses Nvidia’s GeForce GTX 1060 graphics chip and an option for the GTX 1050. It will sell for $1,000 in the U.S. The 15-inch sells for $1,200 and the 17-inch sells for $1,349. Above: Dell Alienware 17 gamer laptop. Image Credit: Dell The housing is made from anodized aluminum, magnesium alloy, steel reinforced keys, and copper thermal modules. It has a hinge-forward design that enables more rear input-output, improved audio, and larger internal fans. It is 21 percent thinner than the previous Alienware 13 when using the OLED display. Gamers looking for more upgradability will be able to connect the optional Alienware Graphics Amplifier which allows you to use the latest AMD and Nvidia desktop graphics with the machine. The machine has new finishing process that enables reduced “smudginess” and fingerprinting residue on the palm rest. The new steel-reinforced Alienware TactX keyboard is designed for uniform feedback while typing The new keyboard introduces an optimized RGB LED lighting articulation designed for a better lighting than the predecessor and each key has a full 2.2mm of gaming-grade travel. All configurations include Killer Networks e2500 Gigabit Ethernet and Killer Networks 802.11ac 2×2 Wireless with Bluetooth 4.1 technology. It includes three USB 3.0 ports, one of which includes PowerShare technology, another of which uses a Type-C connector for Type-C compatible devices. It has a Thunderbolt 3 Port (USB Type-C with support for SuperSpeed USB 10Gbps, 40Gbps Thunderbolt, and DisplayPort). ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers Display Drivers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Close Articles & Reviews News Archive Forums Premium Categories Computers GPUs / Graphics Cards Linux Gaming Memory Motherboards CPUs / Processors Software Storage Operating Systems Peripherals Happy Holidays! This site relies upon advertisements to continue producing new Linux/open-source content over the past 12+ years. If you wish to continue blocking ads, please consider this holiday joining ad-free Phoronix Premium. Besides an ad-free experience, Phoronix Premium grants access to multi-page articles on a single page and other benefits while still supporting our site. Or if you insist on blocking ads, perhaps consider a holiday tip? Thanks for your support and happy holidays. Intel Rolls Out Kaby Lake Desktop CPUs, Linux Results Later Written by Michael Larabel in Intel on 3 January 2017 at 12:13 PM EST. 34 Comments Today Intel officially unveiled their 7th Generation "Kaby Lake" desktop CPU line-up at CES. Intel announced the much-anticipated Core i7 7700K that is a quad-core part plus Hyper Threading, 4.2GHz base, 4.5GHz boost, 8MB cache, 91 Watt TDP, and HD Graphics 630. This high-end desktop/gamer CPU will cost $339 USD. Intel also announced a range of other Kabylake CPUs going down to the Core i3 7100T at $117. While there is a range of Windows-based reviews for the Core i7 7700K on the web this morning, unfortunately, no Linux results yet... Intel's PR hasn't been too helpful when it comes to Linux interest in review samples since their whole restructuring last year; I'm hopeful to get my hands on a i7-7700K in the next few days otherwise will end up buying one for Linux testing as soon as they become available for Linux benchmarking (Update: looks like I should be getting a sample next week or so). Should also be fun to see how this Kabylake line-up compares to AMD's Ryzen that is looking to launch in the next two months or so. More details on these latest Kaby Lake CPUs for now via Intel.com. 34 Comments Tweet About The Author Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com. Related Intel News A Yet-To-Be-Merged Kernel Patch May Boost Kabylake Graphics In Some Cases Fresh Tests Of Intel Beignet OpenCL A Look At Where The P-State Linux Driver Does Bad Against CPUFreq, Clear Linux Tests It's Now Possible To Disable & Strip Down Intel's ME Blob Linux 4.11 To Enable Frame-Buffer Compression By Default For Skylake+ Mesa Patches For Bringing Intel Haswell To OpenGL 4.2 Popular News Valve Developer Posts New AMD GPU Debugging Tool, Part Of Improving Linux Driver It's Now Possible To Disable & Strip Down Intel's ME Blob Debian Stretch Enters Its Soft Freeze, Full Freeze In One Month AMDGPU Virtualization Support Updated LLVM/Clang 4.0 Branched, LLVM 5.0 Now On Master Valve May Be Moving Closer With Their VR Linux Support Latest Linux News Linux 4.10-rc4 Kernel Released GIMP's Progress In 2016, What's Ahead For 2017 A Yet-To-Be-Merged Kernel Patch May Boost Kabylake Graphics In Some Cases A Look At Where The P-State Linux Driver Does Bad Against CPUFreq, Clear Linux Tests Nearly 26,000 kWh Was Used On Linux Benchmarking In 2016 Debian Installer Stretch RC 1 Arrives, The /usr Merge Has Been Postponed X.Org Server 1.19.1 For Testing On Arch, Libinput X.Org Driver To Be Used By Default NVIDIA Quietly Updates Vulkan Driver Beta, New Vulkan Extensions Valve Developer Andres Rodriguez Lands First Patches Into RADV Vulkan Driver New Benchmark Test Profiles This Weekend: GIMP, Memcached, JPEG Turbo, More OpenCL Latest Featured Articles A Look At The Huge Performance Boosts With Nouveau Mesa 17.0-devel On Maxwell Kaby Lake HD Graphics 630 Appear To Be Coming Up Short On Linux Antergos vs. Fedora vs. Ubuntu vs. openSUSE vs. Debian 9 vs. Clear Linux For Early 2017 Kaby Lake On Linux Plays Much Better With CPUFreq Than P-State Intel vs. Modesetting X.Org DDX Performance Impact Support Phoronix The mission at Phoronix since 2004 has centered around enriching the Linux hardware experience. In addition to supporting our site through advertisements, you can help by subscribing to Phoronix Premium. You can also use our Amazon.com or NewEgg.com shopping links when making online purchases or contribute to Phoronix through a PayPal tip. Phoronix Media Phoronix Test Suite OpenBenchmarking.org Phoromatic LinuxBenchmarking.com Phoronix Premium Support Phoronix While Having Ad-Free Browsing, Single-Page Article Viewing Share Facebook Twitter Google Plus Legal Disclaimer | Contact | Cookie Policy Copyright © 2004 - 2017 by Phoronix Media. All trademarks used are properties of their respective owners. All rights reserved.
  Intel Core i7-7700K MSRP $349.99 As low as $349.89 at Amazon Buy now   DT Digital Trends DT Digital Trends Product Reviews Phones TVs Laptops Cars Games Tablets Headphones Cameras Desktops Speakers Appliances Wearables More Reviews News Mobile Computing Home Theater Gaming Cars Photography Home Movies & TV Music Wearables Cool Tech Health & Fitness Outdoors Business More News Features DT10 Now Boarding Road Rave The Audiophile Weekly Rewind Awesome Tech Weekend Workshop Trends with Benefits More Features Douglas Rushkoff David Weinberger More Opinions Videos Deals Shop Giveaways Best of Everything DT Español The Manual More Advertise About Us Contact Us Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Send Us Your News Tip DT Español The Manual Best Smartphones and Cell Phones Best TVs Best Headphones Best Cameras Best Laptops Best Desktop PCs Best Tablets Best Cars RSS DT Newsletter Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram Pinterest YouTube Intel Core i7-7700K review Whoa. Intel's range-topping Core i7-7700K is even faster than we expected Share DT Recommended Product Intel’s Core i7-7700K is the fastest quad-core processor ever Intel’s Core i7-7700K is the fastest quad-core processor ever Intel’s Core i7-7700K is the fastest quad-core processor ever Highs Fastest single-core performance yet Strong multi-core performance Compatible with previous motherboards Early results are promising for overclockers Lows Not a must-have upgrade Core i5 quad-cores remain the better value DT Editors' Rating 8.0 DT Recommended Product Scores Explained Home > Product Reviews > Processor Reviews > Intel Core i7-7700K review By Matt Smith Posted on 01.03.17 Research Center: Intel Core i7-7700K Intel debuted the 7th-generation of Intel Core processor at IFA 2016, but its initial line was limited to only dual-core mobile chips. Those looking for new desktop hardware were told they’d have to wait. Now the wait is over. Intel’s Core i7-7700K is here. It’s the flagship of Intel’s latest processor architecture, a quad-core behemoth that’s aimed at enthusiasts, gamers, and workstation users. That it will be quick goes without saying, but the 7th-generation represents an undesirable change in pace for Intel. It’s the third processor family built on a 14-nanometer production process. Normally, Intel would move on to a smaller technique for this new generation, but the company’s 10-nanometer production has been delayed. More: Was Intel’s decision to (almost) kill Core M deceptive, or was it inevitable? Has that hobbled the Core i7-7700K, Or is it a worthwhile upgrade? And can it keep users excited about Intel hardware with AMD’s Ryzen just around the corner? New processor, same as the old processor? Intel’s Core i7-7700K is like a son born to a family of blacksmiths in a medieval backwater. It’s a quad-core processor that supports overclocking just like its father, and its father before, and its father before. The lineage can be traced all the way back to the Core i7-2700K, which debuted in late 2011. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Bill Roberson/Digital Trends Not much has changed over the years – at least according to the specification sheet. The Core i7-7700K is a quad-core chip with Hyper-Threading, which means it acts as if it were an eight-core processor. The base clock speed is 4.2GHz — up from 4GHz in the Core i7-6700K– and the maximum Turbo Boost speed is 4.5GHz — up from 4.2GHz. The chip has the same 8MB SmartCache that can be found in every chip in its lineage, going all the way back to the i7-2700K. The thermal design power is 91 watts, the same as its predecessor, and down only slightly from the i7-2700K. The graphics solution, Intel’s HD 630, is the same one found in the Core i7-6700K. The same DDR4 memory is supported, though the maximum speed is now 2400MHz, an increase from 2133MHz. And the chip uses the same LGA1151 socket as before. That’s a lot of similarities. So, what has changed? There’s just one major feature to point to; Intel’s New Media Engine. The 7th-generation Intel Core chips included hardware decode support for VP9 and HEVC 10-bit, with enables hardware decode of 4K. Intel isn’t talking about this much with the Core i7-7700K, because it’s a little irrelevant. Its predecessor handled 4K video just fine, even if it was typically software decode. Still, it’s good to know the Core i7-7700K can handle 4K video with minimal processor load. The new chipsets feel familiar, too As usual, Intel has a new line of chipsets to go with its new processor. Though there’s technically five new chipsets, consumers need only pay attention to the Intel H270 and Intel Z270, the consumer-focused options. The former is a budget chipset, while the latter is for enthusiasts. What separates them? It mostly comes down to PCI Express lanes and overclocking. The H270 can support up to 20 PCI Express 3.0 lanes on the chipset, while the Z270 has 24. And while the H270 and Z270 both include support for a PCI Express 3.0 1×16 slot for a graphics card, the Z270 lets motherboard builders split the lanes up among two or three slots, for users interested in multiple-GPU setups. Only the Z270 supports overclocking. That’s important for anyone considering the Core i7-7700K, which is an unlocked chip designed to allow overclocking. If you buy a i7-7700K, but pair it with a motherboard that uses the H270 chipset, you won’t be able to overclock it. For the most part, these new chipsets are identical to the H170 and Z170 that supported Intel’s 6th-generation Core desktop hardware. The main difference is one that’s not of consequence until later this year – Intel Optane support. Optane is an all-new storage device technology that Intel says can offer speeds that beat the fastest solid state drive, and it’s due out later this year. But you won’t be able to use it unless you have an Optane compatible motherboard. More: Overclocker pushes Intel Core i7-7700K past 7GHz, aided by liquid nitrogen While new chipsets flank the new hardware, the older H170/Z170 chipsets can accept new 7th-generation intel Core hardware, including the Core i7-7700K. This is enabled through a BIOS update from your motherboard manufacturer. You can simply drop in the new processor so long as you’ve updated BIOS beforehand. On to the benchmarks Enthusiasts have been negative about the prospects of the 7th-generation Core, and for good reason. It doesn’t claim any notable advancement in either architecture or product process. That might lead you to think the processor doesn’t perform much better than its predecessor, the i7-6700K. So, as expected, the Core i7-7700K is underwhelm…wait! Are those scores correct? Indeed. According to GeekBench 3, the Core i7-7700K makes substantial improvements across the board. Its single-core performance is 20 percent better than the Core i7-6700K, and sets a record in that test for processors at stock speed. Multi-core performance, meanwhile, shot up 18 percent compared to the i7-6700K. More: Intel vs. AMD: Which brand of CPU should you choose when building a PC? This isn’t Kaby Lake’s first surprise. As we remarked in our review of the latest Dell XPS 13, the 7th-generation Core beats expectations. There, the Core i7-7200U proved almost 15 percent quicker than the Core i5-6200U in GeekBench 3’s single-core test, and was an incredible 30 percent better in GeekBench 3 multi-core. In GeekBench 3, the Core i7-7700K is 20 percent quicker than the 6700K. Handbrake also shows massive improvement. The Core i7-7700K transcoded our test clip, a 4K trailer of Elysium, to H.265 in five minutes, 45 seconds. The Core i7-6700K needed eight minutes, 33 seconds. That’s a major gain. This doesn’t make the i7-7700K the fastest processor in all tests. As you can see, the Core i7-6950X, which has ten cores, easily defeats the 7700K in multi-core tests. It’s not exactly a fair fight, though, as the 6950X’s increased core count comes at an MSRP of $1,649. The Core i7-7700K is far more practical, and actually wins in single-core benchmarks due to its higher per-core clockspeed. What about overclocking? We didn’t dive into overclocking for this review. It’s not unimportant, but a technically demanding and time-consuming aspect. Frankly, we ran out of time by our publishing deadline. With that said, we do have a data point. Boutique PC builder Digital Storm sent us a Velox gaming desktop ahead of the Core i7-7700K’s launch. It arrived with a base clock speed of 5GHz, and was entirely stable at that speed. This is the highest stable speed we’ve ever seen in a production desktop. Bill Roberson/Digital Trends We’ve tested numerous overclocked Core i7-6700K systems, and the fastest among them hit 4.8GHz, but the majority pushed no higher than 4.7GHz. We’ve also encountered numerous instances where the Handbrake test crashed systems clocked at 4.7GHz, indicating even that overclock was not entirely stable, even if it was stable enough for everyday use. That’s promising. But we also encourage skepticism. Early engineering samples are often best-case examples of hardware, so it’s possible that most production hardware won’t be as capable. And overclocking, which pushes hardware to its limit, can find flaws not immediately evident. It’ll take the overclocking community a couple months to decide if 7th-generation Core is superior to its predecessor. Warranty information Intel boxed processors come with a three-year warranty against manufacturer defects. This does not protect against damage due to overclocking, as you might expect, though Intel does in fact sell a “Tuning Plan” to protect against such damage. AMD provides a similar warranty for its processors. Our Take At this point, everyone expects a new Intel Core processor to be a bit faster than its predecessor. That’s true of the i7-7700K. But its performance gain will surprise those preparing for the 7th-generation to be a disappointing, mid-cycle revision. Is there a better alternative? The DT Accessory Pack Corsair Carbide Series SPEC-02 mid-tower gaming case $60 ASUS Dual-Fan Radeon Rx 480 4GB OC Edition AMD gaming graphics card $217.53 Ballistix Sport LT 8GB DDR4 RAM $51 As Intel’s flagship quad-core, the Core i7-7700K doesn’t have a performance peer. AMD’s Ryzen processor might provide some competition, but it’s not out, and likely won’t be for a few months. The real question is whether you need a processor this fast, as Intel’s other quad-core chips are much less expensive. How long will it last? A very long time. This is a new processor, compatible with new chipsets. Many people still use the five-year-old Intel Core i7-2700K without complaint, and the Core i7-7700K will be useful for at least as long, if not longer. Should you buy it? Yes, if you’re building or buying a new PC, or looking to replace the processor in a PC that’s four years old (or older). The main problem with the Core i7-7700K is one that applies to its predecessors, too. It’s expensive. The Intel bin price is $339, which means retail prices will likely be in the $359-$379 range. That’s a lot, and it drives the chip’s value down. Yet value isn’t the 7700K’s goal. It’s built to be the fastest quad-core processor sold to consumers, and achieves that by setting a record for stock single-core performance. That makes it the obvious choice for enthusiasts in need of an upgrade. Share
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,344 Reviews & Articles | 53,737 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Reviews Motherboards Socket LGA 1150/1151 AORUS Z270X-GAMING 7 Motherboard Review AORUS' Z270X-GAMING 7 is the first motherboard we've seen from the high-end GIGABYTE brand and also our first Z270 review. Let's go! By: Steven Bassiri | Socket LGA 1150/1151 in Motherboards | Posted: 1 week, 5 days ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 91%Manufacturer: AORUS Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and Z270X-GAMING 7 Overview] Page 3 [AORUS Z270X-GAMING 7 Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [AORUS Z270X-GAMING 7 Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup] Page 7 [Overclocking] Page 8 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 9 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 10 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 11 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     Intel's latest and greatest consumer series chipset just launched, and while the hype might not be as great as Z170 launch because the Z270 chipset is just a refresh, there are some major improvements across the platform that should get some excited.   Intel's Z270 chipset offers two main features over its Z170 predecessor, four extra PCI-E 3.0 lanes, and support for Intel's Optane technology. The latter won't be launched until later this year, and four extra PCI-E 3.0 lanes is a nice addition, but not something to make you consider upgrading for Z170, so motherboard vendors went back to the drawing board to give their products more value.     Some of you might be wondering what or who AORUS is; simply put, it is GIGABYTE's high-end brand for notebooks and now motherboards. The AORUS brand was launched a few years ago, and they produce some of the best gaming notebooks on the market, so it makes sense for GIGABYTE to re-brand their premium motherboards with the AORUS name.   The AORUS Z270X-Gaming 7 does bring more to the table than the GIGABYTE Z170X-Gaming 7, and I am not talking about chipset features. RGB LEDs are everywhere now, aside from that the Z270X-Gaming 7 offers very robust fan control, a new UEFI, new USB power technology, and multiple IC generational upgrades.   Let's take a look at what the AORUS Z270X-Gaming 7 has to offer.     Specifications     The Z270X-GAMING 7 has two M.2 ports, U.2, USB 3.1 Gen 2 (I will now refer to this as USB 3.1, and USB 3.1 Gen 1 will be referred to as USB 3.0), ThunderBolt 3, Creative Core3D audio, Intel and Killer LAN, and a slew of other high-end features.     Pricing   The Z270X-GAMING 7's price is $239.99. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [Packaging and Z270X-GAMING 7 Overview] Page 3 [AORUS Z270X-GAMING 7 Circuit Analysis] Page 4 [AORUS Z270X-GAMING 7 Circuit Analysis Continued] Page 5 [BIOS and Software] Page 6 [Test System Setup] Page 7 [Overclocking] Page 8 [CPU, Memory, and System Benchmarks] Page 9 [System IO Benchmarks] Page 10 [Thermal Imaging and Power Consumption] Page 11 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You ASRock Z270 Extreme4 Motherboard Review BIOSTAR Racing Z170GTN Mini-ITX Motherboard Review GIGABYTE X150M-PRO ECC Xeon Motherboard Review GIGABYTE Z170X-Designare Motherboard Review Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags AORUS Intel Intel Z270 Kaby Lake motherboard DDR4 Socket LGA1151 GIGABYTE Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Take home 'Pete's Dragon' in our latest Blu-ray giveaway Putting Nintendo Switch launch games into perspective 'Stranger Things' director talks bigger, darker season 2 Samsung's new Galaxy S8 looks amazing in leaked videos Trump drives TSMC, Foxconn to consider US manufacturingView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity 80mm or 92mm Fan for D8000-3 p67a-ud3-b3 with u1d UEFI bios: pcie 4x works as 1x Can't Find PC-O10 Riser Kit Help overclocking x5460 / GA-EP43-UD3L past 3.99ghz The Coolest Things at CES 2017 from GIGABYTE & AORUSView More Forum Posts Press Releases Immersion and Nintendo enter into agreement to bring Immersion's TouchSense Technology to the Nintendo Switch System LucidSound invites Nintendo Switch gamers to a new standard of powered audio with the LS20 Amplified Universal Gaming Headset Opera Neon envisions the future of web browsers Nintendo Switch launches March 3 at $299.99 ESL One returns to Southeast Asia to kick-off world class Dota 2 action in 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK the chips are back in town — Intel pushes out the rest of its Kaby Lake processors for 2017’s PCs Most (but not all) Skylake CPUs have been updated with Kaby Lake equivalents. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 3, 2017 5:00 pm UTC reader comments 48 Share this story The rest of the Kaby Lake lineup is here. Intel The full lineup of Kaby Lake chips will fit in a familiar array of form factors. Intel A dual-core K-series Core i3 CPU is new to the Kaby Lake lineup. It's a spiritual successor to the Haswell-based Anniversary Edition Pentium from a few years back. Intel Kaby Lake chips paired with 200-series chipsets are "Optane memory ready," if you're hungry for fast, new, expensive things. Intel Intel promises the K-series Kaby Lake chips will overclock better than before. Intel Intel released the first of its lightly refreshed Kaby Lake processors late last year, but those chips only covered thin-and-light laptops and convertibles. Today at CES, the company officially took the wraps off the rest of the lineup, including a full range of socketed desktop processors, a number of quad-core laptop chips for gaming laptops and mobile workstations, and a few additional laptop chips with higher clock speeds and better integrated GPUs. Know your codenames Codename and year Process Prominent consumer CPU branding Tick/tock Westmere (2010) 32nm Core i3/i5/i7 Tick (new process) Sandy Bridge (2011) 32nm Second-generation Core i3/i5/i7 Tock (new architecture) Ivy Bridge (2012) 22nm Third-generation Core i3/i5/i7 Tick Haswell (2013) 22nm Fourth-generation Core i3/i5/i7 Tock Broadwell (2014-15) 14nm Fifth-generation Core i3/i5/i7, Core M Tick/"Process" Skylake (2015-16) 14nm Sixth-generation Core i3/i5/i7, Core m3/m5/m7 Tock/"Architecture" Kaby Lake (2016-17) "14nm+" Seventh-generation Core i3/i5/i7, Core m3 "Optimization" Cannonlake (2017?) 10nm TBA "Process" There are few surprises in this lineup. Broadly, all of these processors feature the same improvements as the Kaby Lake chips we already know about, and almost all of the new chips are simply updated versions of Skylake chips that already exist. Kaby CPUs have slightly higher clock speeds than the Skylake chips they replace, and they're built on a marginally improved manufacturing process Intel calls "14nm+." The integrated GPUs support hardware-accelerated decoding and encoding of 10-bit HEVC/H.265 video streams and decoding of 8-bit VP9 streams. This saves power and CPU cycles and makes 4K playback possible on some systems that wouldn't have been able to handle it before. HDMI 2.0 and HDCP 2.2 are also supported, which (respectively) enable 4K output at 60Hz over an HDMI cable and provide the DRM required to carry an encrypted 4K signal from the thing that’s playing it to the screen that will show it. The maximum supported DisplayPort version remains 1.2, however, dashing the hopes of anyone who wants to drive a 5K display at 60Hz over a single cable using DisplayPort 1.3. We've got a full review of the high-end Core i7-7700K here. For the rest of the lineup, read on. U-series: Meet "Iris Plus" A U-series chip with eDRAM on the CPU package. Intel 15W U-series CPUs with Iris Plus 640 GPUs. Intel 28W U-series GPUs with Iris Plus 650 GPUs. Intel There are a couple new faster U-series CPUs without the Iris Plus GPUs, too. Intel Further ReadingIntel unveils Kaby Lake, its first post-“tick-tock” CPU architecture A few 15W dual-core U-series CPUs started shipping back in the fall, but Intel is expanding the lineup with a smattering of new 15W and 28W models that completely replace the equivalent Skylake chips. Eight of these processors—the 28W i7-7567U, i5-7287U, i5-7267U, and i3-7167U and the 15W i7-7660U, i7-7560U, i5-7360U, and i5-7260U—feature Intel Iris Plus 650 and 640 GPUs. The "Iris Plus" name is new, but the basic configuration really isn't. Like the Skylake Iris GPUs, they use 48 of Intel's graphics execution units (EUs) and include a 64MB eDRAM cache to boost performance. The "Plus" label seems intended to separate them from previous-generation Iris GPUs with no eDRAM and the Iris Pro GPUs with 72 EUs and 128MB of eDRAM. When we compared the 15W Skylake CPUs with Iris and eDRAM to the 15W Broadwell CPUs without eDRAM, we saw a nearly 100 percent jump in graphics performance. Going from Skylake to Kaby Lake won't yield the same kind of jump, but upgrading from Haswell or Broadwell or anything older will give you a lot more performance. That said, it's worth noting that virtually no one other than Apple and Intel itself actually uses these chips and GPUs in any of their products. Apple ships them in 13-inch MacBook Pros and Intel ships them in its NUC mini-desktops (including the ones it just announced today). Intel has offered them for years, but they've never been popular with OEMs. As a footnote, Intel is also releasing two new U-series chips without Iris Plus. The Core i7-7600U and i5-7300U each feature 100MHz faster base clock speeds and 400MHz faster Turbo Boost clock speeds than the previously released i7-7500U and i5-7200U, but they are otherwise identical. This includes their eDRAM-free HD 620 GPUs. H-series: Quad-core CPUs for laptops A quad-core H-series CPU. These don't have integrated chipset dies like the U-series chips, nor do these particular models include Iris Pro GPUs or eDRAM. Intel H-series quad-core laptop processors across the Core i7, i5, and i3 families. Intel H-series Xeons for mobile workstations. Intel Intel is releasing a total of nine processors in the "H-series" family across the Core i7/i5/i3 and Xeon product lines. Nearly all of these are quad-core CPUs with 45W TDPs; the lone exception is the Core i3-7100H, which is a dual-core, four-thread part with a 35W TDP. We'll next break down the other eight processors. The i7-7820HK is a 2.9GHz (3.9GHz Turbo) overclockable processor, a follow-up to the first overclockable laptop CPU Intel announced in 2015. The wisdom of overclockable laptop processors aside, these did show up in a handful of high-end boutique gaming laptops. It has an Intel HD 630 integrated GPU—24EUs, no eDRAM—and supports 2400MHz DDR4 RAM and 2133MHz LPDDR3 (up from 2133MHz and 1866MHz in Skylake, respectively). Five of the others—the i7-7920HQ, i7-7820HQ, i7-7700HQ, i5-7440HQ, and i5-7300HQ—have the same integrated GPUs and same RAM support but lack the overclocking ability. The chart above lists the full matrix of CPU and GPU clock speeds, L3 cache sizes, and presence or absence of vPro support, but the lineup is straightforward enough. Core i5 chips have four cores and four threads; i7 chips have eight threads. And the lineup tops out with the 3.1GHz (4.1GHz Turbo) i7-7920HQ. Finally, we come to the two Xeons. The E3-1505M v6 and E3-1535M v6 replace the Skylake Xeons. Like those chips, they have a lot in common with the vanilla Core i7s. This includes their 45W TDP and their quad-core, eight-thread CPUs; the HD P630 GPU will also perform the same as the HD 630. The difference is that the Xeons support ECC RAM, which is important for specific workloads where memory corruption absolutely needs to be avoided. Curiously, there are no processors with Iris Pro GPUs anywhere in this lineup. Again, few OEMs aside from Apple and Intel ever used these graphics processors, and even Apple's latest MacBook Pros exclude them in favor of dedicated GPUs. But it means the Kaby lineup is still falling somewhat short of completely replacing the Skylake lineup. Listing image by Intel Page: 1 2 Next → Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 48 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks Despite NVIDIA's incredible revenue-growth potential, Qualcomm and Intel easily beat it as winning income investments. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Jan 3, 2017 at 10:46AM Image source: Getty Images. Just as with people, there's no such thing as the perfect stock. As just one prominent example, investors griped that tech giant Apple didn't pay a dividend in the early years of this decade. However, when the company initiated its truly remarkable capital return program in 2012, some investors lamented that its days as a growth stock had come to an end. Its shares have outperformed the Nasdaq Composite in the most recent 1-year, 5-year, and 10-year periods. Similarly, graphics semiconductor dynamo NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) has utterly trounced the market in 2016, thanks to the company's impressive exposure to some of tech's most important growth markets. However, NVIDIA's 0.5% dividend yield falls short compared to the market averages, or to large-cap semiconductor peers like Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Here's why income investors may want to consider Qualcomm and Intel over NVIDIA. 1. Qualcomm Arguably the best dividend stock in the semiconductor space, mobile connectivity giant Qualcomm excels in two very important regards. First, Qualcomm's current yield of 3.2% stands well in excess of the S&P 500's 2% yield. Second, Qualcomm has grown its dividend payments at an impressive clip over the past 13 years, increasing the dividend in every year during this period. All told, Qualcomm's dividend history has seen the San Diego-based chipmaker increase its payouts at a compound average growth rate (CAGR) of 24%. Better still, Qualcomm's 51% payout ratio suggests the company enjoys enough financial flexibility to continue to grow its dividend payments in the coming years. More broadly, though some regulatory headwinds may dampen its growth story in any single period, Qualcomm enjoys a favorable overall outlook for its business. On the regulatory front, its Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) division, which generates the majority of the chipmaker's profits, has faced challenges to the ability to collect 3G and 4G patent royalties owed to it. In China, handset OEMs simply stopped paying Qualcomm royalties, and the Chinese government challenged the legitimacy of Qualcomm's patent-licensing terms. The two sides settled, and Qualcomm has seen an uptick in its Chinese patent-licensing revenue by steadily reaching licensing agreements with Chinese handset OEMs. But the EU has also looked into Qualcomm's patent-licensing practices, and South Korea recently fined it $853 million. So long as Qualcomm can gradually navigate these issues -- and the essential nature of its patents suggests that is the case -- its business appears impressively positioned to capitalize off some of the largest areas of growth in coming years. Qualcomm's coming acquisition of NXP Semiconductors will allow it to tap into the compelling future growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) trend. So while some issues certainly remain, Qualcomm is indeed a far better dividend stock than its semiconductor rival NVIDIA. 2. Intel Though it falls short of Qualcomm's status as an elite dividend stock, Intel's dividend prowess makes it a better income investment than NVIDIA for a few key reasons. First, Intel enjoys a far longer track record of dividend payments. Intel began dividend payments in 1993, whereas NVIDIA only initiated its dividend program in late 2012. Second, Intel stock currently yields 2.8%, less than Qualcomm, but still several times more than NVIDIA's minuscule current yield. Its payout ratio is a healthy 39%, suggesting the company should be able to continue increasing its payments in the near term. At the same time, Intel's dividend history isn't necessarily spotless, either. Though it has grown its cash distributions at an annual average rate of 21%,  Intel's dividend growth has lacked the kind of steady annual increases that income investors adore. For one reason or another, it has failed to raise its annual dividends at least four times since 2000. As mentioned above, successful investing isn't defined by dividends alone. Intel easily bests NVIDIA as a dividend stock, but NVIDIA's overall investment outlook certainly trumps Intel's in the years to come. NVIDIA remains a great growth stock Having already doubled its dividends per share since 2012, NVIDIA's history as a dividend stock is certainly off to a nice start. However, that short track record also makes it something of an unknown quantity to typically conservative dividend investors. That being said, demand for NVIDIA's graphics processing units (GPUs) seems likely to soar in the years to come. Technologies like virtual reality, self-driving cars, and artificial intelligence all rely on the high-performance GPUs that NVIDIA pioneered, and where it still holds a technology advantage over would-be competitors like Intel and Advanced Micro Devices. At the end of the day, NVIDIA remains a great investment for those primarily seeking long-term share-price appreciation, with some income as a nice secondary perk. However, for semiconductor investors seeking dividend income first and foremost, names like Intel and Qualcomm present better options today. Andrew Tonner owns shares of AAPL. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL, Nvidia, and Qualcomm. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Jan 3, 2017 at 10:46AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Intel NASDAQ:INTC $36.79 up $0.08 (0.22%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $103.33 down $0.11 (-0.11%) Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM $66.88 up $0.76 (1.15%) Read More 3 Stocks to Watch in January Intel Corporation's Best Moves in 2016 Instant Analysis: Mobileye, Intel, and BMW to Deploy Autonomous Vehicles by H2 2017 NXP Semiconductors, NV Is Building Car-Chip Markets in China 1 Number Qualcomm Inc. Investors Need to Keep an Eye On Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Forget NVIDIA Corporation: Here Are 2 Better Dividend Stocks #stocks $INTC, $NVDA, $QCOM
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK New NUCs — Intel’s new mini PCs have new chips, an updated design, and Thunderbolt 3 New NUCs get their first facelift in a while, along with HDMI 2.0 and more. Andrew Cunningham - Jan 3, 2017 5:00 pm UTC reader comments 78 Share this story Intel's new NUCs have an updated look and some nice new features. Intel The "short" NUC case. Note the microSD slot. Intel The "tall" NUC case. Intel Here's all the I/O. Intel In the last four or five years, Intel's "Next Unit of Computing" (NUC) hardware has evolved from interesting experiments to pace cars for the rest of the mini desktop business. Mini PCs represent one of the few segments of the desktop computing business that actually has growth left in it, and every year the NUC has added new features that make it work for a wider audience. This year's models, introduced alongside the rest of Intel's new "Kaby Lake" processor lineup at CES, include new processors with new integrated GPUs, but that's probably the least interesting thing about them. Thanks to the demise of Intel's "tick-tock" strategy, the processing updates are minor. Kaby Lake chips include smaller performance and architectural improvements than past generations, and the year-over-year improvements have been mild over the last few years. The big news is in all the ways you can get bytes into and out of these machines. Further ReadingReview: Much-improved Iris GPU makes the Skylake NUC a major upgrade There are two Core i3 models (NUC7i3BNK and NUC7i3BNH), two Core i5 models (NUC7i5BNK and NUC7i5BNH), and one Core i7 model (NUC7i7BNH)—that last one is intended to replace the older dual-core Broadwell i7 NUC and not the recent quad-core "Skull Canyon" model. The Core i3 and i5 versions come in both "short" and "tall" cases, the latter of which offers space for a 2.5-inch laptop-sized SATA hard drive or SSD. The i7 version only comes in a "tall" version. Like past NUCs, all five models offer two laptop-sized DDR4 RAM slots and an M.2 slot for SATA and PCI Express SSDs (up to four lanes of PCIe 3.0 bandwidth is available). Bluetooth and 802.11ac Wi-Fi is built-in. All of the new NUCs benefit from a revamped design that uses a darker aluminum finish and moves the power button from the top of the box to the front—the button location will be more convenient most of the time, since you'll be able to put the NUC onto smaller shelves or stack things on top of it without losing access to the on/off switch. Unfortunately, this also means that customizable lids for older NUCS are incompatible with the newer models. The power button also uses a new user-customizable, color-changing LED. You can decide which color to make it, and you can decide its behavior (by default Intel says it functions as a disk activity indicator, though you can presumably make it a regular power indicator if you don't want it blinking all the time). Further ReadingIntel pushes out the rest of its Kaby Lake processors for 2017’s PCs As for the rest of the NUCs' features, Intel has drawn a line between the Core i3 model and the i5/i7 models. All of the boxes include four USB 3.0 ports (two on the front, two on the back), a headphone jack, an IR receiver, an HDMI 2.0 port, a gigabit Ethernet port, a microSD card slot, a dedicated power jack, and a new USB-C port that can be used for data or DisplayPort output (the dedicated DisplayPort is gone, and this port can't be used to power the NUCs). In the i5 and i7 models, the USB-C port is also a full-fledged Thunderbolt 3 port, the first time any of the smaller dual-core NUCs have included Thunderbolt since the old Ivy Bridge model back in 2012. Also unique to the i5 and i7 models are "Iris Plus" GPUs with 64MB of embedded eDRAM, an addition that helped give the Skylake NUCs a huge graphics boost last year. The new "Iris Plus" moniker seems designed to highlight the performance improvements over older Haswell- and Broadwell-era Iris GPUs that didn't include eDRAM, but performance should be in the same ballpark as the Skylake Iris GPUs. The "Iris Pro" branding is still reserved for higher-end chips with 128MB of eDRAM. Finally, the "tall" models of all Kaby Lake NUCs are being referred to as "Intel Optane memory ready," meaning that they'll support using Intel's new 3D XPoint (pronounced "crosspoint") storage, designed to boost the speed of a standard SSD once the technology is released. It's not clear whether this will actually be noticeable compared to a standard SSD, but once it goes mainstream Optane promises to be more robust than the NAND flash used in today's drives. Further ReadingRazer uses Thunderbolt 3 to add dedicated graphics to its sleek new Ultrabook Kaby Lake's expanded support for 4K video encoding and decoding and the HDMI 2.0 port will make these NUCs more useful as 4K HTPC boxes, since they'll be able to output fully HDCP 2.2-compliant 4K video streams at up to 60Hz for the first time. And the Thunderbolt 3 ports open up all kinds of possibilities for future expansion, including external GPU docks like the Razer Core. We don't have exact pricing for any of the new NUCs yet, but expect the price for barebones kits with no RAM, SSD, or OS to stay roughly in line with the Skylake models: around $500 for the i7 model, around $400 for the i5 model, and at or a little under $300 for the Core i3 model. The Core i3 NUC will be available later this month, while the higher-end models will launch by the end of the first quarter. Listing image by Intel Andrew Cunningham Andrew has a B.A. in Classics from Kenyon College and has over five years of experience in IT. His work has appeared on Charge Shot!!! and AnandTech, and he records a weekly book podcast called Overdue. Email andrew.cunningham@arstechnica.com // Twitter @AndrewWrites reader comments 78 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews Processors  Intel Core i7-7700K Processor Review Intel Core i7-7700K Processor Review Posted by Nathan Kirsch | Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - 11:00 AM 3 Comments Jump To: Page 1: Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake CPU Performance Page 2: Our CPU Test Systems Page 3: Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Overclocking Page 4: Memory Bandwidth Benchmarks Page 5: Real World Benchmarks Page 6: Media Encoding & Encryption Benchmarks Page 7: Web JavaScript & HTML5 Benchmarks Page 8: 3DMark & Cinebench Page 9: Discrete GPU Gaming Performance Page 10: Power Consumption and Temperatures Page 11: Final Thoughts and Conclusions Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake CPU Performance The 7th Generation Intel Core i7 Kaby Lake desktop processors have been officially announced and the Intel Core i7-7700K is the new flagship LGA1151 processor for Intel! Intel Kaby Lake desktop performance numbers have been leaked for more than two months now, so if you are reading this review we truly appreciate it and thank you for supporting Legit Reviews and all the independent reviews that we have been doing since 2002! Intel is releasing 16 new LGA1151 processors today for the Kaby Lake desktop processor launch. The good news is that all of these processors are backwards compatible with existing Intel 100 series boards after a UEFI update and of course the new Intel 200 series boards that were also announced today. Pricing on the flagship desktop model, the Intel Core i7-7700K, start at $339 and then go all the way down to just $138 on the lower-end dual-core models. Intel 7th Generation ‘Kaby Lake’ LGA1151 Desktop CPU Lineup SKU Name Cores/Threads Core Clock Boost Clock L3 Cache TDP Graphics Price (USD) Core i7-7700K 4/8 4.2 GHz 4.5 GHz 8 MB 91W 630 $339 Core i7-7700 4/8 3.6 GHz 4.2 GHz 8 MB 65W 630 $303 Core i7-7700T 4/8 2.9 GHz 3.8 GHz 8 MB 35W 630 $303 Core i5-7600K 4/4 3.8 GHz 4.2 GHz 6 MB 91W 630 $242 Core i5-7600 4/4 3.5 GHz 4.1 GHz 6 MB 65W 630 $213 Core i5-7600T 4/4 2.8 GHz 3.7 GHz 6 MB 35W 630 $213 Core i5-7500 4/4 3.4 GHz 3.8 GHz 6 MB 65W 630 $192 Core i5-7500T 4/4 2.7 GHz 3.3 GHz 6 MB 35W 630 $192 Core i5-7400 4/4 3.0 GHz 3.5 GHz 6 MB 65W 630 $182 Core i5-7400T 4/4 2.4 GHz 3.0 GHz 6 MB 35W 630 $182 Core i3-7350K 2/4 4.2 GHz N/A 4 MB 60W 630 $168 Core i3-7320 2/4 4.1 GHz N/A 4 MB 51W 630 $149 Core i3-7300 2/4 4.0 GHz N/A 4 MB 51W 630 $138 Core i3-7300T 2/4 3.5 GHz N/A 3 MB 35W 630 $138 Core i3-7100 2/4 3.9 GHz N/A 3 MB 51W 630 $117 Core i3-7100T 2/4 3.4 GHz N/A 3 MB 35W 630 $117   Intel only sent over the Core i7-7700K processor today for us to take a look at, so our focus will be on this 91W TDP quad-core processor with 8-threads thanks to Intel Hyper-Threading technology. The big difference between the on the Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake processor and the Intel Core i7-6700K Skylake processor is that the new Kaby Lake processors are built using the improved 14nm+ FinFET process that has had a number of refinements done that have allowed Intel to get higher clock frequencies without increasing power. That has allowed Intel to gain 200MHz on the base clock and an impressive 300MHz max turbo frequency on the Core i7-7700K over the Core i7-6700K while keeping the power exactly the same at 91W TDP. Both processors have the same amount (8MB) of L3 cache and even the tray pricing is the same at $339 apiece. Core i7-7700K Core i7-6700K Intel Series 7th Generation 6th Generation Architecture Kaby Lake Skylake Process Tech 14nm+ 14nm Cores/Threads 4/8 4/8 Base Clock 4.2 GHz 4.0 GHz Max Turbo Clock 4.5 GHz 4.2 GHz SmartCache 8MB 8MB TDP 91 watt 91 watt Max. Memory 64GB 64GB Graphics HD Graphics 630 HD Graphics 530 Graphics Compute Units 24 24 Graphics Clocks 350 – 1150 MHz 350 – 1150 MHz Tray Price $339 $339 Just looking at the Intel Core i7-7700K processor you won’t see many changes as it is still an unlocked LGA1151 processor! Intel still allows for BCLK and Multiplier adjustments for overclocking Kaby Lake processors and you should easily expect to overclock beyond 5 GHz on the core clock with good cooling like a closed loop liquid cooler. The other big addition inside Intel’s 7th Generation Core series processors is the addition of a new media engine for HEVC 10-bit (H.265) and VP9 hardware accelerated decoding for improved media performance. Having a dedicated media engine handling video decode is a big deal as it helps ensure media playback is smooth and will improve power efficiency for the latest video formats. Let’s take a look at the test system and then the test results!   Questions or Comments? View this thread in our forums! Jump To: Page 1: Intel Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake CPU Performance Page 2: Our CPU Test Systems Page 3: Core i7-7700K Kaby Lake Overclocking Page 4: Memory Bandwidth Benchmarks Page 5: Real World Benchmarks Page 6: Media Encoding & Encryption Benchmarks Page 7: Web JavaScript & HTML5 Benchmarks Page 8: 3DMark & Cinebench Page 9: Discrete GPU Gaming Performance Page 10: Power Consumption and Temperatures Page 11: Final Thoughts and Conclusions 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11  Next » Terry Perry You make it sound so Cheap still have W10 140$ new DDR Ram 16g 150-180$ new SSD 3-400 $$$ now that NEW V.C. 3-800 $$ the P.S. getting Old 150$$ gerwingr 6700K, are being sold, at Vancouver gas stations, for 200 american, i bought one, i am just moving from the x58 platform, a server and a workstation. i have read the article twice, and other than scaling, i do not see much difference. anon Still a fan o X58. Not power efficient but powerful. I miss in legit their i7-9xx to compare it at same clock speeds with those newbies. Since 2600k – 2700k I find intel consumer CPUs boring. I moved to x5690 from a i7-920 and running at 4,5Ghz is quite a contender to all these new CPUs. And pcie 2.0 16x has still to be proben to be a noticeable bottleneck. Anyone with a low budget shouldnt doubt to build their gamming machines around old intel cpus for the next 2-3 years. At least until dx12 probes its worthy. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO 12 things you'll get in PCs with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips 12 things you'll get in PCs with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips Amazingly thin PCs with Kaby Lake will get 4K video, VR capabilities and longer battery life Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 04 January, 2017 04:00 - - - - print email Comments Amazingly thin Windows 10 laptops and tablets will soon become available with Intel's new Kaby Lake chips, which were announced at CES. These chips, called 7th Generation Core, will extend laptop battery life to new highs, and bring new capabilities like 4K video. You'll also enjoy VR by connecting headsets to Kaby Lake laptops or tablets. There's a lot more to Kaby Lake, and here's what you can expect from PCs: Thinner and lighter laptops Laptops and tablets with Kaby Lake are so thin and light that their weight in a backpack is not noticeable, unless it's a fully loaded gaming PC. Samsung's new 13.3-inch Notebook 9 weighs an amazing 816 grams, but offers only seven hours of battery life. Low-power Kaby Lake chips will also be in laptops and 2-in-1 devices from Lenovo, HP, Acer and Dell that weigh 1 to 1.5 kilograms. Better battery life Intel says users can expect 10 hours of battery on thin-and-light laptops and tablets, but PC makers are claiming even longer battery life. Lenovo is claiming its new ThinkPad X1 Carbon will have 15 hours of battery, while the ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 will offer 16 hours. Dell is claiming battery life up to 15 hours for its new XPS 13 2-in-1, and 10 hours when streaming Netflix video. Those numbers are based on MobileMark benchmarks, but battery life typically varies in real world usage. The disappearing display borders Windows devices are also getting smaller because of thinner borders around displays. The best example is the Dell XPS 13, which is a 13.3-inch laptop compressed in the frame of an 11.6-inch laptop. It has a borderless display, with the screen dominating the entire display panel. The trend is growing with the new PCs, with a notable example being the ThinkPad X1 Carbon, which is a 14-inch laptop in a 13.3-inch laptop frame. Watch 4K video Graphics processors in Kaby Lake chips are capable of processing 4K video, so you will be able to watch movies on a laptop with a screen or external display at that resolution. Intel is also partnering with video streaming companies to push 4K movies to Kaby Lake PCs. 4K movies from Netflix are already available, and Intel said 4K movies from FandangoNow and Sony's Ultra 4K movies will come later this year. Users will need a Microsoft Edge browser to view the 4K movies. Use VR headsets You'll be able to hook up VR headsets to view movies, play games and roam virtual worlds. Many headsets -- which will need to be hooked up to Kaby Lake PCs -- will come later this year from Dell, Acer, HP, Asus and Lenovo, with prices starting at US$299. Kaby Lake is Intel's entry into the emerging world of VR, which is providing a new way to interact with computers. The chip's integrated GPU is able to handle basic VR, but won't be enough for  high-end headsets like Oculus Rift or HTC Vive, which need discrete GPUs from Nvidia or AMD. More secure biometric logins Microsoft wants to kill passwords with Windows Hello, which can log users into PCs via facial recognition, fingerprints or retina scans. Intel's providing an alternative to Windows Hello called Authenticate, which requires multiple authentication techniques to log in to PCs. For example, users may be required to log in twice -- once during the pre-boot sequence and then again in to Windows once the boot is complete. Authenticate is available only in business PCs with Kaby Lake vPro chips. Intel claims Authenticate is more secure than Windows Hello, as user data is secured and stored in a special CSME (converged security manageability engine) chip, which has its own operating system and firmware. Microsoft and Intel are co-developing a version of Authenticate and Windows Hello with multi-factor authentication to log into a PC and Windows. Faster storage with Optane PC designs could change forever with the superfast Optane, a new class of storage and memory that could replace conventional SSDs and DRAM. Intel claims Optane-based SSDs are 10 times faster than today's SSDs, and denser than DRAM. But here's the bad news: the first Optane units will be lower-capacity caching storage, not full-fledged SSDs with large storage capacity. The initial Optane units will help load the OS, applications and games faster, and will work with only with Kaby Lake PCs. It could be ideal for gamers looking to buffer games, or those running engineering applications or creating virtual reality content. Run applications faster The new Kaby Lake chips have faster CPUs and GPUs so applications and graphics can run faster. PCs are also faster as Windows 10 has also been tweaked to work closely with the chip. PC makers are seeing CPU performance improvements between 5 and 15 percent with Kaby Lake chips compared to the predecessor Skylake chips. More modems and connectivity for laptops Modems have been in laptops for years more as an afterthought, but not anymore. Lenovo is offering modems as a standard feature in its ThinkPad X1 laptops and 2-in-1s so users can connect to cellular networks if Wi-Fi isn't available. Like with smartphones, cellular modems will drive communications in laptops, especially with 4G network speeds going up and 5G networks around the corner. Overclock Gamers craving more performance will be able to overclock the Core i7-7820HK Kaby Lake chip, which has a base speed of 2.9GHz but can be cranked up to 4.4GHz. Look for the chip in Dell's Alienware 15 and 17 laptops, which are being launched at CES. Cut cables There's a renewed effort to cut cables from PCs with wireless charging and data transfer technologies. Wireless charging laptops are being shown at CES, and Intel's increasing its focus on bringing WiGig wireless technology to PCs. WiGig can wirelessly connect laptops to peripherals like storage devices and monitors, providing a way to get rid of connectors and display ports from PCs. The wireless technologies are still years away from widespread adoption, but gaining steam again after a few years of inactivity. Many more ways to interact Be it through pen, voice, touch or typing, PCs with Kaby Lake chips will provide a more natural way for users to interact with PCs. Intel and Microsoft are developing technology so users can shout out commands to the Cortana voice-activated assistant from longer distances. Additionally, Microsoft is making it easier to take notes on Windows PCs with styluses. 6 Styles of Customer Analytics More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about AcerAlienwareAMDDellHPHTCIntelLakeLenovoMicrosoftNetflixNvidiaSamsungSony Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Dell EMC Global data protection index II Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner Email Security in a Zero Trust World Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Senior|Principal SAP HR Functional Consultant QLD Software Developer ACT Technical Business Analyst VIC WebMethod Developer NSW Virtualization Architect ACT Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network NSW Life/400 Developers / Programmers - Permanent - North Ryde area NSW Chief Architect - Public Sector ACT JDEVELOPER NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next Microsoft launches StaffHub to connect deskless workers ​Australian entrepreneur unveils ‘brain-controlled’ telepresence robot ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). CSO After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims Suspected NSA tool hackers dump more cyberweapons in farewell Guccifer 2.0, alleged Russian cyberspy, returns to deride US Siblings arrested in Italy's worst cyberespionage operation ever Computerworld The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Computerworld news now available via Alexa Flash Briefing Will Trump's policies increase IT employment? ARN Security concerns remain as open source usage surges Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe InfoTrust - Specialising in security ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Techworld Social networks let the rich buy influence 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine The Switch is a mix of Nintendo's past consoles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February INU is a pricey personal scooter for the urban consumer CMO Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data Interview: The business case for mixed reality in marketing Marketing, sales and IT could be up for big pay rises in 2017 Design thinking: Leading with experience Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,344 Reviews & Articles | 53,737 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Reviews CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Intel CPUs Intel "Kaby Lake" 7700K CPU Review Intel's "Kaby Lake" 7700K desktop processor launches today, but how does it vary from the 6700K and other CPUs? Let's find out. By: Steven Bassiri | Intel CPUs in CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs | Posted: 1 week, 5 days ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA TweakTown Rating: 91%Manufacturer: Intel Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [7700K, Z270 Motherboards, and Test Setup] Page 3 [Out of the Box: CINEBENCH, wPrime, AIDA64 EE AES, and FPU] Page 4 [Out of the Box: Handbrake Video Transcoding and ScienceMark] Page 5 [Out of the Box iGPU: GPGPU, UNIGINE, ResidentEvil, and 3DMark] Page 6 [Out of the Box dGPU: GTA:V, UNIGINE, Resident Evil, 3DMark] Page 7 [Clock for Clock: CINEBENCH, wPrime, AIDA64 EE AES, and FPU] Page 8 [Clock for Clock: Handbrake Video Transcoding and ScienceMark] Page 9 [Clock for Clock: GPGPU, UNIGINE, ResidentEvil, and 3DMark] Page 10 [Clock for Clock dGPU: GTA:V, UNIGINE, Resident Evil, 3DMark] Page 11 [Overclocking and Power Consumption] Page 12 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Introduction     Over the past few months, there have been many leaks revealing performance figures of Intel's latest 7th Generation Core series processors. Today, I will give the 7700K a formal review, and compare it to the 6700K and older Intel processors. Before I begin, I want to clarify Intel's claims about the Kaby Lake microarchitecture.     As part of Intel's new strategy, Kaby Lake is a refresh, mainly focusing on process improvement rather than performance improvements. Intel didn't claim much regarding IPC gains, but they did claim that their new process, dubbed 14nm Plus (14nm+), will usher in frequency improvements. These frequency improvements, a 200MHz base and 300MHz turbo increase over the 6700K, are designed to fit within the same TDP window. Frequency increases aren't the only thing Intel claimed; they also claimed better overclocking features and improvements to the media engine within the integrated graphics portion of the CPU.     Looking at the actual specifications of the 7700K, we see that Intel has also upgraded the integrated graphics from Intel HD 530 in the 6700K to Intel HD 630. The new integrated graphics are built upon Intel's Gen 9 graphics with the addition of dedicated media processing units for HEVC and VP9 encoding and decoding. These additions allow PC users to stream 4K Netflix content for the first time (you must also use HDMI 2.0). If you want to know more about the specifics of the process improvements and additions to the integrated graphics portion of the new 7700K, I did a write-up. Comparing the 6700K and 7700K reveals the same cache size, same dynamic frequency for the integrated graphics, the same TDP, the same 130W suggested cooling solution (PCG 2015D), and the same 1ku pricing. The only big differences in specifications between the two CPUs is a 266MHz boost to DDR4 memory speeds and the 200/300MHz boosts to base and turbo frequencies.     Looking at the new 200-series chipset, Intel has made two major additions. The first is the addition of x4 PCI-E 3.0 lanes to the PCH, allowing for more PCI-E based devices and less lane sharing. The next major improvement and something only a 200-series motherboard will support is Intel Optane memory. Intel is saying that this new memory, based on 3D XPoint, will first come in the form of an M.2 device. Optane fits into memory hierarchy somewhere between DRAM and NAND. DRAM has very low latency compared to NAND, but NAND supports much higher densities. I will speculate for a second and say that we will probably see Optane in the same sizes we first saw NAND SSDs, and used in the same way.   I am talking about 16/32/64GB M.2 Optane devices using a technology similar to the Intel Smart Response SSD Caching technology we saw on the Z68 platform. However, it would be interesting to see Optane stand alone, and not merged with a storage device, and instead treated as another level of memory, much like DRAM. Time will tell, but if you want Optane first, you must use a 200-series motherboard.     Pricing   The final retail price of the 7700K should be around that of the 6700K. Next Page Shopping Information PRICING: You can find products similar to this one for sale below. United States: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon's website. United Kingdom: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon UK's website. Canada: Find other tech and computer products like this over at Amazon Canada's website. Content Page Summary Page 1 [Introduction, Specifications, and Pricing] Page 2 [7700K, Z270 Motherboards, and Test Setup] Page 3 [Out of the Box: CINEBENCH, wPrime, AIDA64 EE AES, and FPU] Page 4 [Out of the Box: Handbrake Video Transcoding and ScienceMark] Page 5 [Out of the Box iGPU: GPGPU, UNIGINE, ResidentEvil, and 3DMark] Page 6 [Out of the Box dGPU: GTA:V, UNIGINE, Resident Evil, 3DMark] Page 7 [Clock for Clock: CINEBENCH, wPrime, AIDA64 EE AES, and FPU] Page 8 [Clock for Clock: Handbrake Video Transcoding and ScienceMark] Page 9 [Clock for Clock: GPGPU, UNIGINE, ResidentEvil, and 3DMark] Page 10 [Clock for Clock dGPU: GTA:V, UNIGINE, Resident Evil, 3DMark] Page 11 [Overclocking and Power Consumption] Page 12 [What's Hot, What's Not & Final Thoughts] Recommended for You Intel 7th Gen "Kaby Lake" Core Processor Overview Intel "Broadwell-E" Core i7-6950X 10-Core Extreme... Intel "Skylake" Core i7-6700K CPU (Z170 Chipset and... Intel Broadwell 5th Gen Core Processor Family Preview... Right of Reply We at TweakTown openly invite the companies who provide us with review samples / who are mentioned or discussed to express their opinion of our content. If any company representative wishes to respond, we will publish the response here. Related Tags Intel CPU processor Kaby Lake 7700K 7600K GT630 14nm Got an opinion on this content? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Take home 'Pete's Dragon' in our latest Blu-ray giveaway Putting Nintendo Switch launch games into perspective 'Stranger Things' director talks bigger, darker season 2 Samsung's new Galaxy S8 looks amazing in leaked videos Trump drives TSMC, Foxconn to consider US manufacturingView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity 80mm or 92mm Fan for D8000-3 p67a-ud3-b3 with u1d UEFI bios: pcie 4x works as 1x Can't Find PC-O10 Riser Kit Help overclocking x5460 / GA-EP43-UD3L past 3.99ghz The Coolest Things at CES 2017 from GIGABYTE & AORUSView More Forum Posts Press Releases Immersion and Nintendo enter into agreement to bring Immersion's TouchSense Technology to the Nintendo Switch System LucidSound invites Nintendo Switch gamers to a new standard of powered audio with the LS20 Amplified Universal Gaming Headset Opera Neon envisions the future of web browsers Nintendo Switch launches March 3 at $299.99 ESL One returns to Southeast Asia to kick-off world class Dota 2 action in 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Next Page
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Acer Aspire VX 15 keeps the ports, stays unique for gamers Chris Burns - Jan 3, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit This week the folks at Acer have announced a collection of gaming notebooks and PCs, including the Acer Aspire VX 15. This machine works with an “iron red” backlit keyboard and what Acer describes as an “edgy red chassis” to make sure you know it’s for gaming. This device rolls with a 15.6-inch Full HD IPS display and has a 7th Gen Intel Core i7 processor and GTX 1050 Ti graphics card, striking a sweet spot for cost and performance. This notebook is inches: 15.31 (W) x 10.45 (D) x 1.1/1.14 (H) (that’s mm: 389 (W) x 265.5 (D) x 28/28.9 (H)) – so it’s not massive. It weighs in at 5.51 lbs (2.5 kg) with its 3-cell battery pack. That pack is a 52.5 Wh 4605 mAh 11.4 V Li-ion battery with what Acer says will be up to 6 hours of uptime. We’ll have to test it out in the field to see if that means six hours of gameplay. Options in processors for this machine include the Intel Core i7-7700HQ and the Intel Core i5-7300HQ. Also available is the Intel HM175 Mobile PHC chipset – if you’re into that sort of thing. Graphics options include the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 or the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 Ti. The Aspire VX 15 works with several choices for SSD: 128 / 256 / 512 GB, SATA 6 Gb/s and one option for HDD: 1 TB 2.5-inch (5400 RPM). Dual-channel DDR4 SDRAM support brings up to 16 GB of DDR4 system memory, upgradable to 32 GB using two soDIMM modules. You’ll also notice an ethernet port in the side, there – the high-end notebook market still exists! On that same note – Acer should be commended here for continuing to make notebooks with unique industrial designs. They’ve kept their ports – they’ve even added ports – and they’ve not backed down from their gaming aesthetic. I applaud Acer’s tenacity when it comes to presenting computers that look and feel different from the rest of the pack – well done! This Acer Aspire VX 15 will be available starting this month (January of 2017) in North America and EMEA. Prices in North America start at $799 and 899Euro in EMEA. Story Timeline Acer's new Chromebook 15 serves up 15-inch display, longer battery life Microsoft VR comes with $300 headsets from Lenovo, ASUS, Acer Acer TravelMate P4 Windows 10 Pro laptop launches in the U.S. Acer Aspire C Series all-in-one desktops with ultra-slim bezels launch in US Acer Chromebook 11 N7 released to take some damage Tags AcerCESCES 2017GamingLaptopnotebook Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
Israel News Israel News Politics & Diplomacy Sports Culture Business & Innovation Business & Innovation Health & Science Environment Israeli Innovation Not Just News Diaspora Opinion Middle East Middle East ISIS Threat Iran News American Politics American Politics Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Premium Premium Magazine IVRIT Metro The Jerusalem Report In Jerusalem January 16 2017 | Tevet, 18, 5777 | Israel News Israel News Politics & Diplomacy Sports Culture Business & Innovation Business & Innovation Health & Science Environment Israeli Innovation Not Just News Diaspora Opinion Middle East Middle East ISIS Threat Iran News American Politics American Politics Hillary Clinton Donald Trump Premium Premium Magazine IVRIT Metro The Jerusalem Report In Jerusalem Arab Israeli Conflict Israel News Opinion Middle East Diaspora Green Israel Premium Christian News Business & Innovation Israeli Politics Culture Health and Science Trending now Israeli women Iran News Isis Threat Blogs Jerusalem Post Business & Innovation Israeli-Innovation Intel launches next-gen processors, developed and designed in Israel ByMichael Zeff 03 January 2017 19:01 The 7th generation processors provide record-breaking performance rates and are the fastest, strongest processors available to the general public, as well as being energy-saving. Intel Core i7 CPUs, also known as Kaby Lake. (photo credit:INTEL) Intel announced on Tuesday the official launch of its full line of advanced seventh generation computer processors. According to Intel’s Israel division, the majority of development and design for the new high-performance processors came from the company’s Haifa development center. Be the first to know - Join our Facebook page. “Today, many of Intel’s core products are being developed through Intel Israel’s development branch, specifically the sixth generation processors that were announced last year and the seventh generation that was just announced today,” Ran Sanderovitz, vice president and general manager of Intel Israel’s development centers, told The Jerusalem Post on Tuesday. According to Sanderovitz, employees at the center in Haifa, and in Yakum north of Tel Aviv, are behind many of the improvements to the 7th generation processors, with support from the firm’s communications platforms in Petah Tikva and Jerusalem. “Of course, we work collaboratively with other international teams. Nothing you do is 100% local, but I would say that the majority of the design and the innovation – the big core improvements in physical design, architecture, built-in hardware security and device connectivity – were driven from our development center here,” he said. “The ability to improve the existing performance rates of the processors was a very innovative task and was driven from Israel and done by the Intel Israel team. This is one of the best, if not the best, processor team in the world today. I think it’s a result of chutzpah and the audacity to dare stretch the limits of capability. This is also what makes companies like Intel invest in Israel,” Sanderovitz said. According to Intel’s announcement, the new processors provide record-breaking performance rates and are the fastest, strongest processors available today for the general public, as well as being energy-saving. “Every year our team manages to add more and more performance power to the processors. Every year we manage to improve computing power by an average of 10%. With this line, our Israel team broke the world record once more, by 12%,” said Sanderovitz. Intel’s first batch of seventh generation processors already hit the markets in August 2016, with a line focused more on low-power, lightweight and portable devices better suited for private individual use. Tuesday’s announcement brings the full range of processors to consumers who are professionals who use the Intel-powered devices for work or art, and for enterprises which also require non-portable devices. “Now our full portfolio of products is out there. With this launch we are addressing the high-performance needs of the enterprise market segment and those who have more specialized needs from their machines,” Sanderovitz said. The new processors are also a boon for gamers and the gaming industry, he said, as well as for anyone who deals with virtual reality, as they were specifically designed with the gamers and the VR sector in mind. “The Israel team is very much in tune with the public, and is inspired to excel by consumer needs.” Hours before Intel officially announced the launch, Japan’s Toshiba Corporation announced that, as of this month, nine of Toshiba’s computer models will be updated with the new processors. Chinese computer manufacturer Lenovo made a similar announcement in December. “This is probably the crown jewel of Israeli high-tech. Very few products that are designed in Israel generate so much value by consumers worldwide, considering how many people are getting devices with an Intel processor,” Sanderovitz said. Relevant to your professional network? Please share on Linkedin Tags: intel technology nanotechnology research Prev Article Intel launches 7th generation CPUs developed and designed in Israel Israel Railways threatens to halt trains following Environment Ministry reprimand Next Article Share this article via Facebook Twitter Google+ from around the web Related Content 16 January 2017 Health Ministry asks NII to establish breast-milk bank By JUDY SIEGEL-ITZKOVICH Religious woman ousted from hospital for ‘spiritual counseling’ By JUDY SIEGEL-ITZKOVICH Promoted Content Government approves plan to boost manpower in hi-tech sector By SHARON UDASIN Promoted Content Emergency room visits decrease in 2015 By JUDY SIEGEL-ITZKOVICH Promoted Content Israeli device to prevent GPS disruptions hits the market By SHARON UDASIN Promoted Content OUR FREE DAILY NEWS BLAST SUBSCRIBE Please insert a valid email address By subscribing I accept the terms of use Top Stories Hot Opinion Alan Dershowitz Obama’s Middle East legacy: Tragic failure Jeff Barak Reality check: Living high off the hog Kenneth Lasson Why Trump should move US Embassy to Jerusalem JP Videos WATCH ALL Syria to UN: Israel launched missile attack, has conspired in civil war Abbas meets Pope, warns against US embassy move to Jerusalem Obama's farewell warning Most Read Analysis: What does Russia really think about Israel's alleged airstrikes in Syria? Israel ahead of Paris talks: Calling Western Wall 'occupied territory' is absurd German court calls synagogue torching an act to 'criticize Israel' Israel Weather 5 - 20 Beer Sheva 8 - 20 Tel Aviv - Yafo 5 - 13 Jerusalem 8 - 17 Haifa 10 - 22 Elat 8 - 19 Tiberias Sign Up For Our NewsLetter Follow Us Information About Us Feedback Staff E-mails Copyright Advertise with Us Statistics Ad Specs Terms Of Service Privacy Policy Subscriber Agreement jpost-jobs The Jerusalem Post Group NYC Conference Diplomatic Conference Learn Hebrew The Jerusalem Report Our Magazines Edition Francaise Green Israel Jerusalem Post Lite Ulpan Online Tools and services JPost Mobile Apps JPost Premium JPost Newsletter JPost News Ticker JPost RSS feeds JPost.com Archive JPost Archives JPost Alert Find us on Google+ Digital Library Promo Content Promo Content Bridge Loans 1000 Dollar Loan Commercial Construction Loans Commercial Espresso Machines Gaming Keyboard And Mouse Cash Counting Machines Portable Solar Generators Portable Air Conditioners Lego Train Sets Himalayan Salt Lamps Sites Of Interest Jerusalem Hotels KKL-JNF Poalim Online car rental Israel get twitter followers PromoCodeWatch: Online Coupons Hubnames: Best Products Life Hacks Follow Us Copyright © 2016 Jpost Inc. All rights reserved • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy ux design by: studio Inbar Edut •
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR more Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Circuit Breaker CES 2017 News Microsoft Asus announces a whole suite of new PCs powered by Intel’s latest processor New, 5 comments by Nick Statt@nickstatt Jan 3, 2017, 12:00pm EST share tweet Linkedin The Asus ZenBook UX510 laptop is available now starting at $999. Asus Live coverage from the year's biggest technology conference, the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. The year in tech starts here. Asus today announced updates to most of its major laptop, 2-in-1, and desktop product lines, incorporating Intel’s latest Kaby Lake processor for better performance, battery life, and efficiency gains. The product refresh, revealed today at CES 2017, includes new Asus ZenBook models, a new Transformer Pro 2-in-1, and three new versions of its Zen AiO all-in-one desktop. Also included in the update is Asus’ GT51CH gaming desktop, which now comes with the seventh-generation Intel chip. Intel Kaby Lake offers only incremental upgrades over the previous generation Kaby Lake is a second “tock” in Intel’s “tick-tock” chip strategy — it’s essentially a modified version of the Skylake architecture, which itself was an optimization of the 14nm Broadwell design. That means this generation of Intel chip will only offer incremental upgrades and not the kind of sizable leap one might typically associate with a brand-new generation of processor. That doesn’t mean Kaby Lake won’t offer noticeable boosts. Intel says the chip can achieve double-digit percentage point increases in web performance and application speed. Kaby Lake is also 10 times more efficient than the company’s first-generation Core processor, whereas Skylake was about eight times more efficient. In other words, these upgrades — while incremental — are still necessary and welcome steps in the evolution of the PC ecosystem. It means that when you buy one of these new Asus devices, you’re getting the most up-to-date components, at least until Intel takes the wraps off its eight-generation Cannonlake architecture. The Zen AiO all-in-one desktop. Asus There are some differences between models in this Asus refresh worth noting. The ZenBook UX510 features better Nvidia graphics than the UX330, and it comes with a 4K display that is 2.3 inches larger than the 13.3-inch display on the 330. The ZenBook Flip, on the other hand, is the only 2-in-1 model in the ZenBook series that’s receiving Intel’s new processor. Here’s the full list of Asus product updates featuring Kaby Lake, excluding the GT51CH gaming desktop, which has yet to receive pricing or availability details: ZenBook UX330 laptop starting at $749 (available now) ZenBook UX310 laptop starting at $699 (available now) ZenBook UX510 laptop starting at $999 (available now) ZenBook Flip UX360UA 2-in-1 starting at $899 (available May 2017) Transformer Pro T304 2-in-1 starting at $999 (available May 2017) Zen AiO Pro Z240IE all-in-one desktop starting at $1,799 (available May 2017) Zen AiO ZN270IE all-in-one desktop starting at $999 (available May 2017) Zen AiO ZN241IC all-in-one desktop starting at $999 (available May 2017) Update: 6:46PM ET, 1/3: Clarified Kaby Lake’s position in Intel’s tick-tock chip release strategy. In this Storystream All of the laptops and desktop PCs announced at CES 2017 This Dell 2-in-1 laptop can wirelessly charge through its keyboard Asus announces a whole suite of new PCs powered by Intel’s latest processor Asus’ latest Chromebook is a $500 USB-C-equipped convertible View all 23 stories Next Up In CES 2017 News The most promising headphones from CES Self-tracking headsets are 2017’s big VR trend — but they might leave your head spinning Gadget Earth Night into daytime: behind the scenes with The Verge at CES 2017 Sony’s wonderful new OLED TV is mostly the work of LG Display Neodriven is a rearview mirror replacement that can make your car semi-autonomous Now Trending Apple removes app that let you find your AirPods Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie This disassembled Aston Martin DB11 engine is engineering pornography The bizarro big business of Mark Wahlberg and national tragedy DirecTV Now appears to be a complete mess This Article has a component height of 16. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Tech Amazon Amazon is seeking FCC permission to conduct wireless technology tests by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Last week, Amazon.com filed an application with the Federal Communications Commission, seeking permission to run experiments on a number of frequency bands that might have some connection to the company’s work with delivery drones. The... New, 0 comments Entertainment Film Star Wars Rogue One's reshoots show how Disney saved the first standalone Star Wars movie by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak Now that Rogue One: A Star Wars Story has been out in theaters for a month, the veil of secrecy has been lifted and we’ve learned quite a lot about about how the film came together. This is pretty typical for most movies, save for the fact that R... New, 8 comments TL;DR Entertainment TV Jude Law had no idea what a meme was before The Young Pope by Kwame Opam@kwameopam Jude Law evidently isn’t a child of the internet. Despite playing the Church’s holiest supervillain in HBO’s The Young Pope, Law was unprepared for how easily the show could be turned into memes. In fact, he had no idea what memes were before the... New, 5 comments Google Tech Transportation Google takes another step towards launching its own self-driving Uber-killer with new patent by Andrew J . Hawkins@andyjayhawk Google has a lot of self-driving cars that have driven a lot of miles, but so far, no commercial use for them. But that could change if the Silicon Valley giant pursues its rumored plans of developing an autonomous ride-sharing network to compete... New, 2 comments Advice How to be human How to be human: it’s not you, it’s them — no, really by Leah Reich Leah Reich was one of the first internet advice columnists. Her column "Ask Leah" ran on IGN, where she gave advice to gamers for two and a half years. During the day, Leah is Slack’s user researcher, but her views here do not represent her... Business Entertainment Culture Ringling Brothers and Barnum & Bailey Circus will shut down in May 2017 by Andrew Liptak@AndrewLiptak A year after it announced that it would no longer use elephants in its performances, the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus will hold its final performances in May of this year. The Cirus’s parent company, Feld Entertainment Inc, revealed... New, 1 comment Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Intel Core i7-7700K & i5-7600K Kaby Lake CPU Review Home News Reviews Previews Community Compare Prices Channel Cebit CES Computex Event General Tech Science Component APU Bundles Cases Cooling CPU Graphics Hard Drives Memory Motherboard Optical Drive Power Supplies Printers Soundcard SSD Drives Virtual Reality Lifestyle Apple iPad iPhone iPod Mac Laptop / Mobile Accessories Netbook Notebook Tablet PC Mobile Android Blackberry Media Phone Smartphone PC Base Unit Gaming PC General Purpose PC Peripheral Camera Drive Caddy Graphic Tablet Headphones Keyboards Monitors Mouse Pen Drives Routers Speakers Toys Site News A Day In The Life Of Carl – Cartoon Strip Announcements Annual Awards Competitions Competitions 2 Competitions 3 Highlights Highlights 2 Highlights V Highlights-new Interviews Interviews 2 Site Debate Software & Gaming Apps Computer Speakers Console Drivers Gaming Seat Online Operating Systems Security Wireless Wireless Card Intel Core i7-7700K & i5-7600K Kaby Lake CPU Review 1. Introducing Kaby Lake: The Core i5-7600K & i7-7700K2. Kaby Lake: Skylake Optimised and the Z270 Welcoming Party3. Overclocking the Kaby Lake 7600K & 7700K4. Testing Methodology5. Tests: Processor-related6. Tests: Processor & Memory-related7. Tests: Gaming (Discrete GPU)8. Tests: Gaming (iGPU)9. Technical: Power Consumption & Temperatures10. Closing Thoughts11. View All Pages Review Score: January 3rd, 2017 at 5:01 pm - Author Luke Hill Kaby Lake is upon us. With Intel killing off its Tick-Tock product cycle in 2016, Kaby Lake ushers in the new ‘Optimisation’ phase of a Process-Architecture-Optimisation strategy. What does that mean? Kaby Lake is effectively a barely tweaked version of Skylake which uses Intel’s optimised 14nm+ process technology resulting in improved frequencies. Reading between the lines, this means that significant performance improvements are not Kaby Lake’s goal (spoiler: that’s effectively how the performance is). What the optimised 14nm+ process node brings to the table is improved frequency performance which sees the Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K shipping as Intel’s fastest out-of-the-box consumer chip. And that improved frequency ability stays when overclocking the chips past their rated speeds and voltages. The Skylake Core i5-6600K and Core i7-6700K have generally been received well by the enthusiast market since their launch in August 2015. Aided by a feature-rich platform that offered temptation for users interested in high-speed storage and connectivity pipelines, Skylake adoption rates seemed very good, anecdotally speaking. Kaby Lake’s 3.8GHz (4.2GHz turbo) Core i5-7600K and 4.2GHz (4.4GHz turbo) Core i7-7700K basically aim to pick up where the Skylake predecessors have left off. The CPUs are joined by the new Z270 chipset which brings with it additional IO lanes and support for Intel Optane Memory but the same LGA 1151 socket is used so Skylake works with Z270 and Kaby Lake works on Z170 (with a BIOS update). Oh, and there’s Intel ‘s new HD 630 iGPU under-the-hood which runs up to 1150MHz for the unlocked i5 and i7 (not that gamers or discrete GPU users will care). So, to be brutally honest, there’s little for desktop enthusiasts to get particularly excited about with Kaby Lake from a CPU perspective. The exception to that statement is a hoped increase to upper-end frequencies achievable via overclocking thanks to the optimised process technology. On the desktop side of things, this is basically a case of making the fastest architecture faster simply because the process node optimisations are there for the taking. Note: Please ignore the pricing numbers in the above images as they are incorrect. Core i7-7700K and Core i5-7600K represent the multiplier-unlocked launch party for Kaby Lake. There’s an unlocked dual-core, hyper-threaded Core i3-7350K on the horizon but that part is unlikely to show up for another few weeks. The 7700K and 7600K are both rated as 91W TDP parts due to their multiplier-unlocked statuses. The i7-7700K is a 4 core, 8 thread part that operates at 4.2GHz base frequency and boosts as high as 4.5GHz. Hyper-threading is not enabled with the i5-7600K, making it a 4 core, 4 thread part that runs at 3.8GHz base and 4.2GHz maximum turbo boost speed. Those boost speeds are using Turbo Boost 2.0, not 3.0 as seen on Broadwell-E CPUs. 8MB of Intel Smart Cache (L3) is used for the i7-7700K while the i5-7600K chip gets that cut down to 6MB. Both CPUs use Intel’s new up-to-1150MHz HD 630 integrated GPU which we will discuss in further detail shortly (and test). The same dual-channel DDR3L/DDR4 memory capability seen on Skylake is present with Kaby Lake but this time DDR4 frequency support is increased to 2400MHz natively. The highlighted pricing for the 7700K and 7600K is lower than that of both Skylake predecessors; the Core i7-7700K is $305 (vs the 6700K’s $350) while the Core i5-7600K is $217 (vs the 6600K’s $243). Update 03/01/2017: it has come to our attention that pricing information in the above images is for 1ku tray pricing, which is not comparable to the retail pricing numbers for Skylake. Suggested retailer pricing for the Core i7-7700K is $339 and the i5-7600K is $242. The Great British Pound has depreciated significantly since Skylake’s August 2015 launch so don’t expect to see much difference in the pricing for Kaby Lake compared to Skylake (there’ll probably be a slight increase, in fact). We expect the i7-7700K to retail towards the £350 mark and the Core i5-7600K to sell towards £240. Update 05/01/2017: the Core i7-7700K is now available for £349.99 and the Core i5-7600K is £239.99 from Overclockers UK. Jumping through the ages (from left to right): Devil’s Canyon i7-4790K, Skylake i5-6600K & i7-6700K, Broadwell-E i7-6800K, Kaby Lake i5-7600K & i7-7700K. Features (Core i7-7700K): 4.2GHz base frequency (up to 4.5GHz turbo frequency). Unlocked core ratio multiplier. BCLK overclocking capability. 4 cores, 8 threads. 8MB Intel Smart Cache. Dual-channel DDR4-2400MHz and DDR3L-1600MHz native memory support. 16 PCIe 3.0 lanes. Intel HD 630 GPU (up to 1150MHz). 91W TDP. LGA 1151 socket. $339 pricing. Features (Core i5-7600K): 3.8GHz base frequency (up to 4.2GHz turbo frequency). Unlocked core ratio multiplier. BCLK overclocking capability. 4 cores, 4 threads. 6MB Intel Smart Cache. Dual-channel DDR4-2400MHz and DDR3L-1600MHz native memory support. 16 PCIe 3.0 lanes. Intel HD 630 GPU (up to 1150MHz). 91W TDP. LGA 1151 socket. $242 pricing. Page : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Pages:Next > Pages:Next > Similar Posts Categories Tags Related Related Tags: 7600k7700KCPUi5i7Intelkaby lakeoverclockingprocessorReviewZ270 Categorized Under: CPU, Highlights V, Reviews WhateverYouWantItToBe Rushed out as an answer to Zen/Ryzen. You’re stupid if you buy one of these now without seeing what AMD will offer. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) superaconi No, kaby lake was announced that will be little boost from skylake, the best of intel is coming from Cannonlake VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) WhateverYouWantItToBe It’s barely a “little boost”. Clock for clock, benchmark results show literally 0 improvement. Only improvement is slightly better OC. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) S.O.T.O.S Very disappointing performance it’s almost the same with 6700k why intel bothered to release this ?? Cannonlake looks more promising VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Adam Chambers Most pointless intel release to date. The day they go back to dropping the igpu on the i5/i7 range and keep them for the i3 will be the day we actually get improvements. I would expect if they dropped a CPU with a 5.0GHz out the box speed and some decent gains whilst loosing the intergration then almost all gamers running dedicated GPU’s would take note and buy. As it is there is zero reason to look at this and wait to see what Ryzen (release January 2017) and Cannon Lake (Late 2017) do really if you have anything in the i5/i7 4 series or above. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Adam Chambers It may well be that Cannonlake is the answer to Ryzen, however the release of the 7700k is inline with the Ryzen release and Cannonlake will be 9-11 months later. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) RODDYGINGER The though that there will be people out there who’ll upgrade from Skylake to this….. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) goldenboy77 under performing junk I will pass VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Dylan Not from Cannonlake. From Ice Lake in 2019. Intel is in a bad situation right now. They have no real developments in the works until 2019. Kaby Lake up to Coffee Lake are simple increments. Kaby Lake is just a Skylake refresh with a different name, and Coffee Lake will just be Cannonlake with six cores coming to the mainstream platform; essentially, the low-tier of Cannonlake-E rebadged. Like Broadwell-E’s 6800K/6850K. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Ben Champ I was hoping for better I was going to finally jump from my 2600k to this gen but there is very little difference between my cpu and 6700k and it looks like there is no difference between that and this new gen. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Dave C. in BNA Hey y’all, i’ve read thru your comments about the Kaby Lake 7700k and I have a request. I am FINALLY able to afford to upgrade my “gaming rig” which is an old ThinkCenter Pent Dual Core E5500 with an Nvidia GeForce GT 730, so anything will be mo betta… My question is what to buy as the heart of a new Gaming Rig? I am Network Spt specialist so I can assemble myself but im not up to date on the best gaming gear. If you could please make recommendations? I can probably spend up to $1800 that I received from my late mother’s estate. Thanks, plz dont hate, i really need your input. Peace! VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) WhateverYouWantItToBe Best to wait for Zen, then you can get an i7 or the equivalent AMD CPU depending on which performs better or is better value for money. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) John Smith Im on the same boat buddy, tired of this deliberate turtle play from both AMD and Intel. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Dave C. in BNA Thank you, since you replied I’ve watched the Zen video at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4DEfj2MRLtA and I am definitely going to wait for the Ryzen release. In the mean time I will research the AM4 Mobos available and try to choose one. I have long been an avid Nvidia fanatic and never once thought about using a Radeon card but I must admit I find the new AMD Vega interesting. I am looking forward to seeing the benchmarks on it and possibly purchase one for my new gaming rig. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Polls Your next gaming screen should be? Curved: Wrap around action Flat: Preserve the tradition I only game on laptops View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Latest News Netgear’s Lionel discusses Arlo Baby Complete Monitoring System... Filed under: CES Nintendo Switch hands-on: what we learned... Filed under: Console, Event, Highlights 2 MSI’s Joran showcases new Kaby Lake motherboard features... Filed under: CES Some Intel Skylake and Kaby Lake CPUs are open to a USB debug exploit... Filed under: CPU, Security Halo Wars 2 beta coming to PC next week... Filed under: Software & Gaming Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 Channel Component Lifestyle PC Peripheral Professional Reviews Site News Software & Gaming Home News Reviews Previews Buying Advice Games Sitemap Community Privacy Terms of use Contact Copyright © 2010-2016 KitGuru Limited. All rights reserved. A Korona Solutions Concept.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS Intel launches Kaby Lake desktop and mobile workstation processors Dean Takahashi@deantak January 3, 2017 9:02 AM Above: Intel Kabylake processor Image Credit: Intel Intel is releasing its second batch of 7th Generation Core processors, code-named Kaby Lake, for desktops and mobile workstations. The world’s biggest chip maker shared the announcement at CES 2017, the big tech trade show in Las Vegas this week, where the chips can be seen in a wide variety of gaming laptops, desktops, VR/gaming machines, and vPro for enterprise PCs. The Kaby Lake chips, first revealed for laptops in August 2016, are the successors to 2015’s Skylake processors. Skylake used a 14-nanometer manufacturing process, and Kaby Lake uses something that Intel calls “14nm+.” The 14nm+ process can deliver a family of Kaby Lake processors that are as much as 300 megahertz faster, as well as offering some architectural improvements. For instance, Kaby Lake delivers the same central processing unit (CPU) core and performance per megahertz as Skylake, but it has improvements in graphics, video processing, increased battery life for laptops, and the number of data lanes to the CPU. Above: Intel 7th Generation Core processors Image Credit: Intel   Intel says the new 7thGen Intel Core processors are designed to fit every life and work style. The 7thGen Intel Core processor family will fit in just about anything, including compute sticks, ultra-thin 2-in-1 detachables and convertibles, thin and light laptops, high-performance laptops, a range of desktops, all-in-ones and minis, and Intel Xeon processor-based mobile workstations. The new 7thGen Intel Core processor and Intel Xeon processor family includes the 4.5-watt Intel Core vPro processors (Y-series) for 2-in-1 detachables, 15-watt Intel Core vPro, 15-watt and 28-watt Intel Core processors (U-series) for 2-in-1 convertibles and thin and light clamshells, and more. For the mid range, Intel has 45-watt Intel Core vPro processors (H-series) for large screen clamshells and premium notebooks, 45-watt Intel Core mobile processor (H-series), unlocked processors for enthusiast and VR capable notebooks, and 45-watt Intel Xeon processors for mobile workstations. And at the high end, Intel has 65-watt Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for mainstream towers, 65-watt and 35-watt Intel Core and Intel Core vPro processors (S-series) for all-in-ones and minis, and 95-watt and 65-watt Intel Core processors (S-series) for enthusiast towers. Intel’s rival, Advanced Micro Devices, is planning to compete against Intel’s Kaby Lake lineup with its Ryzen processors, which will come out in the first quarter of 2017. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.

Home | Reviews | Guides | Contest | Case Gallery | Newsletter | IRC Chat | Forums Community Donate to OCC [email protected] [email protected] Misc. Areas About Us Employment Overclocking FAQ OCC Clothing Follow Us! Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds Google Currents Welcome Stranger to OCC!Login | Register Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Review ccokeman    -   January 3, 2017 Category: CPU's Price: $339 » Discuss this article (6) More Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Introduction: It's been about a year and a half since Intel brought out a new chipset and processor for the mid-range enthusiast. Throughout 2016 we saw a focus on Broadwell-E and updates to the X99 platform for the extreme user and hardcore gamer. Now, the rest of the user base gets some love with the release of Intel's new 7th Generation Core series processors and 2 Series chipset. Intel is going to release four different series of processors that range from the 4.5 watt Core Vpro "Y" series for detachables, the 15 to 28 watt Core Vpro "U" for slim notebooks that includes SKU's with Iris Pro graphics, the 45 watt "H" series for high performance notebooks and all-in-ones, and finally the "S" series that includes the 65 and 95 watt parts that fall into the high performance desktop region that we know so well. With this large of a release, Intel has got the entirety of the non-extreme market covered from top to bottom. The SKU that I will be looking at today is the Core i7 7700K. This new processor is the successor to the K SKU lineup that was headlined by the 6th Generation Skylake 6700K. This processor proved to be a strong performer thanks to its high out of the box boost clock speed and IPC improvements over the Broadwell-based 5775C and Devils Canyon 4790K. Pricing on this processor at the top of the product stack will come in at $339 or about $30 more than the current top of the product stack 6th Generation Core i7 6700K. Let's dig a little deeper to see what Intel brings to the table with this launch. Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Closer Look: Intel's 7th Generation processors code named Kaby Lake are built on Intel's 14nm+ process. The Core series will consist of quad core and dual core variants with and without Hyper Threading, depending on the SKU. The Core i7 7700K is a quad core processor with Hyper Threading that allows the end user to access up to eight threads at one time for improved performance. The Core i7 7700K features a baseline clock speed of 4.2GHz that will use Turbo Boost 2.0Technology to spool up to 4.5GHz during light, single threaded workloads. The graphics capabilities of this processor and pretty much the whole of the "S" series rely on Intel HD 630 graphics running at 1150MHz. It's not the Iris Pro line, but an enthusiast or power user usually will be using a discrete card for their graphics fix anyhow. Memory support for this platform will be dual channel DDR4 with speeds up to 2400MHz officially supported and DDR3 officially supported at speeds up to 1600MHz. Knowing the kind of memory speeds that Skylake could hit, Kaby Lake should do better. The Intel 2 Series chipset for the enthusiast will wrap around the Z270 chipset. While there are several others for different usage scenarios, I will focus my look on the Z270 chipset, as it's built for use with Intel 6th and 7th Generation Core series overclocking enabled SKU's in mind. Taking a look around the block diagram shows that there are 16x PCIe 3.0 lanes dedicated for discrete graphics with support for up to three displays and Thunderbolt connectivity. There are a total of 24 PCIe 3.0 lanes available. Support for peripheral connectivity includes up to 10 USB 3.0 ports, 14 USB 2.0 ports, six SATA 6Gb/s ports, Intel I219-V gigabit LAN connectivity, a new Intel High Definition sound solution that uses an integrated digital signal processor, dual channel memory support, and Intel's latest storage solutions. A couple new additions to the feature set come to fruition with the 7th Generation processors and 2 Series chipset. Optane Memory will be a quick access memory to improve performance and responsiveness when it hits the market. Hardware level security options make its way to the table to further reduce the exposure of the system.     Intel's packaging for the overclocking enabled SKU's has shrunk down over time, as the included cooling solutions shrank and eventually disappeared from the packaging. Not to worry, however, as it usually hit the storage drawer for warranty purposes or the circular file in order to put a more capable solution in place. The silicon inside is usually the treasure we are after. The 7th Generation Core i7 7700K is an LGA 1151 socket compatible processor. As such it looks much the same as the Core i7 6700K, visually, from both the top and bottom with a few changes to the component structure externally. Inside, Intel uses a 14nm+ process to deliver improved power consumption while still boosting performance.       All the new technology is great, but the reality is how well does it perform when put to the test? How does it compare to what's currently on the market? How does it overclock? Gaming performance? All questions that can be easily answered. Let's see what it can do! --- Article Quick Nav ---1 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor: Introduction & Closer Look2 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor: Specifications & Features3 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Setup & Overclocking4 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Apophysis, WinRAR, GeekBench, Bibble 55 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Office 2010, POV Ray, ProShow Gold, Handbrake6 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: SiSoft Sandra 2016, AIDA 647 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Cinebench R15, HW.Bot X265 Benchmark, PCMark 8.28 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Gaming9 » Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor: Conclusion Next page » Article Index Email Link Print Article Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor: Introduction & Closer Look Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor: Specifications & Features Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Setup & Overclocking Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Apophysis, WinRAR, GeekBench, Bibble 5 Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Office 2010, POV Ray, ProShow Gold, Handbrake Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: SiSoft Sandra 2016, AIDA 64 Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Cinebench R15, HW.Bot X265 Benchmark, PCMark 8.2 Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Testing: Gaming Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor: Conclusion Related Products Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Review Recent Articles GTX 1070 Overclocking Guide Watch_Dogs 2 Review Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Review Shadow Warrior 2 Performance Analysis OCC's Top 3 Cases of 2016 Shadow Warrior 2 Review Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation Review PowerColor Devil Box Redux Review OCC'S Top 3 Coolers of 2016 XFX RX 480 XXX GTR Review » all reviews Forum Posts Steam Daily Deals OCC Twitch Stream Stolen Razer Laptops for Sale in China current resolution? Can somebody with nvidia gpu force manually restart pc and then check event viewer? Latest News Hardware Roundup: Friday, January 13, 2017, Edition Stolen Razer Laptops for Sale in China Ghost Recon Wildlands Getting 30-Minute Live-Action Promotional Video Hardware Roundup: Thursday, January 12, 2017, Edition Cooler Master Announces Community Platform for Modders AMD Possibly Launching Ryzen CPUs Before or During GDC Microsoft Cancels Scalebound Cooling Nano-Chimneys Made of Graphene and Nanotubes Hardware Roundup: Tuesday, January 10, 2017, Edition Random Pic Click to enlarge Most Popular Articles Intel 7th Generation Core i7 7700K Processor Review GTX 1070 Overclocking Guide Ashes of the Singularity: Escalation Review Shadow Warrior 2 Review OCC's Top 3 Cases of 2016 Latest Comments Firefox Gets a 64-bit Version for Windows [6] Repairing Nerves with 3D Printed Guides [1] Valve Announces the Vive VR Headset, Built by HTC [1] Sony Announces Premium Sound Memory Card [1] NVIDIA Hit With Class Action Lawsuit Over GTX 970 Memory Issue [1] Predicting the Past in Quantum Mechanics [1] Equation Group Spying Software Found on Hard Drives Across the World [3] Super Bowl Halftime Show Powered by MAINGEAR System with Four GeForce GTX Titan Z GPUs [3] Fake Facebook Porn Links Infect Over 110,000 Users with Trojan in Just Two Days [1] ContactReview RequestsForumsAdvertiseOCC Logos and Banners © 2001-2017 Overclockers Club ® Privacy Policy Elapsed: 0.0307769775

Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Technology Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Technology Intel, Dell show off products aimed at gamers, business Originally published January 3, 2017 at 9:00 am Updated January 3, 2017 at 5:07 pm Tech giants Intel and Dell unveil new and powerful products aimed at niches in beleaguered PC market that show some health. Share story By Matt Day Seattle Times technology reporter Chipmaker Intel and personal-computer giant Dell are introducing new products ahead of CES, launching tools aimed at gamers, virtual-reality enthusiasts and business customers. The announcements, an effort to target the healthier corners of a beleaguered PC market, come on the first day of news conferences before this week’s gathering in Las Vegas. Tuesday’s announcements from Dell bring new entries into the company’s Alienware, Inspiron and Latitude laptop brands. Intel, builder of most of the brainlike central process units that power computers, was set to announce the latest chipsets built using its seventh-generation, Kaby Lake architecture. PCs and the guts that power them typically take a back seat at CES, the former Consumer Electronics Show, as the focus at the massive trade show lands on areas like robotics, artificial intelligence and self-driving cars. Most Read Stories Michael Bennett explodes at reporter following Seahawks-Falcons game Anti-Trumper John Kasich to doubters: I'm no lame duck Can’t make it to D.C.? Seattle will have own women’s march Man arrested after Bellevue mosque damaged in suspected arson  VIEW Seattle’s Mayor Murray kills city-run bike-share programUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The move to put more-capable PCs on that stage anyway comes as demand for the devices shrinks with consumers and businesses relying on smartphones and buying or replacing computers less often. Researcher Gartner estimates 442 million personal computers and tablets were sold worldwide in 2016, down 8.6 percent from the year before. Another decline, to 439 million units, is expected this year. New Dell Alienware gaming laptops, with screen sizes from 13 inches to 17 inches and integrated graphics-boosting from Nvidia and Intel chips, have starting prices from $999 to $1,349.99. A 15-inch, gaming-focused Inspiron 15 7000, starts at $799. All are available in the U.S. this week. A business-focused Latitude two-in-one touch-screen laptop, the 5285, starts at $899 and will be available by March, following a slate of updates to Dell’s XPS line announced on Monday. Lenovo and HP, the world’s two largest PC makers by sales, also unveiled high-end computers aimed at gamers and professionals. Lenovo’s new slate includes the introduction of a gaming-focused Legion brand of laptops starting at $899. HP went big with a giant, 34-inch curved screen all-in-one PC under its Envy brand. Some of the computers announced this week are powered by the latest set of Intel processors unveiled Tuesday. Intel’s new chipsets include tools for businesses to manage employees’ computers, improve speed and display videos shot in 4K resolution. The new series is a small step forward by Intel’s standards, as the company’s effort to make smaller, more powerful brains for computers runs into some physical constraints. The company last year broke with its ticktock development model, under which Intel would introduce a smaller chip-manufacturing technology, and follow that with a new architecture every 12 to 18 months. Kaby Lake is the third generation of chipsets built on the 14-nanometer manufacturing technology Intel first shipped to customers in 2014. Intel, Samsung and Taiwan Semiconductor are all working on 10 nm chips, with commercial availability of some expected this year. Symantec goes hardware route Digitally securing the home used to mean buying anti-virus computer software and avoiding malicious links in email inboxes. Locking down the connected home of the future, with televisions, thermostats, light bulbs and refrigerators all trying to talk to each other, likely won’t be that simple. Norton, the cybersecurity software brand owned by Symantec, is taking a stab at remedying a part of that new vulnerability, launching a Wi-Fi router designed to protect the connected home and its devices from bad guys. The Norton Core, introduced Tuesday ahead of the media events that precede the kickoff of CES in Las Vegas, scans every packet of data it sends and receives for malware, viruses and intrusions. If a device that tries to connect to the network has known vulnerabilities, the router quarantines it on a segregated network and sends an alert to its owner. A security-score feature is designed to provide a dashboard displaying the safety of the network. Norton Core also comes with embedded parental controls. The router can support network speeds of up to 2.5 gigabits of data per second, and is powered by a 1.7 GHz processor. The device, starting at $199, is available for preorders in North America on Tuesday, with shipment expected in the summer. It comes with one year of security software protection for up to 20 smartphones, tablets, and computers, and unlimited “internet of things” connected home devices. Matt Day: 206-464-2420 or mday@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @mattmday Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Amazon delivered more than 2 billion items for other merchants in 2016 Previous Story Amazon’s Spheres: Lush nature paradise to adorn $4 billion urban campus Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Follow us: facebook twitter rss Home Auto News Auto Reviews Green Cars Galleries Tech/Biz Life Video AMD Ryzen Price, Tiers, Specs, Release Date: New AMD Processor Can Be Clocked Up To 5GHz With Air Cooling Alone But There's a Catch Jan 03, 2017 07:00 AM EST | Luna C Tags AMD, Intel, amd ryzen, Intel Core i7-6900K, intel processors, amd processors, zen based processor, amd ryzen cost, amd ryzen price, amd ryzen specifications, amd ryzen overclock, AMD Ryzen specs, AMD Ryzen update, AMD Ryzen Gaming Performance, AMD Ryzen news, AMD Ryzen processor, amd processor, technology, tech, Tech News Word has it that it can run up to 5GHz but there's a giant catch. Find all about it here. Prices are also published. (Photo : RedGamingTech/YouTube) AMD Ryzen specifications, release date, CPU packages, and their respective prices are now anticipated by users, fans, and critics alike. With the latest info updates on the Zen-based AMD processors, inquiries about Ryzen's capabilities have been gradually unveiled. This is the age of the internet and even the littlest peek of an up and coming tech trend would go viral at any time. Details of the upcoming AMD Ryzen have been scarce the past few months even after their New Horizon gathering. The sneak peek of the highly anticipated AMD Zen-based processor has not adequately informed users such as gamers, graphic designers, and other professionals that require demanding PC requirements. Not until today, fans of the Ryzen processor will finally have some tangible information to hold on to. AMD Ryzen Tiers and Variants Reports say that AMD will have the same strategy for branding as with Intel. This will involve 3 tiers and with the recent AMD Ryzen update, it will now have a fourth one. The Ryzen tier names will be called Summit Ridge 7, Summit Ridge 5, and Summit Ridge 3. The fourth one will be named SR7 Black Edition, taking the idea from the FX series. AMD Ryzen CPU line-up will be adaptive to its various types of consumers. With that said, the Ryzen should be a potential threat to Intel's dominance in the computer processor market. With the CPU variants, AMD will now have leverage on price groups for their Ryzen models. AMD Ryzen Price The AMD Ryzen SR3, said to be the counterpart for Intel's Core i3, will set back consumers at $149. This is according to WCCF. The AMD Ryzen SR5 and SR7 are said to be priced at $250 and $350 respectively. The premium SR7 Black Edition will cost $500. AMD Ryzen Release Date The Ryzen SR7 and SR7 Black Edition will be rolled out ahead this month. SR3 and SR7 will then follow by March. It is important to note that these dates are not yet confirmed by AMD themselves. For those who are anticipating and getting the AMD Ryzen processors, there's only a few weeks left for saving up. AMD Ryzen Overclock to 5GHz The AMD Ryzen has also been reported to have the ability to go up to 5GHz when overclocked with just air cooling. However, Ryzen overclocking is also said to be only done for one core only, this would be a shattering dreams for those who wish to outperform the Intel Core i7 at a friendly price. It is also worth noting, that this needs to be confirmed by AMD themselves. © 2017 Auto World News, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles AMD Ryzen Vs. Intel i7 Chips Results Revealed; Stress Test, Gaming, Power Demand ... Nintendo NES Classic Edition Update: Mini NES Available At NYC Implementing A Fa ... Tesla Did Not ‘Predict’ The Crash, Here's Why Nintendo Registers Japanese Trademark: Is There An SNES Classic Edition Followin ... Why You Should Upgrade To AMD Ryzen Processor When It Comes Out; Price Hinted Get the Most Popular Autoworld Stories in a Weekly Newsletter TRENDING ON THE WEB Euro MP's Warned To Install Kill Switch To All Robots, As It Could Take On Humans One Day NES Classic Stock Update: More Mini NES To Be Available Says Nintendo COO Nintendo Switch Preorder Update: Two Million Units To Be Shipped This March Nintendo Switch Dropped Miiverse And StreetPass - Reason Behind? ` Join the Conversation Editor's Pick 2017 Subaru Impreza 5-Door Review: A Bigger, Better, Smoother Compact 2018 Honda Odyssey Specs Revealed At NAIAS; Model Pegged As Family Vehicle Donald Trump's Limo "Cadillac One" Will Be Equipped With Tear Gas, Shotgun, And Other Security Features Toyota's 210HP Yaris Comes With New Technical Modifications, Will Be Ford Fiesta ST's Worst Nightmare New Honda Mobilio Facelift Unveiled 2017 Mercedes-Benz GLA Pricing And Specs Revealed Auto News Porsche Mission E: Porsche's Stunning Tesla Rival Ford Expands Driver's Air Bag Recall Nationwide A Mustang On Steroids, Rocket V8 Super Mustang Added To VLF Lineup Bentley Confirms That Bentayga And Continental GT Models Will Be Equipped With The Plug-In Hybrid Option Soon The 2018 Jaguar F-Type Runs On hugh Performance V6 With Powerful Torque Vectoring Auto Reviews Ford Focus Electric Review: Elusive and Entertaining A Look at the 2001 Lamborghini Diablo NAIAS: VLF Automotive X-Series Named As The Unattractive Car Honda Civic Bags 2017 "Best Auto Tech: Value Award Winner" At Kelley Blue Book Porsche Cayenne 2017 Review: Sporty and Indulgent Auto Home Auto News Auto Reviews Green Cars Galleries About Us Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 AUTO WORLD NEWS All rights reserved.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Laptops Laptops News Lenovo Refreshes ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X1 Tablet at CES 2017; Unveils Miix 720  Shekhar Thakran, 03 January 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Highlights ThinkPad X1 Carbon has been priced starting $1,349 (roughly Rs. 92,200) ThinkPad X1 Tablet has been priced starting $949 (roughly Rs. 64,800) Lenovo Miix 720 has been priced starting $1,000 (roughly Rs. 68,300) Ahead of CES 2017, Lenovo has launched a host of products under its portfolio including ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X1 Tablet, Miix 720, Lenovo Active Pen 2, Lenovo Legion Y720 Laptop, Lenovo Legion Y520 Laptop, Lenovo Smart Assistant, Lenovo Smart Assistant Harman Kardon Edition, Lenovo Smart Storage, Lenovo 500 Multimedia Controller, and Lenovo New Glass C200. Here, we look at the ThinkPad and Miix launches. The 2017 ThinkPad X1 Carbon notebook by the company has been touted as the lightest notebook in its class, weighing in at 1.13kg. It comes in two 14-inch display variants with screen resolutions WQHD (1440x2560 pixels) and full-HD (1080x1920 pixels). The ThinkPad X1 Carbon is available with Intel's seventh-generation Core processors and can be configured with up to 16GB of RAM. It is available with up to 1TB of SSD PCIe storage. In terms of connectivity, the 2017 ThinkPad X1 Carbon features several options like two USB Type-C ports, two USB 3.0 ports, and an HDMI port. The Windows 10 laptop comes with Lenovo's iconic TrackPoint as well. In terms of security, the laptop features a fingerprint scanner and an infrared camera at front that supports facial recognition with support for Windows Hello logon. The laptop will be made available in colour variants Black and Silver by the company. It has been priced starting $1,349 (roughly Rs. 92,200) and will be made available from February. Lenovo has further updated its ThinkPad X1 Yoga, which now has a redesigned rechargeable pen-ThinkPad Pen Pro (2017). The convertible Windows 10 laptop is available with 14-inch display variants including WQHD OLED (2560x1440 pixels), WQHD IPS (2560x1440 pixels), and full-HD IPS (1920x1080). It comes with Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 or Intel HD Graphics 620, depending on the processor chosen. The connectivity options include two Intel Thunderbolt 3 ports, three USB 3.0 ports, and an HDMI port, microSD card reader, and a Micro-SIM card slot. The company has further made some improvements to the keyboard. "The new keyboard retracts fully flat in tablet mode offering greater stability and user comfort and anchoring the keycaps delivers better long term key durability and reliability," it said in its release. The Windows 10 laptop is capable of offering up to 16 hours of battery life, barring the OLED variant, which can offer up to 10.5 hours of battery life. It is available with up to seventh generation Intel Core processors and up to 16GB of RAM. The convertible laptop has been priced starting $1,499 (roughly Rs. 1,02,000) and will be made available in from February. Apart from these devices, the company has also updated its ThinkPad X1 Tablet. The company claims that the updated ThinkPad X1 Tablet offers up to 5 hours of additional battery life over its predecessor. The tablet features a 12-inch 2K (2150x1440 pixels) IPS touch display and is available with an option of up to seventh generation Intel Core processors. The tablet is available with up to 16GB of RAM. It is available with a fingerprint scanner option as well. The tablet sports an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 2-megapixel camera at front. Users also get a platform choice between Windows 10 Home or Windows 10 Pro. The tablet is further available with a wide range of docking options. It has been priced by the company at $949 (roughly Rs. 64,800) and will be made available from March. Lenovo's new 12-inch Windows 10 tablet, the Miix 720, comes with a QHD+ (2880x1920 pixels) display and is available with up to seventh generation Intel Core i7 processor. The tablet is available with up to 16GB of RAM and 1TB PCIe SSD for storage. It comes with company's new Active Pen 2 and has an infrared camera for Windows Hello support. The Lenovo Miix 720 further comes with a detachable keyboard cover with a kickstand. The tablet has been priced by the company at $1,000 (roughly Rs. 68,300) and will be available from April. Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet (2017) KEY SPECS NEWS Display12.00-inch Front Camera2-megapixel Resolution1440x2150 pixels RAM16GB OSWindows 10 Rear Camera8-megapixel Lenovo Refreshes ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X1 Tablet at CES 2017; Unveils Miix 720 More Lenovo tablets Lenovo Miix 720 KEY SPECS NEWS Display12.00-inch Front Camera1-megapixel Resolution1920x2880 pixels RAM1.6GB OSWindows 10 Rear Camera5-megapixel Lenovo Refreshes ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X1 Tablet at CES 2017; Unveils Miix 720 More Lenovo tablets Tags: ThinkPad X1 Carbon 2017, ThinkPad X1 Tablet, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, Lenovo Miix 720, Laptops, Tablets, Windows 10, Microsoft, Lenovo, CES, CES 2017 Airtel's Free Mobile Data Offer: 3GB Free Data Per Month if You Switch to Airtel 4G AMD Reveals Radeon FreeSync 2: Here’s What You Need to Know Lenovo Refreshes ThinkPad X1 Carbon, ThinkPad X1 Yoga, ThinkPad X1 Tablet at CES 2017; Unveils Miix 720     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) HTC U Play Gionee Steel 2 HTC U Ultra Ziox Mobiles Astra Metal 4G Asus Zenfone Pegasus 3S Nokia 6 ZTE Blade V8 Samsung Galaxy J1 (4G) Coolpad Conjr Alcatel A3 XL Xolo Era 2X ZTE Blade V8 Pro Asus ZenFone AR Asus ZenFone 3 Zoom Samsung Galaxy A7 (2017) Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) Popular OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 iPhone 7 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 OnePlus 3 Moto G4 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 iPhone SE Sony Xperia Z5 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Xiaomi Redmi 3S Prime Latest Videos 03:13 360 Daily: Nintendo Switch, Nokia 6 Registrations, and More 03:16 How to Turn Off Push Notifications on Your Computer and Smartphone 03:46 Nintendo Switch: Five Things You Need To Know 02:38 How to Find Your Lost Smartphone 02:19 HTC U Ultra and HTC U Play First Look More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Rohan Naravane Why Any Modular Gadget Should Be Taken With a Pinch of Salt Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Gopal Sathe So, What's the Deal With These Convenience Fees? Advertisement Recent SpaceX Poised to Launch for First Time Since September Blast Moto G5, Moto G5 Plus Likely to Be Unveiled at February 26 MWC Event Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale WhatsApp Denies Encrypted Messages Can Be Intercepted Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro With 5.7-Inch Super AMOLED Display Goes Official Microsoft Buys AI Firm in Virtual Assistant Battle With Amazon, Google LeEco Gets Fresh $2.18 Billion Investment From Property Developer Sunac Samsung Galaxy S8 to Sport Bezel-Less AMOLED Display, Tip Promo Videos Sony Entertainment CEO Exiting to Become Snap Chairman Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India More News TRENDING Lenovo P2 Launch, Airtel Payments Bank, and More News This Week Reliance Jio Broadband Being Tested: What You Need to Know Nokia 8 With 6GB of RAM, Snapdragon 835 Spotted in the Wild WhatsApp to Rollout an 'Enterprise' Service Later This Year? Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace With 4G VoLTE Support Launched in India Nokia 6 Registration Crosses 500,000 Ahead of January 19 Flash Sale New Samsung Galaxy A Series Said to Go on Sale in Russia, Price Revealed Six Things You Need to Know About Resident Evil 7 Before Buying 250,000 Registrations in 24 Hours for Nokia 6's First Sale: Report Nokia to Unveil More Android Smartphones on February 26 Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intel Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Intel Corporation (INTC) Earns “Top Pick” Rating from Wells Fargo & Company January 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC)‘s stock had its “top pick” rating restated by equities research analysts at Wells Fargo & Company in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. Several other research firms have also recently commented on INTC. Mizuho boosted their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 price target (up previously from $42.00) on shares of Intel Corporation in a report on Friday, September 16th. Vetr upgraded shares of Intel Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.07 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, September 7th. Evercore ISI upgraded shares of Intel Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $45.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, September 6th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC boosted their price target on shares of Intel Corporation from $38.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, September 19th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have given a hold rating, thirty-four have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $39.74. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) opened at 36.27 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $35.69 and its 200 day moving average is $35.27. Intel Corporation has a one year low of $27.68 and a one year high of $38.36. The stock has a market cap of $171.88 billion, a PE ratio of 17.02 and a beta of 1.06. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, October 18th. The chip maker reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.07. Intel Corporation had a net margin of 17.90% and a return on equity of 21.05%. The firm had revenue of $15.78 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $15.58 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.64 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts expect that Intel Corporation will post $2.67 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/03/intel-corporation-intc-earns-top-pick-rating-from-wells-fargo-company.html. In other Intel Corporation news, Chairman Andy D. Bryant sold 24,383 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.35, for a total value of $861,939.05. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 399,940 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,137,879. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Stacy J. Smith sold 29,497 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.38, for a total value of $1,043,603.86. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 257,695 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,117,249.10. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.09% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Windward Capital Management Co. CA raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 4.4% in the second quarter. Windward Capital Management Co. CA now owns 7,965 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $261,000 after buying an additional 334 shares in the last quarter. Union Bankshares Corp raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 3.4% in the second quarter. Union Bankshares Corp now owns 141,311 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $4,635,000 after buying an additional 4,668 shares in the last quarter. Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 160.2% in the second quarter. Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. now owns 93,441 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $3,065,000 after buying an additional 57,536 shares in the last quarter. Capital Analysts LLC raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 828.0% in the second quarter. Capital Analysts LLC now owns 248,652 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $26,380,000 after buying an additional 221,858 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Gradient Investments LLC raised its stake in Intel Corporation by 14.2% in the second quarter. Gradient Investments LLC now owns 135,529 shares of the chip maker’s stock worth $4,445,000 after buying an additional 16,814 shares in the last quarter. 64.76% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Intel Corporation Company Profile Intel Corporation is engaged in the design and manufacture of digital technology platforms. The Company’s segments include Client Computing Group (CCG), Data Center Group (DCG), Internet of Things Group (IOTG), Software and Services (SSG) and All Other. CCG segment includes platforms designed for notebooks (including Ultrabook devices), 2 in 1 systems, desktops (including all-in-ones and personal computers (PCs)), tablets, phones, wireless and wired connectivity products, and mobile communication components. Receive News & Ratings for Intel Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intel Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
M³ BIoT CLL Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Video Just give up: 123456 is still the world's most popular password Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Do containers stack up as data storage building blocks? Quantum: Well, would you look at that. We've made some money! A deduping backup target startup going public – who'd a thought it? Brexit contributes to backup appliance sales fall Aaarrgh, zombie! Dead Apple iOS monopoly lawsuit is reanimated Hadoop hurler Hortonworks votes Tibco veteran for president Opera scolds stale browsers with shocking Neon experiment D-Wave goes public with open-source quantum-classical hybrid software Just give up: 123456 is still the world's most popular password Promising compsci student sold key-logger, infects 16,000 machines, pleads guilty, faces jail US Marines seek more than a few good men (3,000 men and women, actually) for cyber-war Playpen child sex abuse archive admin gets 20 years in the Big House Tech committee slams UK.gov for dithering over digital strategy Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM IT spending to soar a whopping 2.7 per cent, says ball-rubber Gartner IT ops doesn't matter. Really? Continuous Lifecycle London: First speakers announced Trello, hello, hello: Todo list biz gobbled by Atlassian for $425m Splunk: Why we dumped Perforce for Atlassian's Bitbucket of Gits CloudByte chews on Elastistor, sinks teeth into OpenEBS Policy The Channel Apple vs. Samsung goes back to court, again, to re-assess the value of a rounded corner Canada fines Amazon seven hours of profit for false advertising FCC's Wheeler gives passionate defense of net neutrality rules Strike day struck off as Fujitsu and Unite negotiate job cuts Putting the 'Port' in Portal: Old-school fan brings game to Apple II Nintendo pulls the Switch, fires Joy-con at Microsoft and Sony Smart fingerprint padlock startup to $320k backers: Sorry for the radio silence Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms SPB Geek's Guide Home Einsteins help turn up 13 new pulsars Boffins turn timid mice into psycho killers – by firing lasers into brains You know what, maybe Tabby's star ate a planet, ponder space eggheads MIT brainiacs wrangle 2D graphene into super-strong 3D art homework Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things AI shoves all in: DeepStack, Libratus poker bots battle Texas Hold 'em pros heads up Microsoft swallows up AI language biz Maluuba Uber, Apple, Amazon and Sully Sullenberger walk into a bar – er, self-driving car committee Drone biz Lily Robotics takes $34m in pre-orders, ships nothing, shuts down, gets sued by San Francisco DA Verity Stob Flight 666 went to HEL on Friday the 13th Mr Angry pays taxman with five wheelbarrows worth of loose change Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff Clone wars: Wrestler sues Microsoft over Gears of War character More like this Lenovo Xpoint Personal Tech MacBook killer? New Lenovo offering sexed up with XPoint booster Desk warriors get Optane cache to chew through data faster 3 Jan 2017 at 12:37, Chris Mellor Lenovo has a ThinkPad T570 notebook computer coming out which will be able to use Intel Optane 3D XPoint memory as a cache. XPoint is the faster-than-flash, slower-than-DRAM non-volatile memory being produced by Intel and Micron. Optane is Intel's brand, QuantX is Micron's. An Optane cache should be faster than a cache using flash. The T570 will reportedly arrive in March with a 15.6-inch display and a starting price of $909. Expect to pay much more for a top-end model. The specification will include a range of compute and storage options, such as Intel Kaby Lake CPUs, Nvidia GeForce 940MX graphics, 32GB of DRAM, a 4K touch display option and Windows 10, plus the ability to use 16GB of M.2 PCIe-connected Optane cache – when Intel ships it. Lenovo is providing an Optane-equipped server test bed in IBM's BlueMix cloud. Lenovo T570 spec sheet With this spec (PDF) such a notebook with XPoint glamour could make Apple's MacBook line look outdated, out-performed, and vastly over-priced – especially if Lenovo is not alone in enjoying Intel's Optane largesse. ® Sponsored: DevOps and continuous delivery Tips and corrections 67 Comments More from The Register IBM stirs Lenovo Optane into its Bluemix cloud Analysis Optimism on Optane with 4X better throughput than Intel P3700 NAND SSD Lenovo HPC bounces back after IBM spinoff High performance biz has grown... and customers.. well, they're a little different Lenovo soups up storage for supers servers DDN buddy-up A-OK for HPC IBM Bluemix to offer Intel 3D XPoint-powered cloud in late 2017 First comes a cloud testbed so we can figure out what non-volatile memory is good for 2 Comments Intel, Lenovo officially gone to the dogs – with FIDO fingerprint logins New authentication for PCs gives passwords the middle finger 26 Comments Lenovo intros monster disk box You might need a forklift for this mofo 14 Comments Whitepapers The 2016 study on the insecurity of privileged users For purposes of this research, privileged users include database administrators, network engineers, IT security practitioners and cloud custodians 5 Steps to Good Governance Why it should be done efficiently and seamlessly, so that employees can focus on more exciting goals—innovative, business-growing goals The value of content APIs in modern application development Platform as a service (PaaS) originally referred to programming environments that allowed the construction and operation of applications on the Web. Mapping the Demands of Real-World Apps - One IO at a Time Averaging doesn't provide an accurate picture of true application performance based on data gathered using InfoSight and analyzed. Most read Trump's cyber-guru Giuliani runs ancient 'easily hackable website' New Windows 10 privacy controls: Just a little snooping – or the max Now that's a Blue Screen of Death: Windows 10 told me to jump off a cliff US Navy runs into snags with aircraft carrier's electric plane-slingshot Dell EMC lifts the post-acquisition axe, swings Spotlight Embrace the world of pr0nified IT with wide open, er, arms How Apple exploded Europe's crony capitalism Too much landfill, too little purpose: CES 2017 Mattel's parenting takeover continues with Alexa-like dystopia Speaking in Tech: 'You idiot - you could've done that in 3 clicks' Outage-hit Lloyds Bank in talks to outsource data centres to IBM Security hardened, pah! Expert doubts Kaymera's mighty Google's Pixel Microsoft sued by staff traumatized by child sex abuse vids stashed on OneDrive accounts Sponsored links New from Avere - Cloud-Enabled Data Center for Dummies. Download now Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2017 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Intel seeking indirect stake in mapping firm HERE - German cartel office Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Tue Jan 3, 2017 | 4:46pm IST Intel seeking indirect stake in mapping firm HERE - German cartel office The logo of Intel is seen during the annual Computex computer exhibition in Taipei, Taiwan June 1, 2016. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu/File Photo FRANKFURT Chip maker Intel has sought approval to buy a stake in HERE, a digital mapping firm controlled by Germany's carmakers Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen, a filing to the German cartel office showed. HERE could not immediately be reached for comment. Intel declined to comment. Germany's cartel office would not comment on the size of the stake sought by Intel. The filing dated Jan. 2 said Intel Corporation is seeking an indirect stake in HERE International B.V. In July, BMW teamed up with Intel and Mobileye to develop self-driving cars by 2021. (Reporting by Sabine Wollrab, Ilona Wissenbach, Matthias Inverardi, Edward Taylor and Irene Preisinger, editing by Louise Heavens) Next In Technology News South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief SEOUL South Korea's special prosecutor said on Sunday it will take into account the economic impact of whether to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee in connection with an influence-peddling investigation involving the president. U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. SpaceX returns to flight, sending satellites into orbit A SpaceX Falcon rocket blasted off from California on Saturday, returning the company to flight for the first time since a fiery launchpad explosion in September. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 44-54 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Tech Nintendo takes big gamble with Switch’s split personality 1484536560 Entertainment 2016 was a bad year for celebrity deaths, by these measures 1484536595 World South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate 1484536015 World South Korea says securing THAAD location could be delayed 1484535447 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484535789 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484535652 World Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month 1484535990 Singapore Foreign vehicles entering S'pore will be charged $6.40 per entry from Feb 15 1484533980 World Ex-U.N. chief Ban narrows gap in opinion poll for South Korean presidency 1484533801 Business Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources 1484534312 World Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors 1484534190 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484532606 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484533354 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484533365 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484533354 Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Business Intel to take stake in German mapping firm HERE in automated driving push The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:50 PM, January 3, 2017 Updated: 5:30 AM, January 4, 2017 FRANKFURT - U.S. chip maker Intel <INTC.O> will take a 15 percent stake in German digital mapping firm HERE, it said on Tuesday, as it seeks to build its presence in automated driving technology. A filing to the German cartel office on Tuesday showed Intel has sought approval to buy a stake in the company, which is controlled by German carmakers Daimler <DAIGN.DE>, BMW <BMWG.DE> and Volkswagen <VOWG_p.DE>. Intel and HERE said in a statement that they had also signed an agreement to collaborate on the research and development of real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly- and fully-automated driving. Intel did not disclose how much it would pay for the stake but said the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter. The deal highlights a shift in the dynamics of research and development in the car industry, which until recently saw automakers largely dictating terms for suppliers to manufacture their proprietary technologies at specified volumes and prices. Now carmakers are increasingly striking partnerships with technology firms using open technology standards, seeking to harness their expertise in areas including machine learning and mapping as they race against Silicon Valley companies such as Google <GOOGL.O>, Tesla <TSLA.O> and Apple <AAPL.O> to develop driverless vehicles. Last month two Chinese companies and Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in HERE and in July, BMW teamed up with Intel and Mobileye <MBLY.N> to develop self-driving cars by 2021. BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen bought HERE for 2.8 billion euros ($2.9 billion) in 2015 from mobile equipment maker Nokia <NOK1V.HE> of Finland. Last September, HERE said it would introduce a new set of traffic services allowing drivers to see for themselves what live road conditions are like miles ahead using data from competing automakers, an industry first. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World South Korea political crisis escalates as Samsung chief awaits fate Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' South Korea says securing THAAD location could be delayed Johor Sultan says had enough of Dr Mahathir’s fearmongering over Chinese investors Business Japan firm under investigation after suicide of employee who worked 200 hours of overtime a month Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Monday, 16 Jan 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Dell reveals 2-in-1 laptop with touch screen display and 360 degree hinge Share Tweet Dell reveals 2-in-1 laptop with touch screen display and 360 degree hinge Dell showca­ses its latest produc­t at the CES 2017 By Tech Desk Published: January 3, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email PHOTO: DELL Dell first unveiled its XPS line of laptops at CES 2012 and ever since that device has ranked among the best Windows powered laptops rivaling Apple’s MacBook. With a sleek design and a solid built that is backed by the best internal specs, the XPS is a must have ultrabook. Acer unveils world’s slimmest laptop However, Dell has now taken the game up a notch as the tech giant revealed its newest addition to the XPS line up now featuring a touch screen display and a 360 degree hinge making it one of the best 2-in-1 laptops available. PHOTO: DELL Dell’s XPS 13 is powered by a 3.2GHz Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor or a 3.6GHz Intel Core i7-7Y75 processor and both featuring Intel HD Graphics 615. RAM options span 4GB, 8GB, and 16GB dual-channel LPDDR3, while storage options go from a basic 128GB SATA all the way up to 1TB PCIe SSD with Intel RST. This $200 HP backpack can recharge your laptop, smartphone while travelling The laptop is powered by a 46WHr pack which gives it a good 15 hours of usage at full HD resolution. Dell also offers two different touch display options – a standard 1930 x 1080 full HD display or an UltraSharp 3200 x 1800 Quad HD+ panel. PHOTO: DELL What make the XPS line so attractive is Dell’s InfinityEdge tech display which makes the screen virtually bezel less giving it an elegant edge-to-edge look. This coupled with the 360 degree hinge means users can now take the laptop and fold it back into a variety of different configurations, from tent to kiosk to tablet. PHOTO: DELL Dell claimed its latest XPS 13 model is the “smallest 13-inch 2-in-1 device on the planet”, which comes in 40 per cent thinner and 20 per cent lighter than Microsoft’s Surface Book. The XPS 13 2-in-1 is now available at a starting price on $999. This article originally appeared on ZDNET. Read more: Dell , Laptops , Tech Read full story Recommended Stories IBM, Google, others to unveil new open interface to take on Intel Intel, the world's largest chipmaker, is known to protect its server technologies Lenovo in talks to take over Fujitsu's PC business The deal, if realized, will make Fujitsu the second Japanese PC assembler after NEC Corp Personal computer sales continue to slide The quarter was the sixth consecutive year-on-year decline in PC shipments for Lenovo 5 cheaper alternatives to Apple's new MacBook Pro Some on these models can outperform the new 13-inch and 15-inch MacBook Pro models Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 In panic mode: PM battens down the hatches 2 Kareena, Karisma want this actor to marry cousin Ranbir 3 Man who ‘drowned’ taking a selfie returns home safe 4 Ayesha Mumtaz may be questioned over ‘corruption’ 5 Lindsay Lohan’s Instagram says ‘Alaikum Salam’ and people can’t handle it 6 Oops! Vin Diesel says Ranveer is Deepika's 'boyfriend' 7 Karan Johar opens on feud with Shah Rukh Khan 8 Karan Johar's memoir portrays Bollywood's darker side 9 IC-814 hijackers received strong Pakistan intelligence support: Doval 10 Two more tormentors of Tayyaba identified Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows #Hamkey Go Black Tie #RIZJID The Night Away H20 Premier A Touch of Opulence More in TechnologySpaceX ready to launch again © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
News Photos Reviews Mobiles हिन्दी Top Mobiles Brands PHONE FINDER Compare USER REVIEWS Trending Topics Breaking News Exclusives Events Gaming Cameras Laptops AV News Apps Review Opinions Accessories Cars Business Features Hardware Software Interviews Tablets Mobile TV How To Video Wearables Connected Devices WTF Legal Services Internet Social Previous CES 2017: Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom with Snapdragon 835 processor could launch tomorrow Previous Next Adventz group declines Paytm’s offer for minority stake Next News Home > News > CES 2017: Dell XPS 13 2-in1 convertible with, Dell 27 Ultrathin monitor launched CES 2017: Dell XPS 13 2-in1 convertible with, Dell 27 Ultrathin monitor launched Dell’s new XPS 13 is a sleek and powerful 2-in-1 convertible laptop featuring an edge-to-edge display and fanless design. By Ritesh Bendre | Published: January 3, 2017 2:15 PM IST Email @GadgetFreak4U comments Tags: CES 2017 Dell News Ahead of CES 2017, Dell has launched two new products – the XPS 13, a 2-in-1 convertible laptop with fanless design, and Dell 27 Ultrathin monitor with a 27-inch QHD display. Prices for the XPS 13 convertible laptop start at $999.99 (which is approximately Rs 68,150) and will go on sale in the US starting January 5. The Dell 27 Ultrathin monitor, on the other hand, starts at $699 (which is approximately Rs 48,000), and will go on sale starting March 23 in the US. However, there is no word on when it will be launched in India. The Dell XPS 13 has been one of the best Windows laptop around and the new one takes things a few notches up. Talking about the new Dell XPS 13, it features a body made from aluminum body, which adds to its premium look and while, while also offering sturdiness. The convertible features an InfinityEdge display with 5.2mm thin border. The 13.3-inch panel is squeezed into a frame of an 11-inch laptop, which Dell claims to be the smallest 13-inch 2-in-1 convertible model on the planet. The display is a touchscreen one with Corning Gorilla Glass protection, and the lid hinge allows for 360-degrees rotation. Dell XPS 13 2-in1 specifications and features The convertible laptop is offered in two variants — one featuring a 13.3-inch full-HD (1080p) display and other featuring a slightly higher resolution UltraSharp Quad-HD+ display running at a resolution of 3200×1800 pixels. You can also choose between two chipset options — one featuring Intel’s seventh generation Core i5-7Y54 processor with TurboBoost speed up to 3.2GHz, and other featuring a Intel Core i7-7Y75 processor with TurboBoost speed up to 3.6GHZ. Both variants are paired with Intel HD Graphics 615 and 4GB of LPDDR3 RAM clocked at 1866MHz. Customers can also go for 8GB and 16GB memory configurations by paying a little extra. On the storage front, the base model ships with a 128GB SATA SSD, and option for higher configurations included 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB PCIe based SSD are also available. Taking about connectivity ports, you get one Thunderbolt 3 port, one USB Type-C 3.1 port, one DisplayPort, a 3.5mm headphone jack, microSD card reader, Wi-Fi 802.11ac and Bluetooth 4.2. What’s more, you also get Intel Smart Connect technology and Miracast support for screen mirroring. Coming to battery life, the full-HD variant is fuelled with a 46Whr battery, which Dell says can last for up to 15 hours, and can stream Netflix content for up to nine hours. On paper, purely based on the hardware and claimed battery life, the Dell XPS 13 could be an apt option for those looking for a powerful productivity laptop. Dell 27 Ultrathin monitor specifications and features Talking about the Dell 27 Ultrathin Monitor (S2718D), the key highlight is its sleek and slim design. It flaunts a 27-inch QHD display running at a resolution of 2560×1440 pixels with a 60Hz refresh rate. According to Dell, the monitor can offer 99 percent sRGB colour gamut, maximum brightness of 400 nits and viewing angle of 178-degrees. For connectivity, the monitor is equipped with a USB Type-C port with power delivery charging method, HDMI 2.0 port and a line-out for audio. There is also an HDR-ready version, which users can opt for by paying a little extra. Photos – MSPoweruser Adventz group declines Paytm’s offer for minority stake CES 2017: Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom with Snapdragon 835 processor… Published: January 3, 2017 2:15 PM IST | Updated: January 3, 2017 2:15 PM IST Mashable Tech Chevy reveals Lego Batmobile at Detroit auto show This futuristic tumbleweed is actually a minesweeper Neon is an experimental web browser that's filled with glorious content bubbles This Albert Einstein robot can help you learn science हिन्दी खबरें स्नैपडील पर लईको ले 2 के साथ जियो सिम मुफ्त सैमसंग ने गैलेक्सी जे सीरीज में लॉन्च किए दो स्मार्टफोन यूट्यूब सुपर चैट पर अब लाइव वीडियो स्ट्रीमिंग से कमाएं पैसा एमएसआई ने 4के लैपटॉप की नई श्रृंखला उतारी हुवावे पी8 लाइट (2017) स्मार्टफोन हुआ लॉन्च, जानें स्पेसिफिकेशन और फीचर्स Trending ICICI Bank blocks UPI-based transactions on PhonePe; security concerns over mobile wallets to blame? Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 to launch exclusively on Flipkart on January 19 Digital detoxification: An elusive truth we’d like to believe in Leaked! Samsung Galaxy S8 allegedly spotted in this promo video Xiaomi teases Redmi Note 4 launch on January 19 launch; here’s what we know so far Related Articles CES 2017: FlexPhone, flexible smartphone prototype unveiled Connected cars, 5G technology, VR gaming dominated CES 2017 CES 2017: Xiaomi Mi Note 2 pink, green, purple color variants unveiled CES 2017: Xiaomi Mi Bunny is a Chinese spin on the Amazon Echo CES 2017: Boltt unveils AI-powered fitness wearables News Why Uber is bullish on carpooling, ride-sharing for Indian roads ICICI Bank blocks UPI-based transactions on PhonePe; security concerns over mobile wallets to blame? Amazon India to create over 7,500 temporary jobs before ‘Great Indian Sale’ Japanese space agency fails to launch mini-rocket due to communication failure President Obama thanks NASA for carrying his signature to Mars Newsletter Email address: Previous ArticlePreviousCES 2017: Asus Zenfone 3 Zoom with Snapdragon 835 processor could launch tomorrow Next ArticleNextAdventz group declines Paytm’s offer for minority stake FOLLOW BGR Like BGR on Facebook Follow @BGR on Twitter BGR on Google Plus Follow BGR on LinkedIn Download BGR App from Play store BGR ON TWITTER BGR India @bgrindia 14h Why Uber is bullish on carpooling, ride-sharing for Indian roads bgr.in/news/why-uber-… BGR India @bgrindia 14h ICICI Bank blocks UPI-based transactions on PhonePe; security concerns over mobile wallets to blame? bgr.in/news/icici-ban… BGR India @bgrindia 15h Amazon India to create over 7,500 temporary jobs before ‘Great Indian Sale’ bgr.in/news/amazon-in… About Privacy Policy Contact Us Apple Android BlackBerry Business Exclusives Mobile Reviews Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC × Tip Us
ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Deals Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips The thinner and smaller ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop, X1 Tablet, and X1 Yoga 2-in-1 get upgraded to Intel Kaby Lake chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 03 January, 2017 19:01 - - - - print email Distributors Australasian PC Distributors (APCD) Avnet Technology Solutions BMS Technology Dicker Data Impact Systems Technology Ingram Micro Australia Leader Computers Multimedia Technology Synnex XiT Distribution Comments The venerable ThinkPad brand will turn 25 this year, and Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices will kick off celebrations with a slew of upgrades including sexier designs, faster processors, and screens with thinner borders. The new ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop (starting at US$1,349), ThinkPad X1 Tablet (starting at $949) and ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 (starting at $1,499) are smaller, thinner and lighter than ever before. In addition, the devices have much longer battery life. Many of the advances come thanks to the upgrade to Intel's 7th Generation Core processors code-named Kaby Lake. The integrated GPUs are faster and provide the capability to support 4K video processing. Additionally, an intriguing optional offering for the ThinkPad X1 devices will be LTE-Advanced modems from Qualcomm, which are typically found in smartphones. Lenovo believes cellular connectivity is a must as devices become thinner and lighter. LTE connectivity is also good for where Wi-Fi isn't available. The ThinkPad X1 lineup is becoming popular and will push the brand into the future, said Dilip Bhatia, vice president for global PC design at Lenovo. Lighter, but with bigger screens After staying backstage in previous years, the X1 Carbon is at the front and center of the new upgrades. The 14-inch laptop has shrunk considerably, and is now in the frame of a 13.3-inch laptop, much like the Yoga 910. That's partly because of a new screen with thinner borders, which helped reduced the size of the laptop. It's not exactly an edge-less display like the XPS 13, but it's still extremely thin. A webcam is placed in the thin border on top of the screen. The laptop does not have a "nosecam," said Bhatia, taking a jab at Dell's XPS 13, which has an oddly placed webcam under the screen. Reducing the laptop's size has other benefits. The X1 Carbon is lighter than before at 1.14 kilograms and also boasts a longer battery life of 15 hours. Users can configure the laptop with up to 1TB of SSD storage and up to 16GB of DDR3 DRAM. The screen options include full HD or the higher resolution 2560 x 1440-pixel screen. A 4K screen option isn't available, Bhatia said. The laptop has two USB 3.0 and a USB 2.0 ports but no USB Type-C port. The ThinkPad X1 Carbon will start shipping in February. Since its introduction last year, the ThinkPad X1 Yoga has gained popularity and has received a big upgrade with a host of new features. The new version, which will ship in March with a 14-inch screen, doubles the storage capacity. It is also lighter, thinner, and offers more battery life. The ThinkPad X1 Yoga can be used as either a laptop or a tablet. The maximum storage capacity is 1TB, growing from 512GB in the previous Skylake version. It offers battery life of up to 16 hours, an improvement from 11 hours in its predecessor. The device weighs 1.42 kilograms. It also will boast a faster GPU, and there will be an option to select Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, which will support 4K video rendering. The 2-in-1 also has a Thunderbolt 3 port and an HDMI port to connect external 4K displays. Additionally, the device comes with two USB 3.0 ports. The 2-in-1 includes a pen, which takes advantage of the new inking features in Windows included in the Anniversary Update. The pen is becoming an important part of Windows devices, and it's much easier to take notes and draw on the X1 Yoga, Bhatia said. The X1 Yoga can be configured with a full HD screen of a 2560 x 1440 pixel display. An OLED screen at 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution will cost you more, and that configuration will offer a battery life of about 11 hours. Finally, the multi-purpose ThinkPad X1 Tablet, which stole the show at last year's CES, also got major upgrades. It's a detachable device that turns into a laptop with a keyboard module, or can create a 60-inch projection display when a projection module is attached. It has a 12-inch screen that displays images at a 2160 x 1440 pixel resolution, a storage capacity of up to 1TB, and memory capacity of up to 16GB. It weighs about 767 grams, and now has a battery life of up to 10 hours and five more hours with an additional module. It has a USB-C port, a USB 3.0 port, one Mini-DisplayPort, a nano-SIM slot, and a micro-SD card slot. It has an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front camera. The X1 Tablet will ship in March. Wireless features on all X1 devices include 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth. Optional Wi-Gig chip and NFC are also available on the laptops. How Organisations are Grappling with the Security “Gap Of Grief” More from RSA Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Read next IT spend tightens regardless of increase in services Microsoft launches StaffHub to connect deskless workers Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel Deals Com1 International Adata SSD, Memory & USB Storage Solutions. Read more ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Whether it be technology troubles, government conflicts or declining sales, 2016 has been a year to forget for some of the industry's biggest players. ARN examines the vendors who will forever look back on 2016 as an annus horribilis. Why 2016 was a year to forget for these 10 vendors Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 The channel pulled together as an industry to support those in need during the IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day in association with AC3. Held at St. Michael's Golf Club, and won by Team Arrow, the event raised $40,000, with all proceeds split between Ronald McDonald House and Saves Our Sons, who work tirelessly to help children in need. Gold sponsors on the day included Hewlett Packard Enterprise TS and HP, alongside sponsors, Arrow; Pure Storage; Synnex; Dicker Data; Tribeca Living; Fortinet; rhipe; Dell EMC; Eaton; Nimble Storage; Datto and Hemisphere Technologies.​ Photos by Maria Stefina. Channel takes to the course with AC3 as IT for a Cause Annual Golf Day raises $40,000 Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise iasset.com is a channel management ecosystem that automates all major aspects of the entire sales, marketing and service process, including data tracking, integrated learning, knowledge management and product lifecycle management. Related Whitepapers Datto’s State of Channel APAC Ransomware Report Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 D-Link Case Study: Simple and Scalable Network Solutions for Medical Professionals and Visiting Clients D-Link Case Study: A Reliable and Robust Campuswide Network Solution at a Reasonable Cost Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 11:53AM Security concerns remain as open source usage surges 11:31AM Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? 10:37AM Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe 09:00AM InfoTrust - Specialising in security More News Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Australia is not a screw-up nation 31 May World Business Forum Sydney 2017 View all events Featured ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware Software lenovo Kaby Lake comes to the Lenovo ThinkPad X1 line Expect better battery life, Thunderbolt 3, and improved wireless connectivity too By Tim Schiesser on Jan 3, 2017, 3:01 AM TechSpot Lenovo has refreshed its popular ThinkPad X1 line with new internals and features. The core design of the X1 Carbon, X1 Yoga and X1 Tablet remains largely the same, but these updates keep the line competitive with other professional-oriented laptop and tablet options on the market. The X1 Carbon is still one of the most portable 14-inch laptops on the market, and Lenovo has made the fifth-generation model slightly thinner (15.95mm) and lighter (1.12kg). The move from an Intel Skylake to Intel Kaby Lake CPU has resulted in an extra four hours of battery life; Lenovo now claims the Carbon is good for 15.5 hours of usage. Like previous units, the display is available in either 1080p or 1440p IPS LCD variants, and Lenovo has crammed these 14-inch panels into the area normally occupied by a 13-inch display. Other improvements include the addition of two Thunderbolt 3 USB-C ports, and the ability to pack both WiGig and Qualcomm's X7 LTE modem in the one unit. An IR camera with support for Windows Hello facial recognition is included alongside a fingerprint reader for maximum security, and Lenovo's signature ThinkPad keyboard and trackpad are still as good as ever here. You can kit out the X1 Carbon with up to 1 TB of PCIe SSD storage and 16 GB of RAM. The new X1 Carbon will be available in February starting at $1,349. The X1 Yoga has received many of the X1 Carbon's upgrades: Intel Kaby Lake CPUs provide up to 16 hours of battery life (10.5 hours in the OLED model); there's two Thunderbolt 3 ports included; and both LTE and WiGig are found in the same model. Entry-level units pack a 14-inch 1080p IPS LCD, although an upgrade to the 1440p OLED brings 100% Adobe RGB coverage. This laptop is still very portable and features a 360-degree hinge, although it's slightly thicker and heavier than past models. One of the key improvements here is the redesigned keyboard, which now retracts fully flat while the device is used in its tablet mode, improving comfort and longevity of the keys. In laptop mode, you'll still get a ThinkPad typing experience. The included ThinkPad Pen Pro stylus has been updated with a soft elastomer tip that creates a more natural writing experience when used on the display. The X1 Yoga will also be available in February, starting at $1,499. As for the X1 Tablet, the main improvement here is the inclusion of Kaby Lake CPUs. The rest of the tablet's specifications, including the 12-inch 2160 x 1440 display and the attachable keyboards with additional battery life, remain largely unchanged from the previous model. The X1 Tablet will be available in March starting at $949. Related Reads Lenovo announces the Kaby Lake-powered Yoga 910 plus two tablets at IFA Lenovo rolls out refreshed ThinkPads featuring Kaby Lake CPUs and Optane SSDs Leaked roadmap reveals Intel's plans for Kaby Lake, Apollo Lake-powered NUCs Post a comment 37 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… AMD FreeSync 2 aims to offer the ideal HDR gaming experience Building an Affordable 16-Core, 32-Thread Xeon Monster PC Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 24 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) 19 comments Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more 10 comments Watch the Nintendo Switch hands-on event in Tokyo Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Hardware lenovo ces 2017 Lenovo launches a Legion of mid-range gaming laptops The Legion Y720 and Y520 pack bleeding-edge hardware By Tim Schiesser on Jan 3, 2017, 3:30 AM TechSpot At CES 2016, Lenovo has updated their gaming laptop line-up with two new mid-range options that use the latest CPUs and GPUs from Intel and Nvidia. Rather than simply slotting these products into their existing Y series of laptops, Lenovo has given them an entirely new brand: Legion. The Legion Y520 is the smaller and cheaper of the two products on show at CES. It packs a 15.6-inch 1080p LCD in a respectable body, clocking in at 2.4 kg heavy and 26mm thick. Lenovo says this laptop is packed with an Intel Kaby Lake processor, although they didn't specify which one, and "up to" a new Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti discrete graphics chip. Like other mobile GeForce 10 series products, the GTX 1050 Ti is essentially the same as its desktop counterpart, and should provide performance similar to the GTX 970M. Lenovo will let you kit the Y520 out with up to 16 GB of DDR4 RAM and up to 512 GB of PCIe SSD storage, although base models will pack either a 128 GB SSD or even a 500 GB hard drive. This laptop also comes with a USB 3.1 Type-C port (not Thunderbolt 3), Ethernet, and HDMI along with a Wi-Fi ac chip. The keyboard comes with optional red backlighting and a travel distance of 1.7mm. You'll be able to purchase a Y520 in February with prices starting at $899.99, which is a few hundred dollars cheaper than existing 15.6-inch laptops with the more powerful GTX 1060 inside. Those who crave more performance may be interested in the larger Y720, a 17.3-inch system with both 1080p and 4K display options. Lenovo has kitted out this laptop with an Intel Core i7-7700HQ or Core i5-7300HQ processor, along with an Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060 with 6GB of GDDR5 memory. Like with the Y520, this laptop comes with up to 16 GB of RAM and up to 512 GB of PCIe SSD storage. The Y720 has some features not included in the Y520, such as a Thunderbolt 3 port and RGB LED backlighting for the keyboard. It also supports Dolby Atmos audio through three speakers that, somehow, produce "sound from every angle". One configuration option sees an Xbox One wireless controller dongle integrated into the Legion Y720. Lenovo says the Y720 will be available in April starting at $1,399.99. Related Reads Lenovo has a sub-$400 VR headset in the works Lenovo accidentally unveils ThinkPad 10 in Australia Lenovo tackles VR with two new desktop gaming PCs 1 comment 72 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… Check out the Volta V, a high-end PC in a handcrafted wooden case AMD: Ryzen will launch before GDC ends in March Cooler Master announces limited edition MasterWatt Maker MIJ 1200W PSU priced north of $1,000 Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 24 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) 19 comments Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more 10 comments Watch the Nintendo Switch hands-on event in Tokyo Load Comments 1 ... User Comments: 1 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 22 Advice for some upgrade options 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 16 Is my PC good for gaming? 59 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,344 Reviews & Articles | 53,737 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Press Releases Computer Systems Elitegroup showcase new mini PC LIVA Z at CES 2017 Posted: 1 week, 5 days ago | Computer Systems Press Releases | Stock Ticker: NASDAQ:INTC Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA ECS is pleased to showcase brand new mini PC LIVA Z family series products at 2017 CES. we are sincerely invite you to explore our latest innovations and new technology ,for more info, please refer to attached press release . The display products of ECS include LIVA Z Mini PC, LIVA ZE Mini PC, LIVA Z Plus and Mini PC. Among them, LIVA Z Plus Mini PC will be displayed in Exhibition Hall Live Demo, showing Intel 7th generation Kaby Lake latest performance and emphasizing the rich use situation.     We will display dual screens that display both HDMI and DisplayPort independent monitors, with extra monitors allowing you to have more space for multitasking. At the same time, it presents the seamless connection of life style. The built in 802.11ac is three times faster than the old version of the Wi-Fi standard networking speed. You can easily share the network and provide peripherals device for network roaming through mobile hotspot function. It is compatible with any Bluetooth device and realizes wireless entertainment free life with Bluetooth 4.0. LIVA Z Plus minicomputer is equipped with the latest Intel graphics technology and makes the family entertainment and games step into a new realm. The exhibition will also show the popular game LOL(League of Legends) by using high-resolution settings smooth screen. You can enjoy the lifelike photos and there will be no distortion of the situation.   LIVA XE: Mini PC is evolved with high speed, equipped with a new generation USB 3.0 transmission interface. LIVA XE adopts the exquisite and light design with the size of only 1156 x 83 x 51 mm. The volume is more or less the same with your palm. It empties the valuable desktop space for you. Apart from the LIVA X series features of quietness, fair price and energy conservation, it is equipped with a new generation of Intel Braswell processor, so that the original 1 set USB 3.0 interface is changed into 3 sets. The product design specifications and configuration become flexible. Users will no longer feel USB 3.0 is inadequate for use. Thus it provides a more comprehensive use experience for consumers.   LIVA Z : Being silent and multi-functional, it is the best choice for daily home computing.   The brand new LIVA Z mini PC can meet all of your home computing demand. Equipped with the latest 14 nanometer Intel Apollo Lake quad-core processor, it owns rich I/O connection ability and 4K/UHD ultra HD display support and is the perfect choice of the home entertainment center. LIVA Z passes through the built-in digital microphone, and support Windows10. With the perfect combination of hardware and software, it can have remote control of Windows 10 Cortana voice secretary and enjoy efficient and convenient performance no matter in work or entertainment. It is undoubtedly the most ideal solution in home entertainment center. In addition, it is characterized by quietness and energy-conservation, so that you can enjoy music and movies without interference of noise while running your computer.   LIVA ZE - The smart dual storage design and can support Com port(RS 232) communication port.   LIVA Z family series product LIVA ZE mini PC modular dual storage design supports the M.2 interface SSD and 2.5 inch HDD hard disk, which allows consumers to choose SSD with quick access and support large capacity 2.5 inch hard disk storage. In particular, the LIVA ZE is built with 4 Com Port configurations with external industrial applications that provide users with better access to data and connection options for space, productivity and industrial use.   LIVA Z Plus - The Powerful mini PC with Intel Kaby Lake SoC and blazing-fast DDR4 RAM   In the 2017 CES exhibition, ECS will display LIVA Z plus mini PC Live Demo, equipped with brand new Intel the seventh generation of Intel Core processor with two built-in DDR4 SO-DIMM slots. The single slot can support 8GB capacity at most and support 16GB DDR4 RAM maximum. At the same time, it can support Intel dual -channel technology. The performance of the latest Intel Kaby Lake processor is about 11% higher than the previous generation. At the same time, data transmission speed by DDR4 RAM is twice faster than DDR3 RAM. Compared to the previous generation of Skylake display core, in CES field, ECS will display LIVA Z Plus equipped with Kaby Lake and its graphics performance has about 20% efficiency improvement. Meanwhile, with 4K video in HEVC 10-bit and VP9 format, it can present smooth 4K UHD visual effect and fluent game screen, and can be applied in a variety of usage situations, thus making LIVA Z Plus minicomputer become the best and first choice both for work computing and home entertainment center. Recommended for You CYBERTRONPC ANNOUNCES SMALL FORM FACTOR SYSTEM WITH... Digital Storm Embraces NVIDIA TITAN X Digital Storm Unleashes Hailstorm II - An Enthusiast... ORIGIN PC Offers The First Liquid Cooled NVIDIA GeForce... Related Tags Elitegroup Elitegroup LIVA Z Mini PC DisplayPort Intel Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Take home 'Pete's Dragon' in our latest Blu-ray giveaway Putting Nintendo Switch launch games into perspective 'Stranger Things' director talks bigger, darker season 2 Samsung's new Galaxy S8 looks amazing in leaked videos Trump drives TSMC, Foxconn to consider US manufacturingView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity 80mm or 92mm Fan for D8000-3 p67a-ud3-b3 with u1d UEFI bios: pcie 4x works as 1x Can't Find PC-O10 Riser Kit Help overclocking x5460 / GA-EP43-UD3L past 3.99ghz The Coolest Things at CES 2017 from GIGABYTE & AORUSView More Forum Posts Press Releases Immersion and Nintendo enter into agreement to bring Immersion's TouchSense Technology to the Nintendo Switch System LucidSound invites Nintendo Switch gamers to a new standard of powered audio with the LS20 Amplified Universal Gaming Headset Opera Neon envisions the future of web browsers Nintendo Switch launches March 3 at $299.99 ESL One returns to Southeast Asia to kick-off world class Dota 2 action in 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,344 Reviews & Articles | 53,737 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home Press Releases Trade Shows Experience 10 years of ZOTAC design and engineering excellence at CES 2017 Posted: 1 week, 5 days ago | Trade Shows Press Releases | Stock Ticker: NASDAQ:INTC Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA ZOTAC International, a global manufacturer of innovation, is pleased to bring 10 years of design excellence to CES 2017 and showcase innovative VR and commercial solutions. A strong lineup including ZOTAC's first Thunderbolt 3 Mini PC, External VGA box, and what's being touted as "the world's smallest GeForce GTX 1080" will be on show at One-Story Sky Villa, Palms Casino Resort.     "We believe the future of computing should be flexible," says Tony Wong, CEO, ZOTAC International. "Our next generation of computing products enables users to get the best of mobile and stationary experience."     New Productivity Levels with new Mini PCs   The next generation of high speed and versatile connection has arrived on ZOTAC Mini PCs with next generation Intel Kaby Lake processors and Thunderbolt 3 connectivity. Thunderbolt 3 delivers more transfer speed, more charging power and more compatible protocols. Richer display colors, lightning data transfer speed and a wide range of expansions become available with this new protocol.   The new ZBOX Mini PCs also introduce greater productive functionality with Intel vPRO and UNITE features. UNITE is introduced for the first time in ZOTAC Mini PCs, enabling it to become a platform for secure conference connections. Furthermore, it retains the functions of Intel vPRO and AMT, providing the convenience of deep repairs and maintenance through a remote connection. Intel Kaby Lake processors and GeForce GTX graphics are paired for the first time to make gaming Mini PCs more powerful and even more power efficient.     Unlock Potential Performance with External Graphics Dock   The external graphics dock enables a device equipped with Thunderbolt 3 port to greatly enhance its graphical processing capabilities and expand its functionalities. The ZOTAC external graphics dock (tentative) comes with a PCIE 3.0 slot , 3 standard USB 3.0 ports and 1 Quick Charge 3.0 enabled USB 3.0 port. This enables users to take advantage of the latest in battery technology in their supported devices such as smartphones and tablets.   "Our goal is to turn low power and ultra-portable Windows devices such as notebooks and mini PCs into performance race cars," says Danny Wong, Director of Product Management, ZOTAC International.   "The external graphics dock enables any device equipped with Thunderbolt 3 ports to take full advantage of the transfer speed and bandwidth, potentially becoming exponentially more powerful." The external graphics dock also serves as a power source with a 400W power supply, meaning it can directly power a connected mini PC or supported system. Only a single Thunderbolt 3 type-C cable connection is needed for both power and data transfer on supported devices. All these features allow the dock to become a literal powerhouse for any notebooks or mini PCs. See it in action at ZOTAC's suite."     Regarding the GeForce GTX 1080 Mini, arguably the most interesting part of the lot, not much was said. Revealed were only the run-of-the-mill specifications: a base clock of 1620MHz with a 1759MHz Boost clock, and the customary 8GB GDDR5X memory @ 10GHz over a 256-bit interface. Recommended for You LG Electronics earns 'best of the best' CES 2017 honors... ASUS press conference in cooperation with A-DATA Lian-Li announces plans to attend CES 2009 ZOTAC announces presence at CES 2009 Related Tags ZOTAC Intel CES 2017 Got an opinion? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Take home 'Pete's Dragon' in our latest Blu-ray giveaway Putting Nintendo Switch launch games into perspective 'Stranger Things' director talks bigger, darker season 2 Samsung's new Galaxy S8 looks amazing in leaked videos Trump drives TSMC, Foxconn to consider US manufacturingView More News Posts View Our Latest Videos Forum Activity 80mm or 92mm Fan for D8000-3 p67a-ud3-b3 with u1d UEFI bios: pcie 4x works as 1x Can't Find PC-O10 Riser Kit Help overclocking x5460 / GA-EP43-UD3L past 3.99ghz The Coolest Things at CES 2017 from GIGABYTE & AORUSView More Forum Posts Press Releases Immersion and Nintendo enter into agreement to bring Immersion's TouchSense Technology to the Nintendo Switch System LucidSound invites Nintendo Switch gamers to a new standard of powered audio with the LS20 Amplified Universal Gaming Headset Opera Neon envisions the future of web browsers Nintendo Switch launches March 3 at $299.99 ESL One returns to Southeast Asia to kick-off world class Dota 2 action in 2017View More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumour Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Contact Us The Bitbag Gaming News PS4 Xbox One Nintendo PC Gaming Mobile Gaming What’s Hot Rumors Gameplay Guide Patch Tech News Mobile Tablet Desktop OS Tech Rumors Trending Anime Movies TV Series Entertainment Sports Social Media World News Computers Dell XPS 13 2-In-1 May Give Microsoft Surface Pro a Run for Its Money By Kiko Antonio https://twitter.com/kikoTBB on January 3 2017 02:31 PM Share Tweet Share Share Email The Microsoft Surface Pro has been hailed by many as one of the best 2-in-1 hybrid computer. However, there has been an influx of 2-in-1 devices in the market as of late. Because of this, the Surface Pro could be facing some tough competitions. One thing that comes to mind is the latest Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 hybrid which was announced recently. The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 is basically a slimmed down version of the original XPS 13 series laptop. The main difference from the outside is the hinge that lets user use the laptop in tent mode. With its touch-enabled display, as well as support for pen input, users get the same Surface Pro feel. READ ALSO: Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Set for Q1 2017 Release; Possibly at MWC 2017 XPS 13 2-In-1 and What’s under the Hood However, under the hood, the XPS 13 2-in-1 sports a meagre Intel Y processor to power everything. In contrast to the Surface Pro?s Intel U chips, Dell?s hybrid is a tad less powerful. Nevertheless, it does not mean that it is not capable of performing. For the most part, an Intel Y chip is sufficient for normal daily use and packs enough power with additional boost. XPS 13 2-in-1 (via dell.com) Just like the Surface Pro, the XPS 13 2-in-1 also features a good range of available processors to choose from. The basic package starts with an Intel Core i5 that can be matched with a 4GB RAM. The top-of-the-line specs include an Intel i7 processor paired with 16GB of RAM. In terms of storage, options start from 128GB up to 512GB. READ ALSO: iPad Pro 2 Release, Specs & Features: Tablet May Come With Keyboard Drawer [Leak] Display and Battery Dell?s InfinityEdge display packs a good enough 1920×1080 pixel resolution with an impressive color reproduction. The strongest point for the display apart from its almost non-existent bezel. In addition to the standard HD display, the XPS 13 2-in-1 also comes with a QHD version that supports resolutions of 3200×1800 pixels. Because the new XPS 13 comes with less power consuming Intel Y processor, battery life is more than average. The 46 watt-hour battery can last an average of eight and a half hours of continuous use. Which is still up to par with the Surface Pro?s nine-hour battery life. READ ALSO: AMD Radeon RX 500 Releasing Next Year Instead of RX 490 The Verdict As for the price, the basic package starts at $999. This comes with an Intel i5-7Y54, 4GB of RAM and 128GB of SSD storage. Anyone wanting more performance can opt for the Intel i7 version which starts at $1,299. The Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 may be a sound machine but it still does not compare to the original XPS 13 laptop. Because of the Intel Y processor used, power is a bit lacking, albeit not that much. Anyone who?s interested in getting one can head to Dell?s website for more available options. For more updates on the Dell XPS 13 2-in-1, be sure to check us out at TheBitbag. Related Items:Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Price, Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 Specs, Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 vs Surface Pro Share Tweet Share Share Email Recommended for you Microsoft Surface Pro 5 vs Dell XPS 13 2-in-1: Wait Or Buy Now? About the author Kiko Antonio A self-professed tech junkie who writes tech-related stories for TheBitBag. Loves traveling, reading, and making stuff. Full-time practicing Electronics Engineer. Featured Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Splatoon 2 Release Date: Nintendo Switch Summer Launch Officially Announced Shovel Knight Nintendo Switch: What Fans Want Zelda Breath Of The Wild Release Date: Officially A Nintendo Switch Launch Game Every Bit Of News In One Dynamic Site: The Bitbag is your one-stop source of news, reviews, features, how-tos, and most relevant information on today?s hottest and most trending topics in the world of Tech, Social Media, Entertainment, and Lifestyle. So if you have anything you want discussed, or you?ve got a few hot tips to share, get in touch with us at contact@thebitbag.com. LATEST NEWS 6 Mega Man Games Available For Download On Both Android And iOS Recently, 6 Mega Man games became available for download on both Android and iOS devices.... The Sims 4 Toddlers Free Update Finally Available; How To Download Now The Sims 4 Toddlers is finally here! After months of speculation, debates, and a... Kingdom Hearts 3 News: Kingdom Hearts 0.2 Scenes Won’t Be Shown ‘In Fine Detail’, Says Director If you want the full Kingdom Hearts 3 story, it looks like you’re going... Overwatch Nuking Exploit: A Far Worse Issue Than Aimbot Cheating Recently, competitive Overwatch players have confirmed a new hack called “nuking” happening in some... Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta Start Date For Xbox One And PC Officially Announced! Details You Should Know Recently, Microsoft officially announced that the start of the Halo Wars 2 Blitz Beta for... POPULAR TAGS Pokemon Go Apple Xbox 360 PS3 Microsoft android Xbox One Sony Nintendo iPhone Pokemon ps4 google Ubisoft Samsung Playstation 3 The Division mobile gaming no man's sky PC iOS EA Editors Pick facebook featured pokemon sun and moon playstation 4 fallout 4 Capcom Marvel Stephen Heller iPhone 7 iPad Game of Thrones Blizzard games NBA 2k17 snskid NBA Trade Rumors Pokemon Go Update About Us Privacy Policy Contact Us Meet The Team Copyright ? 2016 - Tune Media. All right reserved. To Top
Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips The thinner and smaller ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop, X1 Tablet, and X1 Yoga 2-in-1 get upgraded to Intel Kaby Lake chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 03 January, 2017 19:01 - - - - print email Comments The venerable ThinkPad brand will turn 25 this year, and Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices will kick off celebrations with a slew of upgrades including sexier designs, faster processors, and screens with thinner borders. The new ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop (starting at US$1,349), ThinkPad X1 Tablet (starting at $949) and ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 (starting at $1,499) are smaller, thinner and lighter than ever before. In addition, the devices have much longer battery life. Many of the advances come thanks to the upgrade to Intel's 7th Generation Core processors code-named Kaby Lake. The integrated GPUs are faster and provide the capability to support 4K video processing. Additionally, an intriguing optional offering for the ThinkPad X1 devices will be LTE-Advanced modems from Qualcomm, which are typically found in smartphones. Lenovo believes cellular connectivity is a must as devices become thinner and lighter. LTE connectivity is also good for where Wi-Fi isn't available. The ThinkPad X1 lineup is becoming popular and will push the brand into the future, said Dilip Bhatia, vice president for global PC design at Lenovo. Lighter, but with bigger screens After staying backstage in previous years, the X1 Carbon is at the front and center of the new upgrades. The 14-inch laptop has shrunk considerably, and is now in the frame of a 13.3-inch laptop, much like the Yoga 910. That's partly because of a new screen with thinner borders, which helped reduced the size of the laptop. It's not exactly an edge-less display like the XPS 13, but it's still extremely thin. A webcam is placed in the thin border on top of the screen. The laptop does not have a "nosecam," said Bhatia, taking a jab at Dell's XPS 13, which has an oddly placed webcam under the screen. Reducing the laptop's size has other benefits. The X1 Carbon is lighter than before at 1.14 kilograms and also boasts a longer battery life of 15 hours. Users can configure the laptop with up to 1TB of SSD storage and up to 16GB of DDR3 DRAM. The screen options include full HD or the higher resolution 2560 x 1440-pixel screen. A 4K screen option isn't available, Bhatia said. The laptop has two USB 3.0 and a USB 2.0 ports but no USB Type-C port. The ThinkPad X1 Carbon will start shipping in February. Since its introduction last year, the ThinkPad X1 Yoga has gained popularity and has received a big upgrade with a host of new features. The new version, which will ship in March with a 14-inch screen, doubles the storage capacity. It is also lighter, thinner, and offers more battery life. The ThinkPad X1 Yoga can be used as either a laptop or a tablet. The maximum storage capacity is 1TB, growing from 512GB in the previous Skylake version. It offers battery life of up to 16 hours, an improvement from 11 hours in its predecessor. The device weighs 1.42 kilograms. It also will boast a faster GPU, and there will be an option to select Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, which will support 4K video rendering. The 2-in-1 also has a Thunderbolt 3 port and an HDMI port to connect external 4K displays. Additionally, the device comes with two USB 3.0 ports. The 2-in-1 includes a pen, which takes advantage of the new inking features in Windows included in the Anniversary Update. The pen is becoming an important part of Windows devices, and it's much easier to take notes and draw on the X1 Yoga, Bhatia said. The X1 Yoga can be configured with a full HD screen of a 2560 x 1440 pixel display. An OLED screen at 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution will cost you more, and that configuration will offer a battery life of about 11 hours. Finally, the multi-purpose ThinkPad X1 Tablet, which stole the show at last year's CES, also got major upgrades. It's a detachable device that turns into a laptop with a keyboard module, or can create a 60-inch projection display when a projection module is attached. It has a 12-inch screen that displays images at a 2160 x 1440 pixel resolution, a storage capacity of up to 1TB, and memory capacity of up to 16GB. It weighs about 767 grams, and now has a battery life of up to 10 hours and five more hours with an additional module. It has a USB-C port, a USB 3.0 port, one Mini-DisplayPort, a nano-SIM slot, and a micro-SD card slot. It has an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front camera. The X1 Tablet will ship in March. Wireless features on all X1 devices include 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth. Optional Wi-Gig chip and NFC are also available on the laptops. The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation More from Gartner Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 More about AdvancedDellIntelLakeLenovoNFCQualcomm Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Gartner Partner Zone Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers The Rise of 'Data and Analytics' Roles Points to Digital Business Transformation Dell EMC Global data protection index II Shift the faster, smarter way: Migrate to Windows 10 with Microsoft’s Largest Australian Partner Email Security in a Zero Trust World Latest Jobs Account Delivery Lead NSW Linux Systems Engineer QLD System Administrator NSW Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network QLD Senior Business Analyst NSW Project Manager NSW Level 3 Engineer NSW Solutions Architect - Data Centre/ Network NSW IT Solutions Architect QLD Senior Linux Systems Administrator NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next My month with the Surface Book i7 with Performance Base ​Steven Fox leaves Caltex ​Protecting your organisation with cyber-insurance alone is not enough CSO Online In pictures: CIO Summit Melbourne In pictures: CIO50 launch party Atlassian acquires team-management software vendor Trello Market Place 6 cities | 20 exhibitors | International & local keynotes | Hear from Mark Loveless 'Simple Nomad' & Jeff Lanza Former FBI - Save your seat at CSO Perspectives Roadshow Participate in this market research and go into the draw to win a Lego Death Star, (valued at $999). WIN a HTC Vive Kit valued at $1399, take this 3 minute survey for your chance to WIN! Answer 5 quick questions and you could win a Lego Mindstorm EV3, (valued at $499). CSO After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters WhatsApp vulnerability could expose messages to prying eyes, report claims Suspected NSA tool hackers dump more cyberweapons in farewell Guccifer 2.0, alleged Russian cyberspy, returns to deride US Siblings arrested in Italy's worst cyberespionage operation ever Computerworld The Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder finally hits the big-data highway Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Telstra to guarantee connectivity over key subsea cable routes Computerworld news now available via Alexa Flash Briefing Will Trump's policies increase IT employment? ARN Security concerns remain as open source usage surges Will Arris International buy Brocade's networking business? Former Dimension Data exec to fill VP operations role at UltraServe InfoTrust - Specialising in security ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Techworld Social networks let the rich buy influence 5G spectrum squatting case ends in $100M FCC fine The Switch is a mix of Nintendo's past consoles Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February INU is a pricey personal scooter for the urban consumer CMO Blackmores aims at consumer wellbeing with AI-powered Well bot Ascent360 raises $1.9m funding to help retailers leverage customer data Interview: The business case for mixed reality in marketing Marketing, sales and IT could be up for big pay rises in 2017 Design thinking: Leading with experience Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel CES 2017 CPUs Trade Shows Mobile GPUs Smartphones AMD Storage Home> Laptops Lenovo Updates The X1 Lineup: Thin Bezel X1 Carbon, X1 Yoga And X1 Tablet Updates by Brett Howse on January 3, 2017 3:01 AM EST Posted in Laptops Lenovo ThinkPad CES X1 Trade Shows CES 2017 10 Comments | Add A Comment 10 Comments + Add A Comment Just last week, Lenovo announced a substantial overhaul of most of it’s ThinkPad lineup. One of the main new features were a new silver color, along with USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 on many models. Today, the X1 family gets the same treatment, with the X1 Carbon, X1 Yoga, and X1 Tablet all offering new features. The X1 Carbon is now on its fifth generation, and while all generations have brought about a slimming and reduction in weight, it is this new fifth generation X1 Carbon that will be the most exciting since the original’s introduction. The X1 Carbon has always been a 14-inch notebook, starting with the first generation 1600x900 model, and up to the more recent editions which could be had with a 2560x1440 display like the 2015 model we reviewed. The 2017 offering keeps the 14-inch panel in 1920x1080 IPS or 2560x1440 IPS options, but stuffs that same panel into a much smaller laptop. The X1 Carbon has gone thin bezel, which means it’s a 14-inch notebook in the same physical space as a typical 13.3-inch model. In addition, the new X1 Carbon can now be had in the traditional ThinkPad black, or the new Silver option. X1 Carbon The X1 Carbon also jumps on the Thunderbolt 3 train, with two USB Type-C ports both offering the high speed protocol. It also lets users continue to use their existing devices with two more USB 3.0 ports, as well as HDMI, native RJ45 (with a dongle, but not USB based), micro SD, and even a micro SIM with Qualcomm Snapdragon X7 LTE-A cellular connectivity. For more traditional wireless, Lenovo offers the Intel Dual-Band Wireless-AC 8265, which is a new take on the already excellent 8260 model that now offers MU-MIMO support. There is also an option for the Intel Tri-Band Wireless-AC 18265, which adds WiGig support on top of the normal 8265 card. WiGig allows wireless docking solutions. The X1 Carbon’s main selling point is that it is a traditional clamshell notebook, and Lenovo removed the touch option last year, putting touch on the X1 Yoga, but the X1 Carbon tips the scale at only 2.49 lbs, or 1.12 kg, making it the lightest X1 Carbon yet. Unlike the Dell XPS 13, which can be credited as being the first thin bezel notebook, Lenovo has added a bit of bezel to the top of the device to fit the webcam, which should make it a lot more usable to those that require a webcam. And they’ve even found enough space to add a second IR camera for Windows Hello facial recognition. Arguably one of the biggest issues with the X1 Carbon has been the mediocre battery life, but with the 2017 model, Lenovo is now claiming up to 15.5 hours of battery life on MobileMark 2014. The Broadwell based X1 Carbon was the last that we reviewed, and it did not even manage eight hours of battery life on our light test, so hopefully we can test the new model and see the difference. It’s great to see Lenovo focus on battery life, which was really the one pain point with the previous models. X1 Yoga The X1 Yoga gets its first product refresh since it was introduced last year. The changes on the X1 Yoga are not as significant as the X1 Carbon, but there are still a few nice new features to discuss. The X1 Yoga will now be available with an Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 GPU, in addition to the base Intel HD Graphics 620, and the Iris model will feature up to 16 GB of 2133 MHz LPDDR3, up from the 1866 MHz LPDDR3 on the 620 model. The faster memory with the Iris GPU and eDRAM should help overall performance for all tasks. The X1 Yoga also adds USB-C with Thunderbolt 3, and offers two ports like the X1 Carbon. It also offers three USB 3.0 ports, HDMI, native RJ45 (with a dongle), micro SD, and a micro SIM with the same Qualcomm Snapdragon X7 LTE-A cellular connectivity as the X1 Carbon, and it offers the same Intel 8265 or Intel 18265 WiFi options, with the latter supporting WiGig for wireless docking. The display options remain the same as the previous model, with both two IPS panels, at 1920x1080 and 2560x1440, or the OLED version is back as well, at 2560x1440. Lenovo rates the X1 Yoga at up to 16 hours of battery life with the IPS panel, or 10.5 hours with the OLED version. There is also an optional IR camera for Windows Hello login. Lenovo has updated the keyboard, which had a retractable cage around it to lock the keys in place when the screen was flipped around. The X1 Yoga now retracts fully flat for better stability and comfort, and Lenovo claims anchoring the keys gives better durability. There is also a new ThinkPad Pen Pro with a new soft elastomer tip, to give more friction on the display and provide a more natural writing experience. The X1 Yoga continues to be a thin and portable 2-in-1, with the LCD model weighing 3.13 lbs / 1.42 kg, and the OLED version is a bit lighter at 2.99 lbs / 1.36 kg. X1 Tablet Also announced last year at CES, and seeing its first refresh, is the X1 Tablet. Like the X1 Yoga, it offers only a few changes, including Kaby Lake Y series processors, up to 1 TB SSD capacity, and battery life up to 10 hours without the 5 hours with the Productivity module. It also features a USB-C port with USB Power Delivery, but no Thunderbolt 3. There is another USB 3.0 port as well, along with a mini DisplayPort, micro SD, and nano SIM slot for the Qualcomm X7 LTE-A, or Sierra Wireless AirPrime EM7430 cellular options. For WiFi, it keeps the same options as the rest of the X1 lineup with either an Intel 8265 or 18265 solution. While the X1 Yoga and X1 Tablet only got minor refreshes, they were also products announced just a year ago. The X1 Carbon has received a significant update for 2017, with a sleeker, lighter design, a thin bezel display, and improved battery life. We should have some hands-on time with the new devices this week at CES. Gallery: ThinkPad X1 Lineup CES 2017 Source: Lenovo Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 10 Comments View All Comments Laxaa - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link I'm assuming the X1 Carbon will get an Intel Iris GPU option as well? Reply niva - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Never assume anything will ever get the Intel Iris GPU option again... ever! The X1 Carbon looks damn near perfect as a laptop in terms of design, I'm curious in the configs (details) that will be offered as well including the benchmarks. Reply kspirit - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Why is that? Iris GPUs are a pretty decent upgrade. I've not seen any laptop use them since the last Macbooks and perhaps an overpriced model of the Zenbook, and I'm wondering why that is. The 28W CPU doesn't hurt either, they're better than the U series ones... Reply SharpEars - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link I completely agree with niva, never expect to see the Intel Iris on anything again. Reply spikebike - Wednesday, January 04, 2017 - link Why? Intel just doubled down on iris. The kaby lake U series announced today has 13 SKUs, including 8 with IRIS graphics across the i3, i5, and i7 lines. The Iris 540/iris 550 are pretty decent, fine for a wide range of uses (not including heavy gaming). Seems ideal for a thin/light laptop. Reply RaichuPls - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link How is it native RJ45 when there's a dongle? Reply amb9800 - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link It has an Ethernet port, just with a (proprietary?) mini connector that becomes RJ45 with the use of a dongle (meaning it's still "native," rather than a USB-to-Ethernet adapter): http://shop.lenovo.com/us/en/itemdetails/4X90F8431... Reply jvl - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link I'm really sorry but these pages are among the worst I've ever read on anandtech. Lots of information is missing (for example, there's not a single price given), some things are confusing (16 GB of eDRAM for the Iris on the Yoga? I know I'm out of touch, but that seems impressive, yet is not elaborated on at all) I'm not sure this helps the site. If I feel like I've wasted my time, I'm less likely to come again. Keep up the good work. If you can't, don't publish.. Reply ikjadoon - Tuesday, January 03, 2017 - link Something I really appreciate: Lenovo now lists if the SSD you're buying is TLC (instead of some no-name "guess"). Yes, I'm still bitter about the way-below-par TLC SSDs in Microsoft's $1500 laptop. Reply zodiacfml - Thursday, January 05, 2017 - link Wow, significantly lower battery life on the OLED screen of the X1 Yoga Reply 1 PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Digital Storm BOLT X: A Kaby Lake-Based SFF PC with Custom Liquid Cooling Seagate to Shut Down One of Its Largest HDD Assembly Plants OWC Previews DEC Add-On For MacBook Pro Marvell Show the 88SS1079 Controller: An Updated 88SS1074 Nintendo Switch Hardware Launch Details - 32GB w/Expandable Storage, 6.2” 720p Screen, 2.5 to 6.5 Hour Battery Life Kingston Launches DataTraveler Ultimate GT USB Flash Drive with 2 TB Capacity ASUS Announces Designo Curve MX38VQ: 37.5 Inch Curved Display with Qi Charging DEEPCOOL Showcase the GamerStorm Quadstellar: One Big Metal Shuriken Chassis CES 2017: GIGABYTE’s Thunderbolt 3 to 8x USB 3 Dock ASUS Demonstrates ROG Swift PG27UQ: 4K, 144 Hz, HDR, DCI-P3 and G-Sync HTC Announces New Phones For U: HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra CES 2017: GIGABYTE Shows Passive Apollo Lake BRIX in Embedded UCFF TWEETS IanCutress: For the RGB enthusiast who has everything https://t.co/hdy1HAgziD IanCutress: @FlameyCat Latency of what? ganeshts: @monkeybrainsnet Don't waste ad dollars on promoting to non-SF Bay Area folks unless you plan to expand (would be nice if you do that) IanCutress: @Nick_Craver @BrettHowse it is fun :) just time consuming IanCutress: @Nick_Craver Ask @BrettHowse, but we really need another laptop reviewer to cover in depth. Doing 6-10/yr atm RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl On paper, sure. 2 DP lanes would be good enough for 1080p60, even 4Kp30 if Nintendo decides to support that RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl None that we've heard of so far. Plus it wouldn't need to, the console itself can do that RyanSmithAT: I really doubt the Switch consumes this much power, but it means that it can still charge quickly while in active use (i.e. docked) RyanSmithAT: Nintendo Switch power input, taken from Nintendo's 3D render for promo videos: 15V @ 2.6A (39W). Subject to change before release, of course RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte None has been spotted IanCutress: Part SoC, part external chipset?@RyanSmithAT ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy BRCM was definitely not an amateur. The Chinese Phytium Mars, on the other hand... ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy One less ARM v8 server vendor - does not look like a positive for the ARM server ecosystem ganeshts: @Bindibadgi I can't see NBASE-T taking off before cable ISPs start delivering 1 Gbps+. 802.3ad will get adopted if user friendly ganeshts: @Bindibadgi Linksys CM3132 cable modem has 2xLAN & the EA9300 router has 2xWAN ports link-aggregated. https://t.co/Jfzbt5yGnq Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events Upcoming events View all events Resources Resources Reseller News Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign In Existing Member Forgot password? Join Reseller News Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices get sexier designs, faster chips The thinner and smaller ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop, X1 Tablet, and X1 Yoga 2-in-1 get upgraded to Intel Kaby Lake chips Agam Shah (IDG News Service) 03 January, 2017 19:01 - - - - print email Comments The venerable ThinkPad brand will turn 25 this year, and Lenovo's new ThinkPad X1 devices will kick off celebrations with a slew of upgrades including sexier designs, faster processors, and screens with thinner borders. The new ThinkPad X1 Carbon laptop (starting at US$1,349), ThinkPad X1 Tablet (starting at $949) and ThinkPad X1 Yoga 2-in-1 (starting at $1,499) are smaller, thinner and lighter than ever before. In addition, the devices have much longer battery life. Many of the advances come thanks to the upgrade to Intel's 7th Generation Core processors code-named Kaby Lake. The integrated GPUs are faster and provide the capability to support 4K video processing. Additionally, an intriguing optional offering for the ThinkPad X1 devices will be LTE-Advanced modems from Qualcomm, which are typically found in smartphones. Lenovo believes cellular connectivity is a must as devices become thinner and lighter. LTE connectivity is also good for where Wi-Fi isn't available. The ThinkPad X1 lineup is becoming popular and will push the brand into the future, said Dilip Bhatia, vice president for global PC design at Lenovo. Lighter, but with bigger screens After staying backstage in previous years, the X1 Carbon is at the front and center of the new upgrades. The 14-inch laptop has shrunk considerably, and is now in the frame of a 13.3-inch laptop, much like the Yoga 910. That's partly because of a new screen with thinner borders, which helped reduced the size of the laptop. It's not exactly an edge-less display like the XPS 13, but it's still extremely thin. A webcam is placed in the thin border on top of the screen. The laptop does not have a "nosecam," said Bhatia, taking a jab at Dell's XPS 13, which has an oddly placed webcam under the screen. Reducing the laptop's size has other benefits. The X1 Carbon is lighter than before at 1.14 kilograms and also boasts a longer battery life of 15 hours. Users can configure the laptop with up to 1TB of SSD storage and up to 16GB of DDR3 DRAM. The screen options include full HD or the higher resolution 2560 x 1440-pixel screen. A 4K screen option isn't available, Bhatia said. The laptop has two USB 3.0 and a USB 2.0 ports but no USB Type-C port. The ThinkPad X1 Carbon will start shipping in February. Since its introduction last year, the ThinkPad X1 Yoga has gained popularity and has received a big upgrade with a host of new features. The new version, which will ship in March with a 14-inch screen, doubles the storage capacity. It is also lighter, thinner, and offers more battery life. The ThinkPad X1 Yoga can be used as either a laptop or a tablet. The maximum storage capacity is 1TB, growing from 512GB in the previous Skylake version. It offers battery life of up to 16 hours, an improvement from 11 hours in its predecessor. The device weighs 1.42 kilograms. It also will boast a faster GPU, and there will be an option to select Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640, which will support 4K video rendering. The 2-in-1 also has a Thunderbolt 3 port and an HDMI port to connect external 4K displays. Additionally, the device comes with two USB 3.0 ports. The 2-in-1 includes a pen, which takes advantage of the new inking features in Windows included in the Anniversary Update. The pen is becoming an important part of Windows devices, and it's much easier to take notes and draw on the X1 Yoga, Bhatia said. The X1 Yoga can be configured with a full HD screen of a 2560 x 1440 pixel display. An OLED screen at 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution will cost you more, and that configuration will offer a battery life of about 11 hours. Finally, the multi-purpose ThinkPad X1 Tablet, which stole the show at last year's CES, also got major upgrades. It's a detachable device that turns into a laptop with a keyboard module, or can create a 60-inch projection display when a projection module is attached. It has a 12-inch screen that displays images at a 2160 x 1440 pixel resolution, a storage capacity of up to 1TB, and memory capacity of up to 16GB. It weighs about 767 grams, and now has a battery life of up to 10 hours and five more hours with an additional module. It has a USB-C port, a USB 3.0 port, one Mini-DisplayPort, a nano-SIM slot, and a micro-SD card slot. It has an 8-megapixel rear camera and a 5-megapixel front camera. The X1 Tablet will ship in March. Wireless features on all X1 devices include 802.11ac Wi-Fi, Bluetooth. Optional Wi-Gig chip and NFC are also available on the laptops. Ingram Micro Showcase 2016: Aimed to Provide a Transformative Technology Experience More from Ingram Micro New Zealand Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the New Zealand Reseller News newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CES 2017 Read next Chatbots, collective intelligence, and blockchain to change how business is run in ... After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 Reseller News looks back on a tumultuous 12 months for the New Zealand channel, assessing the fallout from a year of sizeable industry change. Whether it be local or global mergers and acquisitions, distribution deals or job changes, the channel that started the year differs somewhat to the one set to finish it - Reseller News assesses the key moments that made 2016.​ Top 50 defining moments of the New Zealand channel in 2016 ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Hewlett Packard Enterprise honoured its top performing Kiwi partners at the second running of its HPE Partner Awards in New Zealand, held at a glitzy ceremony in Auckland. Recognising excellence across eight categories - from distributors to resellers - the tech giant celebrated its first year as a standalone company, following its official split from HP in 2015. ​Hewlett Packard Enterprise honours high achieving NZ channel Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Nutanix recently took to the seas for a Christmas Cruise around Sydney Harbour with its Australia and New Zealand staff, customers and partners to celebrate a stellar year for the vendor. With the sun out, they were all smiles and mingled over drinks and food. Nutanix treats channel partners to Christmas cruise Related Whitepapers How to Sell Disaster Recovery Datto’s State Of The Channel Ransomware Report 2016 Natural Disaster Survival Guide For Businesses Build vs. Buy: Calculate the TCO of BDR Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Your Windows 10 PC may soon lock itself when you walk away   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World New Zealand | CIO New Zealand | Computerworld New Zealand Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News 08:00AM ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 Jan 14 Microsoft slates end to security bulletins in February Jan 14 Is this the year IoT standards will finally make sense? Jan 14 After MongoDB, ransomware groups hit exposed Elasticsearch clusters More News ​Changing of the channel guard in 2017 ​How Datacom built one of the world’s best intranet sites View all events Women in ICT NZ Women in ICT NZ Reseller News After Hours Reseller News After Hours Reseller News Industry Awards Industry Awards EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: MOBILE Lenovo launches $1,500 ThinkPad X1 Yoga, $1,350 Carbon, $950 Tablet Jordan Novet@jordannovet January 3, 2017 12:01 AM Tags: CES 2017, Lenovo, Lenovo ThinkPad, Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon, Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Tablet, Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Yoga, top-stories Above: Lenovo X1 Carbon with 14-inch display. Image Credit: Lenovo At the CES consumer technology conference in Las Vegas today, Lenovo is unveiling new devices in its ThinkPad X1 line — an ultrabook, a convertible laptop, and a tablet, all of which run Windows 10. Lenovo says the new 5th-generation ThinkPad X1 Carbon is the thinnest and lightest one yet, weighing in at 2.49 pounds and standing 0.6 inch tall. It starts at $1,350. The machine includes a 7th Gen Intel Core i chip, an Intel HD Graphics 620 integrated graphics processing unit (GPU), up to 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM, a 128GB-1TB solid state drive, a 720p webcam, support for Windows Hello, and a battery that lasts up to 15.5 hours. There are lots of ports, including an SD card slot, a micro-SIM card slot, an HDMI port, and two USB 3.0 ports, two USB-C ports, and, yes, a headphone jack. It comes with a QHD (2560×1040) or FHD (1920×1080) 14-inch display rated at 300 nits. A fingerprint scanner and NFC support are optional. Above: Lenovo’s 2017 ThinkPad X1 Yoga. Image Credit: Lenovo The 2nd-generation ThinkPad X1 Yoga, which starts at $1,500, offers up to a 7th-generation Intel Core i7 vPro chip, an Intel Iris Plus Graphics 640 and/or Intel HD Graphics 620 integrated GPU, up to 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM, a 128GB-1TB SSD, a 720p webcam, up to 16 hours of battery life, and a redesigned stylus. It’s got three USB 3.0 ports, two USB-C ports, an HDMI port, a microSD card slot, and a micro-SIM card slot. A touch-friendly 14-inch display is available as QHD OLED (2560×1440), QHD (2560×1440), and FHD (1920×1090) — the first one is rated at 300 nits, while the other two have 270 nits. An infrared camera, a fingerprint reader, and NFC are optional. The device’s keyboard has also been revamped. “The new keyboard retracts fully flat in tablet mode offering greater stability and user comfort, and anchoring the keycaps delivers better long-term key durability and reliability,” Lenovo said. Both the Carbon and Yoga are available in a new silver color, expanding on the black that’s been the trademark of the ThinkPad since 1992. The Yoga model means Lenovo has a refreshed competitor to HP’s Spectre x360 and Dell’s new 2-in-1 XPS 13. And its stated battery life and port offerings are better than Apple’s 2016 MacBook Pro. The Carbon also has a wide range of ports, although it lacks touch at a time when touch is seen as more accommodating than the Touch Bar on the MacBook Pro. And no pen is included. And you can’t turn it 360 degrees. Still, given the specifications, it looks like it could be a good choice for people who need a reliable Windows PC on the go. Above: Lenovo’s ThinkPad X1 Tablet with keyboard attached and pen on hand. Image Credit: Lenovo The new detachable ThinkPad X1 Tablet with a stand on the back of the 12-inch 2K display lets users attach modular components, like an external battery or projector. It can be ordered with up to a 7th-generation Intel Core i7 vPro chip, Intel HD Graphics 615 GPU, up to 16GB of LPDDR3 RAM, a 128GB-1TB SSD, an 8MP rear camera, a 2MP front camera, and up to 10 hours of battery life. It weighs 2.35 pounds and is 0.55 inches thick when the keyboard is attached. A USB-C port, a USB 3.0 port, a microSD card slot, and a nano-SIM card slot are all on board. The modularity is reminiscent of what Lenovo did with last year’s Moto Z and what LG did with the G5. For certain people, that quality alone may make it more interesting than Microsoft’s Surface series, with its many imitations. The ThinkPad X1 Yoga and Carbon will be available starting in February, while the Tablet will come out in March, Lenovo said. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple AMD’s Ryzen threatens to destroy Intel’s gaming supremacy Mike Wehner BGR NewsJanuary 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Intel’s Core processors have long been the overwhelming favorite amongst PC gamers when compared to AMD’s alternatives. AMD’s chips have impressive specs of their own, and have been shown to outperform Intel’s hardware under certain circumstances, but unlocked i7 processors from Intel are still the go-to for overclockers and enthusiasts. AMD would love to change that, and it’s going to try with the new Ryzen chip architecture. Some recently released benchmarks show that AMD is at least on the right track.  Don't Miss: Why did the Galaxy Note 7 explode? Samsung will finally tell us soon The tests were performed by French technology outlet Canard PC. Canard was able to obtain an early version of one of AMD’s Ryzen chips and pit it against the known benchmarks of Intel’s top-of-the-line i7 processors. Before we get into the numbers, it’s important to note that the AMD chip tested is what is known as an engineering sample, which means that it’s slightly less powerful than we’d assume the final version will be. AMD has claimed boost clocks on its high-end Ryzen chips will reach 3.6GHz, but the sample chip was limited to a boost of 3.3GHz. Despite already being hampered by its scaled back frequency, the Ryzen chip performed quite well in grueling calculation testing. The eight-core AMD processor was beaten only by the eight-core i7 6900k, and bested the six-core i7 6800k. In a gaming head-to-head, the AMD chip stumbled a bit, largely due to the fact that the vast majority of games don’t fully take advantage of the huge number of cores it boasts. Most titles use four cores or less, and don’t see noticeable improvements past that, which is why the quad-core i7 6700k came out on top in testing. Intel’s CPUs also take up the next five spots, with AMD’s new chip sliding in at 7th place. But remember, the AMD chip in this test is running at a modest 3.3GHz frequency with half of its cores being used, while the 6700k is running at a much faster 4.0GHz, with all four of its cores being utilized. It’s possible — even likely — that AMD’s Zen chip architecture will prove to be more efficient than Intel’s, and that test of the final retail version of the chips will show dramatic improvements. At this point it’s impossible to know how the final product will really perform, but these preliminary tests are extremely encouraging for anyone who favors AMD, or simply feels like using something other than Intel in their next big PC build. Trending right now: CNN uses screenshot from ‘Fallout 4’ to show how Russians hack things This rumored Galaxy S8 feature would be like nothing you’ve ever seen on an iPhone The 10 best new movies and TV shows coming to Netflix in January See the original version of this article on BGR.com Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Showdown in the South China Sea: China’s artificial islands explained Digital Trends $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] New Dell XPS 13 2-in-1: Dell Redesigns the Ultimate Windows Notebook Travis Pope01/02/2017 Windows PC maker Dell isn’t waiting for its stylish Dell XPS 13 best-in-class notebook to be dethroned by a rival ultrabook or made redundant by a tablet. Using some new design techniques, Intel hardware and a few tricks, the new Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 can take on thin and light notebooks, plus every convertible laptop. Advertisement The company announced the $999 new Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 this morning in a press release ahead of the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, Nevada. Every year, the biggest names in Windows arrive at the show with refreshed notebooks, desktops and tablets that they plan to release in the near future. For the last few years, Dell has had one of the best showings there. Since its reveal a few years ago, the Dell XPS 13 has become a favorite of mobile professionals. It’s often included in “Best of” lists. Read: Dell XPS 13 2015 Review Advertisement This new Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 is classified a convertible because it doesn’t use the traditional hinges that its predecessors did. Instead of opening up the display and having it lock in place, users can flip the display over the rear of the notebook. This effectively turns the Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 into a tablet with a huge 13.3-inch tablet. Advertisement Dell says that to make the XPS 13 2-in-1 practical it had to redesign lots of the chassis that tech watchers loved. The device measures 0.54-inches at its thickest point. Thickness is very important when you’re considering using a notebook as a tablet. If the PC is too thick, it won’t be comfortable to hold. If it’s too heavy, it won’t be comfortable to keep on your lap either. At 2.7 pounds, it’s not the lightest notebook ever, but buyers will be fine with that. Dell kept the carbon fiber and aluminum frame for the older design. The extra weight is likely worth the build quality and high-end finish. The machine picks up some very useful upgrades along with this redesign. Dell will offer two processor options, Intel’s 7th Generation Core i5-7Y54 and Core I7-7Y75 chips. Kaby Lake offers better support for 4K video, Intel says. Whichever processor shoppers choose; they won’t need to worry about fan noise. No Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 has a fan, it seems. Only Intel HD Graphics 615 are offered in this machine. There aren’t any options for a discrete graphics card. RAM options range from 8GB of Dual Channel LPDDR3 to 16GB. The biggest storage option Dell plans to offer is a 1TB Solid State Drive. Because the Dell XPS 13 12-in-1 is a convertible, every version of it has a touchscreen that can detect up to 10 fingers. Dell kept the Infinity Edge display technology that gave the last generation Dell XPS 13’s display such thin bezels. It’s kept the FHD UltraSharp 4K display option for crisper visuals too. Choosing the basic display option gets shoppers 15 hours of battery life. Models with the 4K display last around 12 hours between charges. Technology makers are beginning to rally around the new Thunderbolt port for their machines. Though it looks identical to USB Type-C, Thunderbolt offers one single interface for connecting docks, phones, displays and more. Plus, Thunderbolt offers very speedy transfers. The connector allows for charging. Other connectivity options include Bluetooth 4.2, 1 USB Type-C port, MicroSD, a headset jack and a lock slot. Dell has bet on a fingerprint reader that supports Windows Hello instead of a web camera. Windows Hello lets you sign in without using a password. An optional stylus lets users take notes and keep track of their lives using Windows 10’s Ink Workspace feature. Advertisement Dell plans to begin selling the new Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 on January 5th. One Response 01/02/2017 ammy96429 Reply ★★★… Most of us want to have good income but dont know how to do that on Internet there are a lot of methods to earn huge sum, but whenever Buddies try that they get trapped in a scam/fraud so I thought to share with you a genuine and guaranteed method for free to earn huge sum of money at home anyone of you interested should visit the page. I am more than sure that you will get best result. Best Of Luck for new Initiative! ••••••••••••► Spacial~Job AtHome. ✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔✔ ❥———————————————————-━━━❥ Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Gadgets 10 PC trends to watch this year January 3, 2017January 3, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 Though some critics love to knock personal computers as dinosaurs, laptops and desktops have got sexier, faster and even smarter. For every blue screen of death, there are droves of technological enhancements driving PCs into the era of virtual reality, 4K video and 5G connectivity. Here are the top 10 PC technologies and trends to watch this year: VR PCs on your head VR devices will come in many new shapes and sizes, with some of them acting essentially as PCs that fit on your head. Dell, Asus, Acer, Lenovo and HP will release mixed reality headsets, which will allow users to interact with 3D objects that pop up as floating images superimposed on a real-life background. The devices will provide a new level of human-computer interaction, making it more fun than ever to create 3D objects, play games, watch moves, and have interactive Skype calls. These “holographic computers,” as they have been called, will have Intel chips, an integrated GPU and possibly a 3D RealSense camera to identify objects, measure distances and provide new perspectives on surroundings. Storage prices will go up Prices of SSDs are going up due to shortages and that can have an impact on the price of laptops, 2-in-1 computers and storage. Dell’s XPS 13 with Intel’s Kaby Lake chips and a 512GB SSD, for example, is not available right now. Other laptops with 512GB SSDs are priced unbelievably high. Most PC makers are offering 128GB or 256GB SSDs in PCs by default. Choose storage wisely, as it isn’t easy to screw open a super thin 2-in-1 to replace an SSD. Talk to your PC The feud between Apple’s Siri, Amazon’s Alexa, Google’s Assistant and Microsoft’s Cortana voice-activated assistants can get more interesting in 2017. Users will be able to shout out Cortana commands to Windows 10 PCs from a longer distance, thanks to a “far-field speech recognition” technology that Intel and Microsoft are working on. Until now, Cortana worked best if a user was close to a PC, but millions of Windows PCs will turn into Amazon Echo competitors with this new feature. Cortana can do a lot more than Amazon Echo, like accessing information from the cloud, chatting with chatbots, checking email and other tasks. AMD ratchets up chip battle with Intel Intel has been the unchallenged king of PCs for more than a decade, but AMD is fighting back with its new RyzenPC processor, which will reach PCs next year. A healthy rivalry will be good news for PC users, some of whom may jump from the Intel to the AMD camp. AMD claims Ryzen is 40 percent faster than its current PC chips, which on paper is impressive. The chips will first hit gaming PCs, and then mainstream laptops and desktops later in 2017. Ryzen will battle Intel’s Kaby Lake in early 2017, and the 10-nanometer Cannonlake in late 2017. ARM-based laptops with Windows, again The first attempt at ARM PCs, which ran on Windows RT, was an unmitigated disaster, and it left many users sceptical of the idea. But Microsoft hasn’t given up, especially as 5G starts to become a reality and cellular connectivity in PCs becomes essential. Microsoft announced that this year’s PCs will be available with Qualcomm’s ARM-based Snapdragon 835, which is primarily for smartphones. Super-thin laptops will get integrated modems and a long battery life with the chip. The ARM-based PCs will run Win32 applications that run on regular x86 PCs via emulation. For now, no PC maker has announced ARM-based Windows PCs; manufacturers may be cautious in the light of the Windows RT fiasco. There are also many challenges. Snapdragon isn’t as fast as high-end x86 Intel or AMD chips, and won’t support 64-bit applications initially. Also, emulation may limit the ability to exploit hardware acceleration. Bluetooth 5 will take charge Laptops and 2-in-1s will be equipped with the latest Bluetooth 5 wireless specification, which is a longer and faster upgrade to the aging Bluetooth 4.2. Bluetooth 5 will allow PCs to communicate wirelessly with devices up to 400 metres away in clear line of sight, but a more reasonable range is about 120 metres, according to analysts.  Bluetooth 5 will transfer data at speeds of up to 2Mbps, which is two times faster than its predecessor. Beautiful screens, 4K and HDR Laptops like the XPS 13 and Lenovo’s Yoga 910 have beautiful edge-to-edge screens, a feature that may be included in more laptops next year. Also, 4K screens and HDR (high-dynamic range) technology will make games and movies look stunning. HDR results in more vivid images, and TVs, cameras and monitors supporting the technology are already available. Netflix is also doubling down on HDR. An HDR standards battle is brewing with DolbyVision and HBR3, but GPU makers are supporting both standards. AMD expects DolbyVision to ultimately win. New storage and memory technologies Intel’s Optane, a superfast SSD and DRAM replacement that can ultimately unify memory and storage, can cause a radical change in PC architecture. But that won’t happen for a few years, and the initial expectations for Optane are modest. The first Optane SSDs will be in enthusiast PCs, and can cost a small fortune. Optane SSDs have been measured as being 10 times faster than conventional SSDs. Over time, Optane may replace DRAM DIMMs, with the added advantage of being able to store data. The SSDs won’t be in laptops next year as the technology’s uses are still being explored. Optane is based on a technology called 3D Xpoint, which Intel co-developed with Micron. SSDs based on Micron’s 3D XPoint technology will ship next year under the QuantX brand. More changes for keyboards We saw some interesting changes to keyboards in 2016: Apple added the Touch Bar, while Lenovo swapped out the hard keyboard for a virtual keyboard on a touch input panel for its Yoga Book. Lenovo wants to bring the virtual keyboard to more Chromebooks and 2-in-1s, partly because of its versatility. The touch input panel can also be used to draw or take notes with a stylus. It’s a toss-up: Lenovo believes that those used to typing on mobile devices will adapt to this touch panel keyboard quickly, while hard keyboard diehards will dismiss the idea. Some ports won’t go away easily PC makers may not muster up the courage to remove the headphone jack and SD card slots from PCs right away, but USB 2.0 slots can be on their way out. Some PC makers may leave out display and other legacy ports with the emergence of the versatile USB Type-C, which can be used to charge PCs and connect displays, storage devices and other peripherals.   Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected] Trending Why Nigerians will become poorer with rising oil prices Lagos builds road to reduce traffic We must remain united to honour fallen heroes – Ambode ‘Don’t abandon babies over financial difficulty’ Buhari’s 2017 budget of waste and frivolity (1) Search for: Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Use About punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers more Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Apple Mobility CES 2017 IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Special Feature Inside this Special Feature CES 2017: The Big Trends for Business CES 2017: Dell's killer new XPS 13 2-in-1 CES 2017: The best business gadgets CES 2017: Microsoft Connected Car 2.0 rolls along CES 2017: Intel's ultra-slim Compute Card to ease upgrades for IoT devices CES 2017: The 5G future will support up to 22 million jobs, Qualcomm says Carnival Ocean Medallion: 5 takeaways from one of 2017's premier IoT projects Robots need rights, and kill switches too, warn politicians CES 2017 exhibitors stay optimistic about wearables Nokia's vision for digital health: From AI analytics to connected hairbrushes CES 2017 recap video: Big trends, top products, and wackiest tech CES 2017: Carnival uses wearables, machine learning to make cruises more fun Video: This LG 'wallpaper' OLED TV is the future of conference rooms Part of a ZDNet Special Feature: CES 2017: The Big Trends for Business CES 2017: Dell's killer new XPS 13 2-in-1 Dell takes its highly successful XPS 13 and transforms it into a killer business 2-in-1 hybrid with a starting price of $1,000. By Adrian Kingsley-Hughes for Hardware 2.0 | January 2, 2017 -- 19:53 GMT (11:53 PST) | Topic: CES 2017: The Big Trends for Business Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 In the market for a new laptop? Dell's new XPS 13 2-in-1 hybrid could be the ultraportable you are looking for. CNET: Dell flips its high-end XPS 13 into a new hybrid Since Dell unveiled its first ultraportable XPS 13 at CES 2012, it's not only consistently been one of the best Windows laptops, it has also been the best Windows-powered counterpart to Apple's MacBook. CES 2017 The best mobile tech, PCs and laptops on display Panasonic unveils 'human-like' companion robot Kingston unveils 'world's highest capacity USB flash drive' Voice is the next computer interface Dell's killer new XPS 13 2-in-1 HP shows new business convertible and Sprout Pro Amazon revs Alexa everywhere strategy Under Armour highlights digital transformation efforts See also: CNET's full coverage But now Dell's XPS 13 just got a lot better thanks to a 2-in-1 conversion, which saw Dell take its existing XPS design and add a 360-degree hinge. This means that you can take the laptop and fold it back into a variety of different configurations, from tent to kiosk to tablet. It makes sense for Dell to go with a 2-in-1 design for the new XPS 13, given that this is one of the PC segments that is continuing to see sales growth. For the more conservative users out there, the XPS 13 2-in-1 also works like a regular laptop. Dell offers two different touch display options -- a standard 1930 x 1080 full HD display or an UltraSharp 3200 x 1800 Quad HD+ panel. Powering the new XPS 13 2-in-1 is a choice between a 3.2GHz Intel Core i5-7Y54 processor or a 3.6GHz Intel Core i7-7Y75 processor, both 7th-generation Kaby Lake silicon, and both featuring Intel HD Graphics 615. Despite packing the latest silicon, Dell has designed the new XPS 13 2-in-1 to be completely fanless. RAM options span 4GB, 8GB, and 16GB dual-channel LPDDR3, while storage options go from a basic 128GB SATA all the way up to 1TB PCIe SSD with Intel RST. On the battery front, the 46WHr pack is good for up to 15 hours when combined with the full HD display. There is also a webcam, a fingerprint reader that's Windows Hello-compliant, a couple of USB Type-C ports, a Thunderbolt 3 port, microSD card reader, display port, and a 3.5mm headphone jack. Dell claims the new XPS 13 is the "smallest 13-inch 2-in-1 device on the planet," and while it has some really tough competition, the engineers have made it 40 percent thinner and 20 percent lighter than Microsoft's Surface Book. Prices start at $1,000 (which is $200 more than the basic XPS 13), and the systems are available starting January 5. And no laptop is complete without accessories. For the XPS 13 2-in-1 Dell is offering the following: Dell Hybrid Adapter + Power Bank - Combination 45W charger and 12800 mAh power bank Dell USB Type C to HDMI / VGA / Ethernet / USB 3.0 adapter -- For when you need more ports Top Windows 10-powered alternatives to the... SEE FULL GALLERY 1 - 5 of 6 NEXT PREV See also: 2017: Here's what you should be paying attention to Move over Raspberry Pi, here are a dozen, better alternatives Transform your smartphone into three interesting, unusual and useful gadgets Will AR wearables replace your iPhone? Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Hardware 2017: The best laptops for education Hardware The best laptops for travel in 2017 Laptops After software fix, Consumer Reports now recommends MacBook Pros Laptops Top accessories for your MacBook (2017 edition) × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Pocket-lint News Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All News Reviews Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR All Reviews Features YouTube Instagram Facebook Twitter Google+ search Phones Best Phone Cameras Fitness trackers Parent hub Smart home MWC 2017 search Acer Swift 7 review: Has Acer finally cracked high-end laptop design? Andrew Williams and Mike Lowe2 January 2017Laptops Pocket-lint 4.0 stars £949 For Firm-feeling build, good screen contrast, a large trackpad and a lower price than some Against Limited connections, processor prioritises efficiency over performance, no backlight keyboard Facebook Twitter Pintrest LinkedIn Google+ Mail Comment Ask the average person about the themes of 2016 and you'll hear about celebrity deaths and far-right politics spreading across the western world quicker than a cute puppy video. Tech trends were, thankfully, less depressing: we saw a lot of super-super thin laptops arrive to see in 2017. The Acer Swift 7 is not just one of the thinnest, it's also one of the more affordable. At £950-1000 (depending on how hard you shop) it's not exactly cheap, but is £100 less than the Dell XPS 13 and is knocking on Apple's design door too. Acer Swift 7 review: Design Just 9.98mm thin Gold and black colour Laptops like the Acer Swift 7 and HP Spectre are a real mix of old and new. They set new standards for super-skinniness and light weight, but are also pure laptops. That means no touchscreen, no hybrid design and no Microsoft Surface-a-like stylus features. Pocket-lint Super-powered portability is the main draw. Well, that and a fancy look. The Acer Swift 7 is all-aluminium and has a two-tone design. It is gold on the inside and black on the outside, and you'd better like that look because there are no silvery safety net options on offer. The Swift 7's gold is also a little bolder than the more champagne-y shades we tend to see on phones and laptops. Embrace the bling or get out of here. What really sells the Swift 7, though, is its slender dimensions. It's just 10mm thick, which is even thinner than the HP Spectre. Having used most of these new ultra-skinny elite laptops, the Acer Swift 7 actually batters you over the head with its slim-ness less than most. Its footprint is still as large as an old-style 13-inch MacBook Pro and, at 1.16kg, it's not so light that you wonder whether they forgot to put the battery in. The Asus ZenBook 3 is 200g lighter, for example. Pocket-lint The Acer Swift 7 also lacks the final magic design touch that makes a laptop feel like its designers were trying to make a museum piece: you can't lift the lid without the keyboard base part lifting off the table. It's one of those little show-off bits only MacBooks and a few Windows laptops have. More important, though, Acer does seem to have nailed the build quality basics. Despite being dead thin, the keyboard doesn't flex even if you press down on it pretty hard, and you can also tilt the screen back more than on the HP Spectre. Acer Swift 7 review: Connections 2x USB-C and 1x 3.5mm jack only The main questionable part of this new wave of slim laptop design is the kind of connectivity you get. Well, more the lack of it. The Swift 7 has two USB Type-C ports and a headphone jack. And that's it. One of those C-ports is taken up by the power lead when it's plugged in too. Pocket-lint We bet virtually everything you own that you'd want to plug into the Swift 7 still uses full-fat USB, and you'll also need to get hold of an adapter to use an SD card. It's one of those MacBook-esque issues. The positive side of USB-C is that these ports can juggle loads of data. This means you can attach a bunch of things to the one port, as long as you have the right adapter, anyway. And they're not included in the box. Acer Swift 7 review: Keyboard and trackpad Shallow press keys No backlight Oversize trackpad One other eyebrow-raiser of these new laptops is that many, including the Swift 7, have ultra-shallow keyboards. It's a classic MacBook-apeing move, but Acer's slim keyboards are better than some. It'll take some getting used to if you currently have a chunky laptop, but Acer's engineers have managed to inject some satisfying resistance into these keys even though they only depress a little. Pocket-lint It has a meatier feel than a 12in MacBook. The keyboard is also extremely quiet, making our everyday (old style) MacBook Pro sound like a noisy clacker. There's a major omission here, though. Despite costing almost £1000, the Acer Swift 7 does not have a keyboard backlight. Almost every laptop this pricey has one, and a backlight comes in handy if you need to work in a dim or dark room on occasion. Leaving it out doesn't make a lot of sense, even if it was necessary to get to 9.98mm thin. In a lot of areas it's easy to label this as Acer's attempt to copy Apple, but the Swift 7's trackpad is much more like one of HP's Envy 'pads. It's very, very wide, giving you loads of space to flick around. It's great in-use too, with a super-smooth textured glass top and an easy but well-defined clicker. We saw none of the weird behaviour you sometimes see in Windows 10 device trackpads either. If you'll appreciate the extra swiping area, it's hard to beat. Acer Swift 7 review: Screen 13.3-inch 1920 x 1080 IPS LCD panel (16:9 ratio) The Acer Swift 7 display is a little more ordinary, but still good enough to justify the price. It's not as good as that of the new 13-inch MacBook but a lot better than the dated display of the MacBook Air. Pocket-lint Similarly, colour is good but not quite as punchy as the new MacBook Pro's tones or those of something like the super-saturated Razer Blade Stealth. However, contrast is strong and max brightness gives you the option to work outdoors on a sunny-ish day even though the Acer Swift 7 has a glossy screen. It's topped with Gorilla Glass 5 too, to shouldn't be too easy to scratch even if you treat it like dirt. If you're a real screen perfectionist you might be left wishing for a few more pixels. 1080p across a 13.3-inch screen lets you see slight pixellation, with small fonts looking less than totally smooth. It all depends on how much you've already been spoilt by super-high density laptops, tablets and phones really. Acer Swift 7 review: Performance Intel Core i5-7Y54 (1.2GHz) 8 GB LPDDR3 RAM 256GB SSD There's also a little semi-hidden sacrifice Acer has used to get the Swift 7 thinner than the competition. Look at its spec list and you'll see it has a Core i5 CPU. However, it's actually less powerful than the processors of most alternatives because it's the new-gen equivalent of one of Intel's fanless Core M CPUs. Intel just changed how they're named. Sneaky. Pocket-lint It's an Intel i5-7Y54, a latest-generation Kaby Lake processor. Where the Core i5-6200U used in many ultraportables has a clock speed of 2.3GHz, the i5-7Y54 is clocked at 1.2GHz. It's less powerful, uses a lot less battery and is so efficient it doesn't need a fan. However, with most light laptop tasks like browsing, Microsoft Office work and light photo editing, you won't really notice much difference. It's much better than an Intel Atom laptop. Miles better. We wouldn't have noticed the shortfall if we hadn't also tried some games on the Swift 7. A "proper" Intel Core laptop is no gaming powerhouse, but you can play some older console-style titles if you turn down the visuals a bit. The i5-7Y54's Intel HD 615 GPU only has about 70 per cent of the power of the last-gen Core i5's HD 520 graphics chipset, further limiting the kind of games you can play without them turning into a slideshow. Pocket-lint This sort of sacrifice is, at the moment, still necessary to get the Swift 7's CPU down to the level where it only creates a third the heat of a normal Core i5 laptop. Even though it doesn't have a fan it stays cool most of the time, although if you do play games for a while you'll feel the part above the keyboard getting hot. This is where the main heatsinks live. Acer Swift 7 review: Battery life 2,770mAh battery The low-demand CPU also helps keep battery life pretty decent, if not radically better than some alternatives, when you're doing something simple like watching a video or doing some browsing. At 40 per cent brightness, the Swift 7 lasts for eight and a half hours when playing a movie on loop. We saw similar "all-day" results when using this laptop as our everyday work laptop. Pocket-lint That's better than the HP Spectre, but the Dell XPS 13 lasts even longer thanks to a combo of clever power management and a much bigger battery. Laptop batteries are normally described as having so many watt-hours (Wh), but Acer uses the much more phone-like milliampere hours in its spec sheet. And the Swift 7 has 2,770mAh, which is pretty low for a high-end laptop. The Dell XPS 13's works out at well over 6,000mAh, but that's partly because the Dell operates at a higher voltage. The Swift 7's i5-7Y54 needs less juice. It makes us wonder how long the Swift 7 might last if it was 2mm thicker and the extra space was packed with lithium-ion goodness, but then the laptop wouldn't have the all-important 9.98mm thickness to brag about. Still: real-world battery life is very good if you keep your activities light. Acer Swift 7 review: Sound The Acer Swift 7 also has fairly good speakers for a very slim laptop, although last year saw the bar for audio in pricey models rise substantially. Two drivers sit on the underside, firing outwards to make the sound wider than the laptop itself. Pocket-lint As they're so close to whatever table the laptops sits on, the sound varies a lot depending whether it's on your knees or a surface. But there is an extra ounce or two of bulk to the sound and decent top volume. It's enough to make watching a film on the Swift 7 while on holiday enjoyable rather than a complete compromise. A MacBook gets you better bass and less brittle-sounding treble, though. Verdict The Acer Swift 7 is one of the thinnest laptops in the world, and it costs a bit less than some in this class. Add a good trackpad, a decent screen and a solid-if-shallow keyboard and you have a great ultra-portable machine for work and the sorts of time-wasting most of us do on our laptops. Look a bit closer and you realise Acer's super-slim claims are a bit, well, thinner than they initially seem. The Swift 7 has a less powerful processor than most of its rivals, as well as a larger footprint, so while very slim it's not necessarily more portable than the rest. There's no keyboard backlight either. This shouldn't all necessarily put you off, but it's worth looking a bit deeper if you've been lured-in by the 10mm-thick design. For most, the big question is whether the restrictive connections will get on your nerves (despite it rapidly becoming the norm for high-end laptops). Otherwise Acer has made a generally decent MacBook competitor. Acer Swift 7: The alternatives to consider Pocket-lint HP Spectre 13 £1,299 It's pricier, it's just as bling, but it's also more powerful than Acer's offering (even if it's not quite as slim). Pocket-lint Dell XPS 13 from £1,049 With its quirky edge-to-edge display and more power to boot, the Dell XPS might not look as bling, but it's more of a workhorse for not much more cash. Plus it has full-size USB ports. Pocket-lint Apple MacBook 2016 from £1,099 Ok, so there's no Windows to be seen here, and Apple has the same limitation with connectivity as the Acer. As small, portable laptops go, however, it's a hard one to beat. Especially if you like rose gold. Sections Acer Laptops Best laptops and tablets of CES 2017: The greatest from HP, Dell, Lenovo and others Which Apple MacBook is best for you? MacBook, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro? 5 best laptops for Windows 10: The best available to buy today Wondershare data recovery: Recover deleted files from Recycle Bin/Pendrive/SD... Popular In Laptops On Pocket-lint Wondershare data recovery: Recover deleted files from Recycle Bin/Pendrive/SD Card/Hard disk/Memory Card New Windows 10 privacy dashboard gives you more control over data Apple found out what's messing with the new MacBook Pro's battery life Dell XPS 27 (2017) preview: Audiophiles, this 4K touchscreen AIO is for you Razer Project Valerie: Crazy gaming laptop concept packs in three screens HP EliteBook x360 preview: Thin with all the win Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 preview: The convertible king? Best laptops and tablets of CES 2017: The greatest from HP, Dell, Lenovo and others This is Project Neon, the new look Windows 10 HP Sprout Pro preview: It's like the old Sprout - but better and aimed at pros Nintendo Switch: Release date, price, specs and everything you need to know Take a tour with President Obama through the White House in VR 25 real-life robots that will make you think the future is now Is LG about to launch a round Android Wear 2.0 smartwatch? Motorola sends out invites to 26 February event, likely for new phone Super Bomberman R preview: A sparkling retro gem for the Nintendo Switch Nokia 8 Android phone: Release date, rumours and specs All the Nintendo Switch games: Launch titles and every game for 2017 revealed Has Samsung Display just revealed the Galaxy S8? Nintendo Switch preview: Return of the king? Comments search News All news Reviews Hands-on All reviews Features Buyer's guides Vs All features Sections Apps Cameras Cars Drones Fitness Trackers Gadgets Games Headphones Laptops Parenting Phones Smart Home Smartwatches Speakers Tablets TV VR Popular Brands Apple Samsung HTC Microsoft Google Facebook Lego Panasonic LG Amazon Extras & Social Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Google+ YouTube Events Pocket-lint Gadget Awards Regulars Comps Copyright Pocket-lint ltd 2003 - 2017 Site map Contact us About us Reviews policy Site policy Advertise on Pocket-lint
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Camera  |  News  | Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 with 4K Display to Launch in Q1 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 with 4K Display to Launch in Q1 2017 The upcoming Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will be a 2-in-1 laptop with a 4K Ultra HD display and a magnetic charging stylus. By: Rohit Arora Updated: Monday, January 2, 2017, 19:50 [IST] Microsoft is gearing up for an all new Surface Pro machine in the year 2017. The US tech giant is said to be working on a new version of its Surface Pro laptop, which is set to arrive in the first quarter of 2017, most probably by April 2017. As per reports, the Surface Pro 5 will be manufactured by Pegatron Electronics and the 2-in-1 laptop will come with a 4K Ultra HD display and a magnetic charging stylus, possibly an improved version of Surface Pen. The current generation Microsoft Surface Pro 4 uses the latest sixth-generation "Skylake" Intel processors, and the Surface Pro 5 is expected to come with Intel's Kaby Lake Core i7 processor paired with 512 SSD for internal storage. SEE ALSO: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 vs Surface Pro 3 Released in India Today: Which One is Best for you? As noted, the Surface Pro 4 supports Windows Hello face authentication using the camera as well as a fingerprint sensor on a new Type Cover for the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft is expected to equip the Surface Pro 5 with the same or improved security features. We can also expect Microsoft to improve the Surface Pen, which is designed exclusively for the Surface series of devices and is used for effortless training and drawing. This Pen comes with three buttons and a tip. SEE ALSO: Renders of the Upcoming Microsoft Surface Phone Leak Online Besides, a lot have been said about the Surface phone and 2017 might be the year Microsoft launches the smartphone. Some recent leaks suggest that the phone will be laden by a plastic body with three capacitive hardware keys on the front for back, home, and Bing search. On the back, there is Microsoft logo and camera module, and it looks far more similar to the previous Lumia devices Saturn ring. On the specification side, we might see a 5.5-inch Quad HD display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor running the show in support with 6GB of RAM. Read More About microsoft | surface pro | laptops | mobiles | news | pc | technology Story first published: Monday, January 2, 2017, 15:30 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 2, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... HTC One X10 images leak once again revealing design Opera Neon, the first ever concept browser is here Bose Lifestyle 650, 600 and SoundTouch 300 home entertainment systems now available in India Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Pick the right smartphone for your needs with these tips 5 hidden iPhone features you wish you had known earlier Best smartphones with 6-inch display under Rs. 15,000 PCs that look similar to a MacBook Are you overspending while buying Smartphone 10 best Samsung smartphones to buy in India in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 design might have leaked in this latest official ad Swipe Konnect Grand offers Android 6.0 and 3G at Rs. 2,799 Moto Z Play to receive Android Nougat update by the end of January Smartphone battery myths commonly believed by users Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Videocon Virat V3BCXOLO Era 2XiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto M Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Follow us: facebook twitter rss Home Auto News Auto Reviews Green Cars Galleries Tech/Biz Life Video AMD Ryzen Vs. Intel i7 Chips Results Revealed; Stress Test, Gaming, Power Demands Jan 02, 2017 06:20 AM EST | Luna C Tags AMD, amd ryzen, amd ryzen performance, Intel, intel i7, ryzen vs intel i7, technology, tech, Tech News, pc, PC Gaming, AMD Ryzen specs, AMD Ryzen news, AMD Ryzen processor, AMD Ryzen update, Intel i7 processor, AMD Ryzen vs i7, Trending Will the Ryzen finally beat Intel's i7? Find out here, for initial test results. (Photo : AMD/YouTube) If one wonders how AMD would plan to beat Intel in the neverending battle for processor superiority, then this article might be quite of help. It is said that pictures tell a thousand words or so and a graph comparing a set of outputs from AMD Ryzen and its possible intel rival chips. It is important to note that these are initial tests and might change during the actual deployment of the Ryzen. As of this writing, data has been gathered from a foreign site studying the outputs of AMD's Ryzen compared to a set of intel processors. 2017 has just started and gamers might be thinking of upgrading their processors. The following charts are reportedly taken from Canard PC Hardware, a magazine for PC build enthusiasts. The tests were conducted on pre-release versions - which is most of the time better performing than the to-be mass-produced AMD Ryzen processors. According to its official announcements from all types of media and including conferences, AMD Ryzen will be showcasing frequency clocked at 3.4 GHZ. On top of that, it will sport an automatic turbo feature. During the tests, however, it is worth noting that the clock is set at 3.15 GHz and then boosts up to 3.4 GHz on turbo mode. AMD Ryzen VS Intel i7: Stress Test The first benchmark shows that the AMD Ryzen outperforms all other Intel Core processors lower than the Core i7 6900K. As indicated on the tests, the Ryzen is at second place, right behind Intel i7 6900K, when the stress test is being performed. The said stress test ran with wPrime, PovRay 3.7, Blender 3D, 3DS Max 2015 / Mental Ray, and Corona Benchmark. AMD Ryzen VS Intel i7: PC Gaming As for the gamers, the AMD Ryzen is at 7th place. According to this gaming benchmark result, the Ryzen is being beaten by Intel Core i5 6600 and above. The simplest explanation is that Intel processors are said to be efficient at "silicon levels." At this point, gamers should think properly when getting the Ryzen just for gaming purposes. AMD Ryzen VS Intel i7: Power Consumption This graph shows the energy requirement for the set of chips on the said test. Soaring on top of the charts is the FX-8370 by AMD. AMD Ryzen only got 3rd place scoring a 93 just right behind Intel Core i7 6900K which has 96. The FX-8370, on the other hand, only had 118. © 2017 Auto World News, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Related Articles Windows 10 Update Gives Users One Very Useful Feature; Ditching The Annoying Aut ... Apple, Google Now Venturing Into Car Technology, Making Them 'Connected' Nintendo NES Classic Edition Update: Mini NES Available At NYC Implementing A Fa ... Tesla Did Not ‘Predict’ The Crash, Here's Why Nintendo Registers Japanese Trademark: Is There An SNES Classic Edition Followin ... Get the Most Popular Autoworld Stories in a Weekly Newsletter TRENDING ON THE WEB Euro MP's Warned To Install Kill Switch To All Robots, As It Could Take On Humans One Day NES Classic Stock Update: More Mini NES To Be Available Says Nintendo COO Nintendo Switch Preorder Update: Two Million Units To Be Shipped This March Nintendo Switch Dropped Miiverse And StreetPass - Reason Behind? ` Join the Conversation Editor's Pick 2017 Subaru Impreza 5-Door Review: A Bigger, Better, Smoother Compact 2018 Honda Odyssey Specs Revealed At NAIAS; Model Pegged As Family Vehicle Donald Trump's Limo "Cadillac One" Will Be Equipped With Tear Gas, Shotgun, And Other Security Features Toyota's 210HP Yaris Comes With New Technical Modifications, Will Be Ford Fiesta ST's Worst Nightmare New Honda Mobilio Facelift Unveiled 2017 Mercedes-Benz GLA Pricing And Specs Revealed Auto News Porsche Mission E: Porsche's Stunning Tesla Rival Ford Expands Driver's Air Bag Recall Nationwide A Mustang On Steroids, Rocket V8 Super Mustang Added To VLF Lineup Bentley Confirms That Bentayga And Continental GT Models Will Be Equipped With The Plug-In Hybrid Option Soon The 2018 Jaguar F-Type Runs On hugh Performance V6 With Powerful Torque Vectoring Auto Reviews Ford Focus Electric Review: Elusive and Entertaining A Look at the 2001 Lamborghini Diablo NAIAS: VLF Automotive X-Series Named As The Unattractive Car Honda Civic Bags 2017 "Best Auto Tech: Value Award Winner" At Kelley Blue Book Porsche Cayenne 2017 Review: Sporty and Indulgent Auto Home Auto News Auto Reviews Green Cars Galleries About Us Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 AUTO WORLD NEWS All rights reserved.
Oneindia Classifieds Coupons Education News Movies Buy Insurance Auto Cricket Gadgets Lifestyle Money Travel Menu Home Mobiles Reviews Gadgets Features Top 10 Mobiles How to Gadget Finder Menu Tip Us!FacebookTwittergplusYoutube News Mobile Tablet Laptop Computer Gear Gadgets Reviews Features How To Gadget Finder Photos Videos English हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు বাংলা ગુજરાતી Home  |  Camera  |  News  | Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 with 4K Display to Launch in Q1 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 2-in-1 with 4K Display to Launch in Q1 2017 The upcoming Microsoft Surface Pro 5 will be a 2-in-1 laptop with a 4K Ultra HD display and a magnetic charging stylus. By: Rohit Arora Updated: Monday, January 2, 2017, 19:50 [IST] Microsoft is gearing up for an all new Surface Pro machine in the year 2017. The US tech giant is said to be working on a new version of its Surface Pro laptop, which is set to arrive in the first quarter of 2017, most probably by April 2017. As per reports, the Surface Pro 5 will be manufactured by Pegatron Electronics and the 2-in-1 laptop will come with a 4K Ultra HD display and a magnetic charging stylus, possibly an improved version of Surface Pen. The current generation Microsoft Surface Pro 4 uses the latest sixth-generation "Skylake" Intel processors, and the Surface Pro 5 is expected to come with Intel's Kaby Lake Core i7 processor paired with 512 SSD for internal storage. SEE ALSO: Microsoft Surface Pro 4 vs Surface Pro 3 Released in India Today: Which One is Best for you? As noted, the Surface Pro 4 supports Windows Hello face authentication using the camera as well as a fingerprint sensor on a new Type Cover for the Surface Pro 4. Microsoft is expected to equip the Surface Pro 5 with the same or improved security features. We can also expect Microsoft to improve the Surface Pen, which is designed exclusively for the Surface series of devices and is used for effortless training and drawing. This Pen comes with three buttons and a tip. SEE ALSO: Renders of the Upcoming Microsoft Surface Phone Leak Online Besides, a lot have been said about the Surface phone and 2017 might be the year Microsoft launches the smartphone. Some recent leaks suggest that the phone will be laden by a plastic body with three capacitive hardware keys on the front for back, home, and Bing search. On the back, there is Microsoft logo and camera module, and it looks far more similar to the previous Lumia devices Saturn ring. On the specification side, we might see a 5.5-inch Quad HD display, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 processor running the show in support with 6GB of RAM. Read More About microsoft | surface pro | laptops | mobiles | news | pc | technology Story first published: Monday, January 2, 2017, 15:30 [IST] Other articles published on Jan 2, 2017 Please Wait while comments are loading... Opera Neon, the first ever concept browser is here Google is making encryption easier for all YouTube update: iPhone users can watch QHD videos with the latest update Featured Posts RECOMMENDEDEDITOR'S PICK Pick the right smartphone for your needs with these tips 5 hidden iPhone features you wish you had known earlier Best smartphones with 6-inch display under Rs. 15,000 PCs that look similar to a MacBook Are you overspending while buying Smartphone 10 best Samsung smartphones to buy in India in 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8 design might have leaked in this latest official ad Swipe Konnect Grand offers Android 6.0 and 3G at Rs. 2,799 Moto Z Play to receive Android Nougat update by the end of January Smartphone battery myths commonly believed by users Opinion Poll 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers GET OUR TOP TECH STORIES DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Do not Disturb Browse by Category | News | Gadget Finder | Videos | Photos | Features | How To | Mobile | Tablet | Computer | Laptop | Gear | Gadgets Social Followers 34,688 Followers 13,012 Followers 1,41,901 Followers 7,506 Followers Sign Up Newsletter Sign up for our daily Newsletter Latest in Mobiles Videocon Virat V3BCXOLO Era 2XiBall 2.4H Supremo B3Coolpad Cool1 DualLYF Water 3Karbonn Titanium Vista 4GAsus ZenFone Go 4.5 LTE (ZB450KL)Karbonn K9 Viraat 4GLYF Wind 7SVideocon Bazoomba6 V2SBAsus ZenFone 3 Max ZC553KLLenovo K6 NoteSwipe Elite MaxZTE Nubia N1Motorola Moto M Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Tablet PC Launching In First Quarter Share Tweet Email 0 NEXT 'Devil May Cry 5' Latest News & Update: Hideaki Itsuno May Unveil New Game in 2017 [RUMORS] Latinpost Facebook Latinpost Twitter Latinpost Google+ Latinpost instagram Latinpost RSS Sunday, January 15, 2017 | Updated at 10:10 PM ET Latin Issues & ImmigrationLatin Issues & Immigration Latin EntrepreneursLatin Entrepreneurs Latin EntertainmentLatin Entertainment Latin Life & CultureLatin Life & Culture Latin StatisticsLatin Statistics Home US&World Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break Sections X Home US&WORLD Politics Business Life&Culture Tech Entertainment Real Estate Sports Latin Post TV Coffee Break LATEST NEWS Organic Baby Powder of Jessica Alba's Honest Company Was Recalled: Species Causing Skin And Eye Infections Found [VIDEO]January 15 10:06 PM EST Anti-Aging Cream Nearly Extinct As Scientist Discovered Master Regulator Of Cellular AgingJanuary 15 09:59 PM EST Google Maps Allows Users To Book And Pay For Uber Rides Within The App ItselfJanuary 15 09:54 PM EST Genetically Modified Salmonella Could Eat Cancerous Tumors [VIDEO]January 15 09:41 PM EST US Radar Deployment To Answer North Korea Missile Threat, What Else US Can Do?January 15 09:39 PM EST Amazon Officially Announces its Best-Selling Product in 2016January 15 07:56 PM EST The Next Penelope Nintendo Switch Version Available Soon?January 15 07:54 PM EST Advertisement Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Tablet PC Launching In First Quarter By Bisakha Das Chowdhury (staff@latinpost.com) First Posted: Jan 02, 2017 04:03 AM EST Share This Tweet This The Chairman of Microsoft India Bhaskar Pramanik (L), the Director of the Windows Business Group Vineet Durani (C) and Microsoft Indias General Manager of Marketing and Operations Tyler Bryson.(Photo : Getty Images/ CHANDAN KHANNA) Share This Tweet This It's said that Microsoft is working on a new version of its Surface Pro tablet which is set to be arrived in the first quarter of 2017. The new Surface Pro 5 two in one will come up with a UHD 4K display. According to Gadgets the new Surface Pro 5 will featured with a magnetic charging stylus, with Pegatron Technology that will manufacture the device. Surface Pro4 was launched in back in October 2015 which sports a 12.3 inches Pixel Touch display with a aspect ratio of 3:2. The display was protected by Corning Gorilla Glass 4 and 0.4mm thick. It was launched with a new Surface Pen that came with an eraser and could detect 1,024 points of pressure. As per Learnbonds Surface Pro 4 ships with a choice of Intel's 6th generation Core processors from Core M3 to Core i5 and Core i7. These configurations are powered by the Intel HD Graphics 515 Intel HD Graphics 520 and Intel Graphics respectively. Advertisement Sources suggest that the new Surface Pro 5 will be boosted with Intel's Kaby Lake processors to make the device more energy efficient. The new Kaby Lake are the next generation core processors which improves the performance of Surface Pro 5 and allows it to work more smoothly while consuming less power. The PC is said to be packaged with a 512GB of internal storage memory and it will be backed with a 16GB of RAM for the good performance. It will run on the Windows 10 Red stone 2 operating system. Microsoft might be launching two version of the Surface Pro 5 a low-end model which will provide full 2K resolution support and the high end model with a offering of 4K resolution support. Moreover the new Surface Pen is also be featured with a chargeable battery with an ability to charge itself when attached to the tablet. Fans are expecting from Microsoft to improve the battery life in the nerw two in one PC because the previous Surface Pro 4 faced a lot of battery issues, even users reported that the PC battery is draining very fast and not standing the promises of company. Advertisement Furthermore, the Surface Pro 5 will feature a USB Type-C port and Thunderbolt 3. The Surface Pro 5 is expected to be priced at $899. SEE ALSO Samsung Files Patent For Two New Smartwatches New Samsung Ultra HD Blu-ray Player Aims To Take The Headache Out Of HDR OverClocker Pushes Intel Core I7-7700K Past 7GHz Aided By Liquid Nitrogen LG’S Levitating Speaker Expected To Mesmerize Audience At CES 2017 Huawei P10 smartphone is expected to come with curved glass, a Kirin 960 SoC and 6GB of RAM Tagsmicrosoft sony, microsoft retailers, microsoft surface, microsoft xbox one, Microsoft Microsoft, microsoft office, microsoft surface book, microsoft lumia, microsoft surface pro, Microsoft Office 365, Microsoft, Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Tablet PC Launching In First Quarter, Google, Google Glass, Google Nexus 6, google play, Google Nexus, google maps, google fiber, Google Now, Google Nexus 5, Google self-driving Car, google fiberGoogle, tech, tech news, Latinos and Technology, Latinos and Technologytech, Wearable tech, Diversity in Technology, Diversity in Technologytech, technology, Diversity in Tech, Latinos in Technology, Latin American Tech, Diversity in Technologytechtech Advertisement Advertisement © 2015 Latin Post. All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. Politics & Immigration nielson survey nielson Deported Military Veterans Could Be Reunited with Families in US Thanks to Veteran Lawmakers A group of congressional lawmakers introduced legislation that would allow deported veterans to reunite with families in the United States. Tennesse May Have Unknowingly Dodged Bullet By Not Passing Anti-LGBT Legislation In Response to Puerto Rico Health Crisis, US Health Department to Fund Up to $50 Million in Medicare Support DAPA, DACA+ Executive Action SCOTUS Hearing Unites Latino, Immigrant Rights Leaders in D.C. New York Primary Results 2016 Shows Hillary Clinton Dominating NYC But Upstate Feels the Bern GOP Senators File Supreme Court Brief Challenging Obama's Immigration Executive Actions CULTURE Amy Gutmann Time In kids Marijuana on Expanding Research to Become A Medicinal Drugs Cannabis plants such as this one yield marijuana and other substances that deserve expanded study for possible medical benefits, a large research review recommends. But negative physical and psychological effects of cannabis products can’t be ignored, the report says. And after November's elections, 20% of Americans live in a state that has voted to legalize recreational use. Far more live in states with some access to medical marijuana. WWE News and Update: Baron Corbin, A New Wrestler To Beat The Great Barrier Reef Once Used To Be Above Sea Level 125000 Years Ago First British Man to Get PREGNANT with Sperm Donor from Facebook is an Ex-Asda Worker Queen Elizabeth II Almost Got Shot: The Queen Brushes Off The Near Death Experience Like A Champ Kate Middleton And The Places She Had Been Before Becoming A Princess [VIDEO] Mysterious Planet Nibiru Could Smash Down Earth, Conspiracy Theorists Say From our partner How Much is Pitbull Really Worth? Cierra Ramirez, Christina Milian and More Best Dressed Celebrities of the Week EXCLUSIVE: Zoe Saldana on Playing a Cubana in 'Live by Night' & Reveals Why She's a Gangsta 6 Ways We Can #RaisetheBeautyBar in 2017 Subscribe to LatinPost! Sign up for our free weekly newsletter for the latest in-depth coverage! Close Advertisement 1 Mexico-based Startup Platzi is Teaching Professional Skills to Latin America One Subscriber at a Time - How This Can Increase Employment Opportunities for Latinos 2 Latinos Helping Latinos: Camino Financial Helps Business Owners Get Loans Up to $500K 3 John Leguizamo's Media Marketing Startup is Expanding with New Full-Scale Production Studios 4 $350,000 Raised for Chicago Paleta Vendor, 89, After His Photo and Story Go Viral 5 Run a Startup Accelerator? Here's How to Compete for $50,000 in Gov. Funding from the Small Business Administration 6 Here's What Makes a Good Location for Latino Entrepreneurs to Start a Successful Business Advertisement Our Picks 'Fullmetal Alchemist' Movie Latest News & Updates: Warner Bros. Japan Releases First Look at Edward, Alphonse Elric [TRAILER] Latest PS4 Trailer Revealed Console Exclusives To Be Launched in 2017 [VIDEO] 'Final Fantasy: Brave Exvius' News & Update: Ariana Grande's 'Dangerous Woman' Costume to be Featured in Mobile Game [DETAILS] 'The Expendables 4' soon to start filming, movie will have something different 'Devil May Cry 5' Latest News & Update: Hideaki Itsuno May Unveil New Game in 2017 [RUMORS] Samsung to reveal the cause behind the Galaxy Note 7 fiasco, suggests report What to Expect in 'The Vampire Diaries' Season 8 Episode 9; Bonnie Might Become A Vampire The truth of real parentage for Michael Jackson's children PlayStation Plus Owners to Get Day of the Tentacle Remastered and More in January 2017 Fadi Fawaz woke up and finds shocking twitter messages on his account claiming that boyfriend George Michael tried to kill himself many times before finally dying on Christmas Day. Apple has not recovered from it’s slower than expected iPhone sales last year and will slash production during the next months according to reports. ‘The Big Bang Theory’ wraps up the holiday season with an episode that will feature the whole gang including Mary Cooper, Bernadette and Howard’s new baby Hallie and pirate Sheldon. FCC Filing Hints That the Nintendo Switch Won't Support 3G or LTE 'Justice League' main villain Steppenwolf explored in details Top 10 most anticipated movies of 2017: 'Star Wars: Episode VIII', 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2', Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' and many more NASA has huge plans for 2017: Missions to Mars, Saturn and Jupiter; monitoring total Eclipse and more Apple's upcoming iPhone to display Samsung's AMOLED panel, says report Don’t miss it! Politics TURNOUT: Latina Congressional Candidate Dolly Elizondo Hopes to Break Glass Ceiling in Lone Star State Politics TURNOUT: Mexican-American Ruben Kihuen Hopes to Bring Progressive Work Ethic to Congress Politics TURNOUT: Lucy Flores Fights to Solve Issues Affecting Hard-Working Families LATIN POST TV more video  Rogue One New Trailer Suspenses Viewers Iowa Flooding Map and Rainfall Pattern (Satellite Video) Quejas Contra Trump en el Sur de California - Costa Mesa, Santa Ana Punto de Quiebra, el Trailer en EspaÃ±ol: Aguante las Olas REEL SALAZARS - Movie Reviews Entertainment "It" Updates: A new Pennywise the Clown teaser photo released Entertainment Ryan Gosling to play the role of astronaut Neil A. Armstrong in biopic movie Entertainment The Flash: Villains That Scarlet Speedster Should Fight In The Movie Latin Post Tweets by @https://twitter.com/Latin_Post Categories US&Politics Laws&Immigration Biz&Economy Life&Culture Tech Entertainment YouTube News Sports Categories About us Privacy Policy Contact us Topics Jobs Latin Post Style Guide Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google + RSS FacebookTwitter
Skip to main content area Sign up for our daily newsletter Newsletter Close Sign me up Toggle menus Toggle search Main menu Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Desktop Hardware Desktop Software Laptops Alphr Cloud Pro Channel Pro Search Search Sections News Reviews In-depth App Business travel Innovation at Work Leadership Whitepapers You are here: Home Storage NAS Reviews Qnap TVS-1282-i7-64G-450W review Qnap TVS-1282-i7-64G-450W review Qnap’s TVS-1282 is its most versatile desktop NAS appliance ever Share twitter linkedin facebook google+ email Dave Mitchell Reviews 2 Jan, 2017 4 Price  Diskless, £2,284 ex VAT Pros  Top performance, Great hardware package, Feature-rich QTS software, Excellent virtualisation and data protection tools Cons  Outer two PCI-e slots are space restricted Verdict  Businesses that want a NAS for all seasons will find the versatile and powerful TVS-1282 a great choice Businesses looking for a desktop NAS appliance that does it all will like Qnap’s TVS-1282. Choice is king as the family comprises seven models each offering different combinations of Skylake CPU, DDR4 memory and power supplies.  We review the flagship TVS-1282-i7-64G-450W which packs in a 3.4GHz Intel Core i7-6700 CPU, 64GB of DDR4 memory and a 450W PSU. If this is too much, other options include cheaper Core i3 and i5 CPUs, less memory and a 250W PSU.  The appliance has eight LFF and four SFF hot-swap SATA drive bays with room inside for two M.2 SATA SSDs. There’s more as it sports three PCI-Express expansion slots with the inner one accepting full-length, full-width cards such as a GPGPU or a PCIe NMVe SSD (Intel’s P3700 models are certified). Around the back are four Gigabit, four USB 3, multiple audio jacks, built-in speakers and three HDMI ports. The latter can be used to stream HD video or be teamed up with Qnap’s Linux and HD Station apps for desktop access via a local monitor, keyboard and mouse.   The new QTS 4.3 software enhances the snapshot and recovery features Expansion caution  Installation is simple with Qnap’s Qfinder on the case as it discovered the appliance and helped create a RAID5 storage pool with three 8TB Seagate NAS HDD drives. We chose a thin storage pool which brings NAS share and iSCSI LUN snapshots into play. We wanted to run performance tests over 10-Gigabit (10GbE) but found an issue with the expansion slots when fitting an Emulex OCE11102-NT 10GbE card. The CPU has a dedicated blower fan and the mounting bracket directly opposite the two outer PCI-e slots restricts card lengths to 147mm.  The Emulex card is 167mm long so only fits in the inner PCI-e slot where it worked fine. Our Intel X520-SR2 10GbE fibre cards are short enough but no Intel adapters are supported at present.   The Linux Station app can run Ubuntu Desktop and pipe it to one of the appliance’s HDMI ports QTS 4.3  As Qnap’s QTS 4.3 software was in beta we upgraded the appliance to see what’s on offer. This is a major refresh which delivers plenty of new features and improvements to many existing apps.  The TVS-1282 supports the Qtier app which migrates data blocks across up to three storage levels based on usage. Data migration tasks must be scheduled but the new Auto Schedule feature decides when to run these based on I/O activity.  Qnap’s Virtualisation Station always impresses as it allows the TVS-1282 to host VMs running virtually any OS you fancy. The new version has a more informative interface and now supports GPGPU pass-through for selected VMs. Specifications  Chassis: Desktop CPU: 3.4GHz Intel Core i7-6700 Memory: 64GB DDR4 ECC Storage: 8 x LFF, 4 x SFF hot-swap SATA drive bays; 2 x M.2 SSD slots Array support: RAID0, 1, 10, 5, 6, hot-spare, JBOD Network: 4 x Gigabit Other ports: 5 x USB 3, 3 x HDMI, 3.5mm audio out, 2 x 6.3mm audio in Expansion: 3 x PCI-e 3 slots Management: Web browser Pages 1 2 next › last » Read more about NAS Qnap TVS-1282-i7-64G-450W View the discussion thread. Get the ITPro Newsletter Get FREE weekly newsletters from ITPro - delivering the latest news, reviews, insight and case studies. Click here Featured Whitepapers Latest in Nas Synology DiskStation DS3617xs review Reviews 4 Qnap TS-1635 review Reviews 3 Asustor AS6208T review Reviews 4 ZyXEL NAS542 review Reviews 3 Boston Igloo 2U-60T-STOR review Reviews 4 See all Popular 15in MacBook Pro vs Dell XPS 15 head-to-head review Laptops Android Nougat release date, name and features: Android 7.0 now available for Samsung Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge Android Does blockchain have a place in business? Strategy Which is the best browser?: Chrome vs Firefox vs Internet Explorer Web Browsers NHS IT director and tech vendor jailed for corrupt contracts Public Sector Contact us Dennis Publishing Editorial Offices 30 Cleveland Street London, W1T 4JD T: +44 (0)20 7907 6000 Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Useful links Security Mobile Server Networking Cloud Strategy Public Sector Storage More Contact us About us Company Website Feeds Privacy Notice Authors Sitemap Our Websites Auto Express Evo Coach Micro Mart Alphr Know Your Mobile Classic & Performance Car Expert Reviews Channel Pro Digital SLR Photography Den of Geek The Week Computer Shopper Magazines Health & Fitness CarBuyer Cloud Pro MagBooks Cyclist TablePouncer © Copyright Dennis Publishing Limited. Under licence from Felix Dennis. Jobs Media Information Subscription Enquires Books Apps Your Online Choices
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Reviews Storage Corsair Force MP500 480GB Review By Steven Walton on January 2, 2017 TechSpot 75 TechSpot score Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 24 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) 19 comments Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more Weekend tech reading: Galaxy S8 revealed, the dumbest stuff at CES, inside BitTorrent's collapse 10 comments Watch the Nintendo Switch hands-on event in Tokyo 18 comments Alleged backdoor discovered in WhatsApp could allow governments to read encrypted messages Pandora is cutting seven percent of its US-based workforce 19 comments HTC's latest flagship smartphone looks like a cross between the LG V20 and Galaxy Note 7 Index Article Index Feel The Force Benchmarks: Real-World Applications Benchmarks: File Copy Test Benchmarks: CrystalDiskMark 3.0 Benchmarks: AS SSD Benchmark Benchmarks: Atto Disk Benchmark Force, M-ore P-lease 163 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments Samsung has dominated the solid state storage scene for the past few years and they recently updated their SSD lineup with two of the fastest drives we've ever tested. The MLC-based SSD 960 Pro and the more affordable TLC 960 Evo, both reviewed and proven to be extremely fast NVMe SSDs. A tough act to follow for the competition, even for the likes of Intel, Corsair announced the Force MP500 SSD shortly after the release of the Samsung 960 Series. The Force MP500 is a high-speed NVMe SSD targeting power users. The drive takes advantage of the more desirable MLC type NAND flash. However, unlike the 960 Pro series, capacities are available below half a terabyte. In fact, Corsair is offering this new series with a maximum capacity of 480GB while it is also possible to purchase a 240GB version and even a piddly 120GBer. Availability for the new Samsung drives hasn't been great, however given the performance on tap at $330 for the 512GB 960 Pro and $250 for the 500GB 960 Evo, they've able to single-handedly hold the competition at bay. Intel's SSD 750 Series and Toshiba's OCZ RD400A simply can't compete at the same level, so we're looking forward to see how Corsair's top offering holds up. We have the MP500 480GB model on hand for review and at $325 it's priced to match the 960 Pro. Actually, given the slight variation in capacity, the Corsair drive ends up a few cents more expensive per gigabyte, so the MP500 series isn't exactly affordable. However, on paper, Corsair's new flagship SSD series looks mighty impressive boasting sequential read/write speeds of 3GB/s and 2.4GB/s. Before metaphorically seeing what the MP500 is made of, let's take that phrase literally... What Makes the MP500 Tick? Based on the M.2-2280 form-factor all MP500 models utilize the PCIe 3.0 x4 interface for a blistering fast sequential read speed of 3GB/s, coupled with an equally impressive write throughput of 2.4GB/s. What's interesting is that Corsair is claiming the same sequential read and write performance for all three models (120GB, 240GB and 480GB), though there is a large discrepancy in IOPS, where the 120GB version severely lags behind the larger 240GB and 480GB models. Whereas the 240GB and 480GB models are rated for 250,000 random read IOPS and 210,000 random write IOPS the 120GB model is good for just 150,000 read and 90,000 write IOPS. So as you might expect performance will be down on the 120GB model, so just be aware of that. Again for testing we do have the 480GB model on hand and as the fastest model in the series we will be showing best case performance. What's interesting about the new Force MP500 series and rather important to note is the fact that they are using MLC NAND memory, not the cheaper and less durable TLC stuff like the 960 Evo series. Powering the MP500 series is a Phison controller, more specifically the PS5007-E7. So far there are very few SSDs in the wild using this controller and I am personally yet to see how it handles. Connected to the controller is Toshiba's 15nm MLC NAND along with a 512MB DRAM buffer. Please note the 240GB model features a smaller 256MB buffer and the 120GB model comes with a 128MB buffer. Currently AES 256-bit encryption isn't supported but Corsair hopes to deliver a firmware update soon to add in support. Finally, all three models are being backed by a three-year warranty, which isn't bad, though we would have liked to have seen them match Samsung's five-year warranty. Still, Corsair is claiming 698TB of written data rating, but of course you only have three years to prove them wrong. How's the Software? The Force MP500 series is backed by Corsair's tacky SSD Toolbox. It has to be said I'm used to seeing much more polished looking software from Corsair and I expect the SSD Toolbox to see some major upgrades in 2017. Most of the functions aren't compatible with NVMe drives at this point so MP500 owners can't view the drive's S.M.A.R.T. status or total host writes, run a secure wipe, change the overprovisioning or mess with the TRIM command settings. Technically, the MP500 doesn't require any special drivers to work. That said, it does if you want to extract maximum performance from the drive and right now Corsair doesn't offer an NVMe driver. Samsung recently released a new NVM Express driver which greatly improved performance under Windows 10 and 8.1. The problem being that these operating systems by default enable a write-cache buffer known as the Force Unit Access command, which drastically reduces performance. This command is a conservative approach taken by Microsoft to ensure data integrity in case of sudden power loss. However, from Windows 8 onwards, Microsoft incorporated an automatic FLUSH command to ensure data integrity, but it simultaneously maintained the much older Force Unit Access command in the standard drive settings. This redundancy means that write speeds are significantly inhibited due to unnecessary write verification processes. By manually disabling the command, the write performance reached the expected levels. However, manually manipulating drive properties isn't user-friendly, which is obviously why Samsung developed the NVMe Driver 2.0 to do this automatically. Hopefully Corsair will follow suit and do the same. Next Page Benchmarks: Real-World Applications Article Index Feel The Force Benchmarks: Real-World Applications Benchmarks: File Copy Test Benchmarks: CrystalDiskMark 3.0 Benchmarks: AS SSD Benchmark Benchmarks: Atto Disk Benchmark Force, M-ore P-lease User Comments: 3 Got something to say? Post a comment Load comments… Discuss 22 Advice for some upgrade options 18 Removing "line in" echo from Realtek HD Audio output (if it is not a sound effect) 16 Is my PC good for gaming? 59 What was the last piece of PC hardware you bought? 7 Budget Build Feedback Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Huawei MateBook Review: If iPad and Surface Mated Kevin Purcell12/17/2016 They call it the Huawei MateBook maybe because it seems like an iPad Pro and a Surface Pro got together to create this Windows 10 tablet. How does it measure up to either of the two best tablets available? Advertisement The Huawei MateBook sports a 12-inch 2160 x 1440 resolution IPS screen that also uses an active digitizer. That means an optional MatePen writes with fine tip ink for drawing, note taking and general Windows selection and clicking. This makes comparing it to the Microsoft Surface Pro 4 and the larger 12-inch iPad Pro natural. With the beautiful leather MateBook Portfolio Keyboard case ($129) and the MatePen ($59) you’ll pay $687 on sale at Microsoft’s online store. That’s for the Intel Core m3 processor version, a bargain when you consider the iPad Pro 13 inch starts at $799 and the Surface starts at $899. The Intel Core i5 version of the Surface Pro 4 is on sale for $749. Neither of those options comes with a keyboard or pen/pencil. Advertisement Advertisement Huawei MateBook Design iPad Pro’s design genes seem to win out in this fictional combination of the iPad and Surface. The Huawei MateBook looks like a white or black iPad Pro with a slightly thinner bezel around the high-resolution touch screen. The glass front and aluminum back feel high quality and sturdy. There’s very little bend. The back tapers slightly to rounded edges and corners. You can see a thin aluminum line around the bezel. Along the bottom there is a connector that attaches to the Huawei MateBook Portfolio Keyboard case. More on that case below. No one will complain that Huawei cut corners in manufacturing or design. That said, it’s a little boring. The Surface Pro 4 comes with a bit more character. Generally, the MateBook’s just a slab of glass and metal. However, the understated design fits a conservative professional look that business users might prefer. Advertisement Huawei MateBook Screen and Pen The beautiful high-res IPS screen will win fans because it’s bright and accurate. Reading text or watching video looks nice on this display. The screen’s touch feature works well. Windows 10 suffers as a pure touch interface, however, I could accurately interact even with tiny buttons. It just seems to work. Add the fine tip of the MatePen and you get a nice handheld computing experience. The speakers match the beautiful screen. They sound plenty loud enough and give good sound. Sure, they’re not going to impress people who love high-end sound equipment, but they deliver enough volume to make the MateBook a good tool for entertainment and handheld casual gaming. Advertisement Artists will enjoy using the accurate MatePen. So will students and business people who want a tablet for taking handwritten notes or who want to mark up PDF files, documents and more. If you’ve never used Lightroom or Photoshop to edit photos on a Pen-enabled tablet, give it a try. The MateBook is a great option for visual artistry. The MatePen works great. It’s accurate, comfortable and easy to use. Towards the tip, you’ll find two buttons. The one closer to the tip turns it into an eraser. The other works like a right-click button. A third button further from the tip engages the built-in laser pointer, a useful feature for people doing presentations with the MateBook. Advertisement Charge the built-in battery by pulling off the end opposite the writing tip, Plug in a micro-USB charger or use the included USB Type-C to micro-USB cable so you can charge using the computer’s USB C port. Huawei MateBook Portfolio Keyboard The keyboard lacks the design quality of the tablet or MatePen. It comes built into the Huawei MateBook Portfolio Keyboard and normally costs $129 on top of the price of the tablet. Right now Microsoft is throwing it in at their online store, but that sale may not last into 2017. Huawei should always give this thing away, because no one will ever want to pay for it. If they do, they’ll want their money back. The case looks and feels nice. The attractive leather brown exterior seems like a high-end cover for a high-end tablet. Buyers can also pick from black, beige and orange. It includes a nice connector that snaps into place thanks to the magnets in the case and bottom edge of the tablet. That’s where the joy ends. Try to set the tablet up for typing or even just to use as a stand while touch, writing or drawing on the screen and the tablet wobbles way too much. A magnetic flap keeps the case closed and doubles as a magnet to fasten to the back of the tablet. It doesn’t hold the tablet up and sometimes slides down until the tablet falls back onto the tablet or desktop. Huawei needs a better design to make this worth $129. Typing on the keyboard takes a lot of adjustment and it’s hard to type accurately. The integrated touchpad feels like most Windows touchpads used to feel, which means it’s terrible and too small. The keyboard is backlit, but that’s the only good thing I can say about it. Get a Bluetooth keyboard instead of buying this, unless you get it thrown in for free as part of the bundle deal Microsoft’s offering. If you look carefully, you can find a keyboard with a stand. You’ll enjoy typing on that much more than the terrible Huawei MateBook Portfolio Keyboard case. Huawei MateBook Performance and Battery Life Despite the sixth gen 3.1MHz Intel Core M dual-core processor, the MateBook performs reasonably well while doing simple things like online tasks, word processing and even some casual gaming. It’s obviously not as fast as my Surface Pro 4, which comes with an i5 processor. It’s also not as smooth as the iPad running iOS. Still, I enjoy using it as a media consumption device and for occasional work. It’s not great for editing large photos or videos, but simple creative tasks will work fine. Huawei promises 10 hours of battery life, an exaggerated figure. I got closer to 6-8 depending on whether I set the screen brightness to full in a bright room or lower in most settings. That’s not terrible and compares favorably to my iPad Pro (about 8 hours) and my Surface Pro (about 6-7 hours). The included SSD helps the machine boot fast and programs don’t stutter very much. My most power-hungry software worked okay despite the Intel Core m processor and only 4GB of RAM. Huawei MateBook Ports and Connections Don’t expect a lot of ports. We get a USB Type-C port for both charging and connectivity. There’s a mic/headphone combo port and the magnetic connector that hooks up to the keyboard case. The tablet uses 802.11 a/b/c/n/ac MIMO Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 for wireless connectivity. The networking speeds on fast AC Wi-Fi router were pretty good. I never had serious issues. Bluetooth connected reliably. In the box with the tablet we get a USB-C cable that connects via a regular USB-A connector to the included charging brick. The brick’s not much bigger than an iPad Pro brick. There’s also the USB-C to micro-USB cable. If you need more connections, consider the Huawei MateDock, made for the MateBook. It comes in a matching case made of the same material as the keyboard case. Plug it into the USB-C port and it adds the following ports to the MateBook. Ethernet 2 USB 3.o ports (1 .5A and 1 .9A for regular and faster charging) USB-C port to connect to external AC power or to give you a pass through USB-C port HDMI out VGA out The VGA and HDMI ports are on one end and the other ports plus the cable to connect to the MateBook are on the other end. It’s also got a pen loop to hold the MatePen, which you may want to use since the Pen loop that magnetically attaches to the back of the Huawei MateBook Portfolio Keyboard case doesn’t hold the Pen very well, another reason to stay away from the keyboard. Inside the case that houses the dock, there’s a white plastic part that holds the USB-A to USB-C adapter that comes with the MateBook as well as the adapter cable. Huawei MateBook Software Windows 10 powers the Huawei MateBook. All the typical Windows 10 apps from their app store show up, including Candy Crush, Minecraft and the Get Office app. Add Flipboard, Microsoft Office and OneNote, and the rest of the built-in Windows apps. The MateBook Assistant app offers a user manual, links to service at Huawei and a place to download drivers. Refreshingly, that’s all the software loaded on the MateBook. We don’t have to worry about a bunch of crapware like bloated security software, the glorified ads we get with many third-party apps that people don’t need but always show up on most Windows computers. Huawei MateBook Value and Recommendation Comparing the Huawei MateBook to an iPad Pro seems unfair. Aside from the design and looks, they’re two very different machines. If you want a Windows tablet, you won’t want an iPad and if you want an iOS device, you won’t want a Windows tablet. If you only want a simple tool for apps and some art, then go with the iPad Pro even though it costs more. However, if you need something to run traditional software, like the full versions of Microsoft Office or some other special Windows software, then an iPad won’t do. That leaves the Huawei MateBook or some other Windows tablet.   No one beats the Microsoft Surface Pro 4. It’s the best Windows tablet by far. Its excellent hardware, screen, speed and power for a decent price make it the market leader. However, if you want to save a little money consider the Huawei MateBook. We found the black version with the intro-level specs at Amazon for under $460, a great price. At that price it’s a compelling alternative to the Surface Pro 4. If you only need a quality inking experience onWindows for art, taking notes or doing some light photo editing on the road, then the MateBook might suffice. Still, it’s hard to recommend it over the Surface Pro 4 unless the primary factor in your decision-making is price. Pay the extra money for the Surface Pro 4. The Microsoft Type Cover blows away the MateBook Portfolio Keyboard case. The MatePen is every bit as good as the Surface Pen, but the other compromises like a bit of performance and boring design along with the terrible keyboard mean the Huawei MateBook falls just a little short. 3 Responses 12/17/2016 ammythomas04 Reply Work for 2-3 hours in your spare time and get paid $1000 on your bank account every week… Get more information on following site follow this link…..★★★◕◡◕◕◡◕◕◡◕ ❥❥❥❥❥❥❥ Spacial~Work AtHome. 12/19/2016 Richard Reply Hello. 01/01/2017 Nolan Reply Hi, I want to subscribe for this web site to get most recent updates, therefore where can i do it please help. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best 11 Best Weight Loss Apps for 2017 Best iPhone 7 Cases Things Apple Watch Can Do Android Galaxy S7 20 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals 5 Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases 8 Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors 8 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors 18 Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals 5 Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2016] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch Review Travis Pope11/13/2016 Windows PC maker Lenovo likes to take chances on new form factors and ideas. It’s able to do that because of its stable of established hardware designs. Take the Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch for example. You’d never know that aluminum-clad machine isn’t a regular notebook by just glancing at it. Advertisement The Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch is more than a notebook, though. It gets its “Yoga” designation thanks to two hinges that allow its display to lay flat on its back. Even if the idea isn’t fresh and new, the high-end feel of the machine is. Add in some upgraded Intel hardware and a fingerprint reader and you’ve got a machine that handles well and looks nice for a perfectly reasonable $829.99. Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch Review: Design & Internals Lenovo makes a lot of notebooks besides the Lenovo Yoga 710 15-inch. Almost none of them are as attractive and elegant looking. Advertisement The notebook’s cover and body are all sculpted pieces of aluminum. Mixed in with all of this slick black surface area are silver accents that glisten in the sunlight. These silver edges run around the 15.6-inch display. They run around the perimeter of the keyboard deck, too. Their smartest use is as visual markers for where you should place your finger when using the touchpad and the fingerprint reader. Despite being a fingerprint magnet, the aluminum looks nice. Advertisement Lenovo calls this color, Black Pearl, which is fitting, I suppose. Priced at $849, the company is hoping that this notebook will appeal to shoppers for whom design is just as important as how the hardware inside performs. To underscore that further, the machine comes equipped with JBL Stereo speakers and an NVIDIA 940MX graphics card with 2GB of dedicated RAM. The keyboard also has backlighting, which is something usually left out of less costly machines. The Yoga 710 15-inch is attractive and stunning, but it’s not light. It weighs 4.41 pounds. That’s definitely a minus for anyone that’s trying to use it as a tablet mainly. Of course, I doubt those users would be in the market for something with a 15.6-inch display anyway. On the positive side, the machine is relatively thin for a 15-inch notebook. From front cover to back cover, the Yoga 710 15-Inch notebook measures just 0.71-inches. Gotta Be Mobile’s review unit of the Yoga 710 15-Inch came loaded with a 7th Generation Intel Core i5 Mobile processor and Intel HD Graphics 620. It also had an NVIDIA GeForce 940 MX graphics card with 2GB of dedicated memory. There was 8GB of RAM and 256GB of solid state storage. Every one of the machines comes with 802.11AC wireless technology and Bluetooth 4.0. Everyone gets a 720P web camera, 2 full-size USB 3.0 ports, micro-HDMI, a media card reader and a headset jack too. Advertisement The media card reader, headset jack and power plug all sit on the left edge. The other ports are aligned on the right with the side-facing power button. The power button is there for easy access in Tablet Mode. Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch Review: Performance & Experience The Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch’s claim to fame are those new internals and fingerprint reader. I’m happy to say that both are valid reasons to buy this notebook. The fingerprint reader is managed by Windows 10. By scanning your finger, you’re able to login to the PC without typing your password or PIN code. The fingerprint reader in the Yoga 710 worked well. It recognized my fingerprint every time. What’s more, it supports using multiple fingers. For the best experience, I programmed it with my entire right hand. Apps in the Windows Store make use of the fingerprint reader for logins too. I was worried that I wouldn’t be able to rely on the fingerprint reader because I switch in and out of tablet mode regularly. Luckily, the fingerprint reader is in the perfect position for both form factors. It stays on in Tablet Mode despite the keyboard being disabled. Advertisement It’s also worth pointing out that Lenovo has ditched the usual touch-sensitive Windows button below the display in this device. Though tapping on the on-screen Windows button may take some adjusting to, the company is right to do so. I always managed to accidentally trigger the touch-sensitive button when handling older Yoga devices in portrait mode. Intel’s 7th Generation Core i5 processor allows the Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch to run mostly quietly and eek out 8-hours of battery life from its internal battery. I never once felt like the notebook was struggling with a task I gave it. Photo editing and splicing together a few short video clips went well. Web browsing and using Windows 10 felt effortless. When people see or hear NVIDIA GeForce, they think gaming. While the Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch wasn’t explicitly designed with gaming activity in mind, the latest games run on the system. Users just have to keep them tuned down to their minimum settings because there’s only 2GB of dedicated video RAM. Less demanding games like Minecraft and the casual stuff in the Windows Store run just fine. Expect lots of fan noise and heat. Don’t look for anything above 30 frames per second in high-end games either. Advertisement   Windows 2-in-1s designed to be notebooks first have to get heat management right. You don’t want to hear a fan when you’re snuggled up to your tablet trying to watch a movie. You certainly don’t want hot air from its processor spilling onto your hand as you hold it to read either. Neither are an issue for this notebook. Unless it’s really being pushed, the fan is silent and the notebook stays very cool. A tight hinge ensures that the Yoga 710 15-inch doesn’t fall prey to a problem that’s ruined a few other devices in its category. Only when you tap the screen pretty high up in Notebook Mode do you get a lot of screen wobble. You’ll struggle a little against the hinge the first time you turn it into a tablet, but it’s not too tight. Some of the design decisions that make it a look like an unassuming notebook also make it feel pretty awkward one you hold it in Tablet Mode. That curved edge below the screen is one of those things. With this design, such compromises are necessary. It’s  a notebook first and tablet second. The JBL speakers and spacious 15.6-inch display on this machine make it a video watching powerhouse. For devices that are meant to be used outside of a corporate environment, Lenovo usually goes with a glossy display that makes colors look vibrant and pop. It has done that here to great effect. The display’s brightness is going to take some people time to get used to, though. At 50% it’s sometimes not capable of withstanding the screen glare its glossy display cover creates. At minimum, you’re going to want to keep this machine at 75% brightness. Sadly, that’s going to eat into that promised and totally obtainable 8 hours of battery life. Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch Review: Specifications Processor & Graphics Intel 7th Generation Core i5-7200U Mobile Processor, Intel HD Graphics 620, NVIDIA GeForce 940MX with 2GB of dedicated RAM Memory & Storage 8GB of RAM, 256GB of Solid State Storage Display 15.6-inch 1920 x 1080p IPS Display Ports & Extras Bluetooth 4.0, 802.11 AC Wireless, Backlit Keyboard,2 JBL Speakers, 2 USB 3.0 Ports, 1 micro-HDMI port, 720p web camera, card reader, headset jack, fingerprint reader Battery Life 8 Hours Dimensions & Weight 14.13-inches x 9.57-inches x 0.71 inches, 4.41 pounds. Lenovo Yoga 710 15-Inch Review: Should You Buy? Lenovo revealed its first Yoga around the same time that Microsoft launched Windows 8. In that time, it’s slowly refreshed everything about them. The keyboards aren’t too shallow anymore. Power button placement has improved. More importantly, Intel has managed to create processors that get rid of unwanted fan noise and excessive heat. There’s nothing so wrong with the Lenovo Yoga 710 15-inch that you shouldn’t buy it. It’s taken some time, but the company is hitting a decent stride with this line of devices. The notebook does have a tad too much screen for shoppers that are going to use it in Tablet Mode often, but that speaks more about buyers than the device itself. The Lenovo Yoga 710 15-inch is a well-functioning, well designed Windows 10 notebook. One Response 01/01/2017 Baris Reply I have an i7 with 16GB of RAM. With all current drivers and bios this laptop still has a fan noise problem. Even at moderate temperatures of 40-45C, the fan is noisy. This problem is compounded by the placement of dual array microphones which face directly against the fan exhaust at a distance of about 1cm, making any sort of video conferencing impossible. As of 2/1/2017 there is no solution. There is a thread on this issue on the Lenovo forums; https://forums.lenovo.com/t5/Lenovo-Yoga-Series-Notebooks/Yoga-710-Constant-Fan-Noise-even-when-idle/td-p/3354501 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website 27 Best iPhone 7 Cases 01/12/2017 Samsung Galaxy Marshmallow Update Info (2017) 01/11/2017
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest One of the best laptops we've tested is turning into a tablet A thinner, lighter, flippier Dell XPS 13 Post to Facebook One of the best laptops we've tested is turning into a tablet A thinner, lighter, flippier Dell XPS 13  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2hPNyDa {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors One of the best laptops we've tested is turning into a tablet Brendan G Nystedt , Reviewed.com 6:14 p.m. ET Jan. 3, 2017 577 Shares The new 2-in-1 Dell XPS 13  (Photo: Dell) Dell's XPS 13 is one of the best laptops we've ever used here at Reviewed.com, and we've thrown plenty of awards its way. For 2017, Dell's taken most of its awesome ultrabook formula and flipped it on its head. The new Dell XPS 13 2-in-1 keeps most of what we love about the standard XPS 13 and added hinges that let you use it in tablet modes. Dell's kept the distinctive, beautiful design and signature InfinityEdge display. This Dell's gotten even thinner, thanks in part to a change to 7th generation Intel Y-series chips. Even though this XPS 13 looks a lot like the previous incarnations, you'll lose out on a bit of power due to the different proccessor. Dell claims that these notebooks will keep up with their older, 2016 6th generation-based XPS 13, but we'll have to try it to be absolutely certain. This downgraded processor will, at the very least, put the XPS 13 2-in-1 behind the awesome new HP Spectre X360 for power, but in the real world it might not matter much. The XPS 13 2-in-1 looks mostly like the normal XPS 13, but it has a Windows Hello camera, 360-degree hinges, and even digital pen support.  (Photo: Dell) The upside of a Y-based processor is that it allows the new XPS 13 2-in-1 to go commpletely fanless, making it utterly silent at all times. Other than the 360-degree hinges and ultra mobile processor, the XPS 13 2-in-1 also breaks from its predecessors by only including 2 USB-C ports. Thankfully, one of the ports is also fully compliant with Thunderbolt 3, so it's also a do-it-all high-speed port for all kinds of devices. A USB-C to USB adapter is included with the device in the box. Intel Y-series chips will make this thin XPS slower, but we'll have to try to see if it impacts usability. Though the keyboard and trackpad are both carried over from the original flavor XPS 13, Dell's added in Active Pen compatibility, making the XPS 2-in-1 ready for doodles and notetaking. XPS lovers who appreciated the SD card slot need not apply, as Dell's ditched it in this model. There is also a standard Windows Hello-compatible webcam, which has been moved from the lefthand corner of the device to the center, making it just a little less awkward than the old setup. All in all, it sounds like Dell's taken most of the things we love about the XPS 13 and turned it into an appealing tablet. Though the changes and omissions will irritate those who love the current design, they were done to make the device better when used in tent or tablet modes. The new XPS 13 2-in-1 is competitively priced, starting at just $999 and shipping later this month. If you don't need the flippy hinges Dell's included in this version, the standard ultrabook XPS 13 will continue to be sold alongside the 2-in-1. Get the latest deals, news and reviews from Reviewed.com Email Address Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hPNyDa Most Popular Score a 55-inch Samsung 4K TV for $550 1.1k Shares This sleek, ultra-thin laptop is just $500 272 Shares All the ways to connect your kitchen and laundry room to Alexa 91 Shares Upgrade your living room with a $100 wireless soundbar 301 Shares This Samsung 55-inch 4K smart TV is only $500 245 Shares Remember the new year with $250 off a Canon camera bundle 133 Shares
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 January 20174 January 2017 by E FUN Adds to Its Line of Nextbook Ares Android Tablets WEST COVINA, Calif., Jan. 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — E FUN, a leading designer and manufacturer of mobile lifestyle products, will be introducing two new models to its line of Nextbook Ares Android tablets during CES 2017: the Ares 12 Flip 2-in-1 and the Ares 8A. Both are Bluetooth and Wi-Fi enabled and come with many favorite apps preloaded. “Android is now the most popular OS for portable devices,” remarked Jason Liszewski, E FUN managing director and VP of sales. “These two new Nextbook Ares tablets make excellent use of all that the Android OS has to offer. One of which is access to the Google Play Store and its myriad selections of apps, movies, music, books, and more. It’s just one of the reasons – along with some pretty impressive features – why the Ares 12 Flip and Ares 8A are perfect for multitaskers of any age.” Nextbook Ares 12 Flip The new multi-function, affordable E FUN Nextbook Ares 12 Flip 2-in-1 Android tablet is an ideal selection for professionals, students, and casual users. As a tablet, its sizeable 12.2″ 1920 x 1200 high-resolution IPS touchscreen is the perfect size and image quality for a variety of activities from watching videos to playing games, checking out favorite web sites, and being actively engaged in social media. Then, when it’s time to get down to work, attach the full-sized, Pogo-pin keyboard and start typing away. The Ares 12 Flip 2-in-1 tablet features an Intel® Atom™ quad-core processor, an Intel GEN8 graphics processor, and the Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. It comes with 64GB of internal memory that can be expanded to 128GB with the microSD card slot. With its Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0 support, the unit can easily be used around the house, around town, or even around the world. A rechargeable Lithium Ion battery provides up to eight hours of power when fully charged. Other features include 2MP front and 5MP rear cameras, a micro HDMI port, and a 3-axis G-sensor for game players. Availability The Nextbook Ares 12 Flip 2-in-1 Android tablet will be available for shipping beginning in Q2 2017. Nextbook Ares 8A The new Nextbook Ares 8A Android tablet is designed to keep users entertained, informed, and connected. Its 8″ 1280 x 800 IPS touchscreen and 16:10 aspect ratio assure easy operation and crisp, sharp high-definition images. Built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth capabilities provide easy Internet access from practically anywhere. With 16GB of internal memory and additional storage via a microUSB port and an up to 128GB-capacity microSD slot, there’s plenty of room to store photos and videos captured with either the unit’s built-in 0.3MP front or 2MP rear-facing cameras. Fast, smooth performance is assured by its Android 6.0 Marshmallow operating system. The Ares 8A’s Intel Atom quad-core processor lets users play games or stream videos smoothly and quickly. A built-in micro HDMI port allows videos, streaming content, and other high-definition material to be shown on any compatible TV. A rechargeable Lithium Ion battery provides up to eight hours of battery life. Availability The Nextbook Ares 8A Android tablet will be available for shipping in Q1 2017. Both Models An excellent selection of apps is preloaded on both models. The Barnes and Noble NOOK app is a digital bridge to the wonderful world of reading, while the VUDU Movies and TV app provides instant access to hours of great movies and TV shows. Local movie schedules can be found at the Flixster app while Net Nanny assures the young ones are watching age-appropriate shows. Additionally, with the Google Play Store, users have literally thousands of choices from the latest video games – made even more exciting with the units’ 3-axis G-sensors – as well as all of the popular social media sites. Both the Ares 12 Flip and Ares 8A tablets support the following A/V formats: Video: MPEG4, H.263, H.264, WMV, and more Music: MP3, WAV, OGG, FLAC, APE, AAC, and others Photo: JPEG, BMP, GIF, PNG, and more For more information regarding either of these new Nextbook Ares tablets, visit www.nextbookusa.com. About E FUN E FUN, a designer and marketer of mobile lifestyle products, entered the North American market in late 2010. Since then, E FUN has grown to be one of the leading tablet brands at retail, achieving top five market share by volume in 2016. Its ongoing product innovation and partnerships set E FUN apart from competitors and provide customers with unique out of the box experiences. Its product offerings include Android and Windows tablets. E FUN is headquartered in West Covina, California. For additional information regarding E FUN’s Nextbook tablets, visit www.nextbookusa.com. PR Contact: Rita Lee Copernio (714) 891-3660 efun@copernio.com All products/services and trademarks mentioned in this release are the properties of their respective companies. © 2017 E FUN. All rights reserved. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/e-fun-adds-to-its-line-of-nextbook-ares-android-tablets-300385061.html SOURCE E FUN Tagsbattery, front, unit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Zweig Fund, Inc. Declares Supplemental Distribution And Discloses Sources Of Distribution – Section 19(a) Notice Next PostNext Global Home Medical Equipment Technologies Market Analysis & Trends – Industry Forecast to 2025 Search Search for: Search Submit the press release now! Recent Posts Sammy Networks comienza a distribuir el “Ramen Soul”, la versión en inglés de su popular juego de gestión de restaurantes de ramen, “Ramen Tamashii” para teléfonos inteligentes que ya lleva más de 5 millones de descargas 16 January 2017 Sammy Networks annonce la sortie de « Ramen Soul », la version anglaise de son populaire jeu de gestion de restaurant de nouilles ramen pour smartphone, « Ramen Tamashii », téléchargé plus de cinq millions de fois 16 January 2017 The Pat Summitt Clinic to Advance Alzheimer's Care; Honor Legendary Coach 16 January 2017 Minister Dominic LeBlanc's statement regarding the vessel ARCA 1 16 January 2017 MYANMAR PHARMA: MiTA Myanmar Pharma Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 MYANMAR RENEWABLE ENERGY: MiTA Myanmar Solar Energy Exhibition and Conference in Yangon @ YgTF, 24-26 Feb 2017 16 January 2017 Mobissue Flipbook Software: Safer and More Secure Digital Publishing Solution 16 January 2017 Китайский магнат Ван Цзяньлинь продемонстрировал свои таланты рок-исполнителя в духе впечатляющей трансформации Wangda Group в развлекательный конгломерат 16 January 2017 Chinas Entertainment-Tycoon Wang Jianlin zeigt, dass sein Rockstartalent zur Unternehmenstransformation der Wanda Group in Richtung Unterhaltung, Tourismus und Sport passt 16 January 2017 Washington University in St. Louis to Host Major Forum on Aging; Gathering in Shanghai Brings Together Greater China University Research Partners to Address Unprecedented Global Social Challenge 16 January 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: ASUS Chromebook Flip 2 finally goes official for the price of $499 Newsby John Callaham2 weeks ago 3 359 6 This post originally appeared on our sister site, TabTimes. After leaking on online retailers a number of days ago and even showing up in an unofficial unboxing video, the ASUS Chromebook Flip 2 has finally been officially announced. The 2-in-1 convertible is priced at $499. See also: How to run Android apps on your Chromebook July 14, 2016 As with the original Chromebook Flip, the 2.65-pound Flip 2 has a display that can move 360 degrees so that the Chromebook can be used more like a touchscreen tablet. The 12.5-inch screen has a 1080p resolution, along with an Intel 6th generation Intel Core m3 processor, 4GB of RAM that can be upgraded to 8GB, and 128GB of onboard storage.  Oddly enough, the version of the Chromebook Flip 2 that was featured in the unboxing video was only supposed to have 32GB of storage. It’s possible ASUS may be selling another version of the same Chromebook with a smaller amount of storage space. Hopefully we will get confirmation on that soon. The ASUS Chromebook Flip 2 also has two USB Type-C ports that can be used for charging up other devices along with transferring data. It also has a microSD card reader, a 3.5mm headphone jack and a battery that’s supposed to last up to 10 hours on a single charge. All in all, this seems like a decent notebook for the money, especially if you are a Chrome OS fan. News ASUS, CES 2017, asus chromebook flip 2 ASUS, asus chromebook flip 2, CES 2017  ASUS John Callaham Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 3 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 9 hours ago24 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Atlassian acquires Trello – business as usual… but better 10 minutes ago   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 3 hours ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 6 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 8 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 9 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Amazon asks the FCC for permission to run secret wireless tests Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is stepping down The Engadget Podcast Ep 24: The Biggest Lie CES 2017 Everything you need to know from the biggest tech show on Earth See all articles Latest in Gear Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 1h ago View China tells app stores to register with the government 5h ago View Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was 8h ago View Ben Heck's Xbox One S laptop 9h ago View Image credit: save Save share Intel invests in Nokia's old mapping division To build a new high-definition mapping platform for self-driving cars. Daniel Cooper, @danielwcooper 01.03.17 in Business Comments 1012 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Intel has announced that it's buying a 15 percent stake in Here, the mapping company that was spun out of Nokia, for an undisclosed fee. The chipmaker has also revealed that the pair will work together to build a new high-definition mapping platform for self-driving cars. Since the rest of Here is owned by the German car industry, it's not hard to see who might be interested in using that sort of technology. Here was one of Nokia's last remaining jewels as the Finnish phone maker gradually atrophied on the way to Microsoft's disastrous buyout. It was put up for sale in 2015, with Uber rumored to be the most likely destination for the business. But in the end, a consortium representing Germany's car industry spent around $3.07 billion to secure the company for their navigation systems. Here CEO Ed Overbeek explains that the pair will develop a "real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world." That means being able to update maps with the latest data and use computer vision to identify potential obstacles and warn other cars nearby. Speaking of which, MobilEye, the computer vision company that, until recently, supplied sensors for Tesla's Autopilot, is a big friend of both Intel and Here. MobilEye is a partner with Intel in its own self-driving technology consortium, and also has a deal with Here to build a plug-and-play self-driving car platform for the auto industry. As the PC market dwindles and mobile computing takes over, Intel needs to move in a new direction to remain relevant, and profitable. The company is dipping a toe into wearables, the internet of things and other arenas where its expertise and cash reserves could prove valuable. Intel is clearly hoping that Here can become a key component of our self-driving future, as well as smart homes. Source: Intel In this article: 2017, business, CES, CES2017, gear, Here, intel, Investment, nokia 1012 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Robots Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 The country has approved its first UAV test range ahead of a launch this year. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  5h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Internet Facebook tests fake news filtering outside of the US A trial run in Germany could influence an election and keep Facebook out of trouble. By J. Fingas,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
CPUs GRAPHICS MOTHERBOARDS CASES & POWER STORAGE MOBILE GAMING FORUMS JOBS MORE... NEWS BREADBOX PODCASTS BLOGS SYSTEMS MULTIMEDIA MISCELLANY ARCHIVE ABOUT US Customize The Tech Report... Apply Cancel Log in Most commented stories • In the lab: Intel's Core i3-7350K CPU [135] • Consumer Reports retests MacBook Pro after a talk with Apple [110] • Kaby Lake Pentiums gain Hyper-Threading and lose ECC support [87] • Rumor: AMD Ryzen CPUs to launch before March 3 [74] Hot forum threads • Rogue One • Dying router, suggestions to replace? • Putting old monitors to use • Odd Laptop Networking Failure Asus lays its hand of high-end Z270 motherboards on the table by Wayne Manion  3:22 PM on January 3, 2017 Intel's Kaby Lake seventh-generation processors may not offer a huge leap over the previous-generation Skylake chips, but they're a big release nonetheless. The fine people at Asus have created a number of new motherboards based on the range-topping Z270 desktop chipset. The company's Edge Up blog has a detailed report on what to expect from the new motherboards. The biggest difference between Z170 and Z270 is an increase in front-side I/O lanes from 26 to 30. This bump doesn't affect SLI or Crossfire configurations in any way. Using an M.2 PCIe x4 device on the Z170 platform often resulted in the disappearance of two SATA ports. The increased number of I/O lanes on Z270 may let mobo makers remove this limitation. System builders interested in high performance at a low cost will probably be most interested in Asus' Prime Z270-A. The motherboard would have been considered full-featured just a few product cycles ago. The board has a pair of M.2 slots, four DDR4 memory slots, six SATA ports, and support for two-way SLI or CrossfireX. The TUF Z270 Mark 1 adds some little details, but the obvious difference is the addition of plastic plating all over the board. Open-air chassis owners on a budget should probably look at this one. Asus sprinkles its magic on the ROG Strix Z270I Gaming to deliver a full-featured Mini-ITX-sized motherboard for gamers. The board gives up some PCIe slots and a pair of DDR4 memory slots compared to its larger siblings, but the integrated Intel 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 solution mitigates dropping those extra expansion options somewhat. The tight circuit design required by the Mini-ITX form factor means the Z270I Gaming can support higher memory speeds than its microATX and ATX siblings. The bigger boards do retain the integrated wireless card, however. The feature sets get a little crazier in the ROG motherboard series. The ROG Maximus IX Formula adds an EK-designed water block with 1/4" threads. The board also features an integrated I/O shield as an added convenience, or for those who forget to install them as they try to prepare a new system for its first gaming marathon. The ROG Maximum IX Apex eschews the second pair of DDR4 memory slots in an effort to shorten signal paths and achieve higher memory clocks. Indeed, the Apex is the only Asus model ready for DDR4 RAM at 4266 MT/s. Eagle-eyed readers will spot a third memory slot on the board. This DDR3-esque slot is designed to hold what Asus calls a DIMM.2 card. This riser board can hold a pair of M.2 storage devices, and allows users to strap a memory cooler to their storage devices. The Apex also adds a pair of PS/2 ports for times where disabling USB ports permits that last little bit of overclocking headroom. The range-topping ROG Maximus IX Extreme's most obvious feature is the integrated water block that cools the CPU and the VRMs. The block was designed in a joint effort between Asus and Bitspower. The water block has integrated RGB lighting and an optional heatsink to tie an M.2 drive into the water cooling party. The front panel connectors are angled for cleaner wiring. The rear I/O shield is integrated like the Formula model, but the icing on the cake is a set of LEDs inside the audio jacks that are color-coded by type to help making connections behind the case, or in the dark (like the older Xonar D2X sound card, for instance). The Extreme has a Thunderbolt 3 port on the back and a front-panel USB 3.1 connector, in addition to the usual bevy of USB 3.0 jacks. Asus' Z270 boards will hit a variety of price points from $169 and up. The ROG Maximus IX Formula has an MSRP of $390. The price of the ROG Maximus IX Extreme wasn't provided, but we'd expect it to go around or over $400.   Tags: Motherboards Gaming User name:  Password:  Remember me Register Tip: You can use the A/Z keys to walk threads. View options x Subscriber options: E-mail me when people reply to my comments Comment sorting order: Threaded, dynamic (default)New replies push comment threads to the top. Threaded, chronologicalComment threads started first appear at the top. Threaded, reverse-chronologicalComment threads started last appear at the top. Flat, chronologicalNo threading. Oldest comments shown first, bulletin-board style. Flat, reverse-chronologicalNo threading. Newest comments shown first. Processing... Saved! Loading... Cancel Remember me | Register Support TR! Subscribe now. Read TR's System Guide powered by Newegg LATEST STUFF Biostar's Z270 boards race to the finish 17 Google RAISR upsamples thumbnails for massive bandwidth savings 42 Synology RT2600ac offers up speedy Wi-Fi and tight controls 4 Deals of the week: a gaming monitor and system components 14 Nintendo reveals Switch launch date, pricing, and initial line-up 47 Consumer Reports approves MacBook Pros after retesting 37 Report: Desktop PC market shows signs of stabilization 9 Chnano RGB LED gloves put some flash on your fingers 42 Samsung Galaxy Note 7 pre-flight warnings to end 15 More stuff » TOP COMMENTS derFunkenstein So they should never have reported that they're getting poor, hugely-varying results and instead hide inconvenient facts for Apple's sake? +58 Losergamer04 Thanks for all of the hard work you put in at CES. That's a lot of articles in a... +44 Glorious They stuck to their methodology. The same methodology they use for all other lap... +42 bthylafh Now how about you quit advertising to me from within Windows? +39 NEW GALLERY ITEMS More pictures » Copyright ©1999-2017 The Tech Report. All rights reserved. About us | Privacy policy | Mailing list | Mobile
Intel CES 2017 press conference | CNET CNET Reviews Best Products CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET News Live Blog Intel CES 2017 press conference On Wednesday, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich will host a press conference all about virtual and so-called "merged" reality. comments0 facebook twitter linkedin googleplus moremore+ email tumblr stumble delicious reddit pinterest digg < Oldest 1 2 3 4 Newest > 3rd & 7 37yd 3rd & 7 37yd B S O close close - Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:47:30 PM Testing testing, how's everyone doing? Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:48:10 PM I'm doing well. I've got my Oculus, my big-ass computer and Intel-sanctioned barf bag in hand. How about you Ben? Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:48:16 PM Hey everybody! This is Ben Fox Rubin, senior reporter for CNET News. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:48:35 PM LOLOLOL! Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:49:00 PM Yeah, that's Ian Sherr, executive editor for CNET News, who will be livebloggin' with me here today. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:49:14 PM Also joined by James Martin, our ace photographer. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:49:54 PM So, the setup here is pretty wild. As Ian mentioned, we have VR headsets, laptops and BARF BAGS set up in front of us. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:50:21 PM We just got a tutorial on how to use the headsets and what to do if we feel queasy. Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:50:52 PM Take off your headset. Do not stand. Do not pass go. Do not barf on the carpet. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:51:36 PM BTW, livestream is expected to start in about 10 minutes, Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:52:57 PM In the mean time, if you want to pretend you're living the Intel CES life, turn on "Handiclap" by Fitz and the Tantrums and sit in a comfy chair with your VR headset, computer and barf bag in front of you. Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:55:09 PM If I'm counting right, there are 240 Oculus Rift setups near us. By the way, I can hear the fans and feel the heat from the laptops powering the VR headset behind me. Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:56:26 PM So I just realized that if I'm wearing a VR headset, I'll need to rely on touch typing to live-blog what's being said. So if you read a bunch of gibberish, I just fell off the home row. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:57:14 PM I'm testing out the Rift headset right now. Testing out the HTC Vive before, too. But Ian is the VR wizard between the two of us. Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:57:30 PM So Ian: How big a name is Intel in VR? Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:57:55 PM What pranks would you pull if you were Intel and had a room full of journalists in VR headsets? Ben Fox Rubin 1/4/2017 11:58:35 PM Looks like they made a nice splash with Project Alloy last year: Intel's Project Alloy does VR without pesky wires or controllersCNETDon't get too excited: it's just a reference design for PC partners, and they won't get it till late 2017. Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:59:02 PM Well, Intel is a big name insomuch as the company's chips are super important. If you listen to Oculus, one of the leaders in the field, VR is expected to kick off a major increasing in investment and technology. Same with Nvidia and AMD. Ian Sherr 1/4/2017 11:59:52 PM Of course, this assumes people will actually buy these things. All we know so far is that shipments are in the low millions after the industry's first holiday shopping season. That's not smartphone-level sales, but there isn't really anything else in tech that is. Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:00:34 AM BTW, Intel has moved on to "Can't Stop The Feeling" from Justin Timberlake. Just so you can replicate the true Intel CES experience at home. Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:00:43 AM Yeah, makes sense, 'cause some of this gear os expensive. Sean Hollister 1/5/2017 12:00:57 AM Intel's hoping that Project Alloy can be a reference design that lots of other PC makers choose to build their own VR headsets around, and they're working with Microsoft to make 'em play nice with Windows. Wouldn't be surprised if a couple of those other PC makers are on stage to show off their headsets. Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:01:08 AM Yeah, this song has been playing nonstop at the Rubin home since it was in the Trolls movie. Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:01:45 AM Oooooooooh snap! It's Sean Hollister, ANOTHER VR king at CNET. You're in good hands today, folks. Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:01:49 AM VR isn't just just expensive. There isn't enough compelling content. It's a chicken and egg problem. Can't get people to buy headsets without content, can't get companies to invest without sales, etc etc Sean Hollister 1/5/2017 12:02:40 AM It's why the big VR companies are funding content... which kind of inflates the industry, makes VR seem bigger than it actually is. Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:02:53 AM There are some breakout hits in VR, don't get me wrong. But none that my father knows. And like it or not, if VR is going to become the next computing platform, as people like Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg say it will be, then you're gonna need to get my father calling me to ask about it. Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:02:56 AM Additionally, from my understanding, many tech companies see AR as the bigger market, with VR being the early development field. James Martin 1/5/2017 12:03:25 AM James Martin 1/5/2017 12:03:55 AM James Martin 1/5/2017 12:03:56 AM Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:04:05 AM You're correct Ben. By 2020, AR is supposed to be WAYYYYY bigger than VR. And it makes sense because if those Hololens specs from MSFT do well, then yeah, they may just replace my glasses. Maybe we'll ditch screens all together and they'll just float in space, layered on the real world by our headsets. Sean Hollister 1/5/2017 12:04:25 AM The dad test is great. The grandma test is when you really know you've made it. At least these days I can put VR on my grandma and she'll like it. Doesn't call me asking for one, though. Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:04:37 AM But there are a LOT of assumptions that go into that actually happening. But the tech industry is definitely enthusiastic and excited about this tech. Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:05:23 AM I've seen a lot of grandparents in these things. They treat it like an amusement park ride. They'll try a few times, but they won't buy their own. Sean Hollister 1/5/2017 12:05:57 AM I'm just worried (worried, because I love VR) that companies like Intel might dumb it down. Intel told me they're going to have lower-end, good-enough VR running on the integrated graphics inside their processors. Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:05:59 AM At least that's the approach now. It could change. That's what Intel, MSFT, GOOG, FB, Samsung, HTC, Valve, Sony and SoooooOOOOoooo many other tech companies are hoping. Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:06:14 AM So, we're getting close to starting off. Worth noting, this is also a departure from past years for Intel. Prior Intel presentations at CES have pulled together a bunch of topics, including drones, robots, smart home and diversity. This one should be heavily VR focused instead. Sean Hollister 1/5/2017 12:06:23 AM But if people come try VR and it doesn't blow them away because Intel's integrated graphics don't create an immersive enough environment... do they dismiss it as a fad, like 3D? Ian Sherr 1/5/2017 12:06:24 AM Intel says this is the most technically complex event it's ever held (more so than the dancing drones on stage that follow you around?). Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:07:12 AM And Brian Krzanich, Intel CEO, is taking the stage. Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:07:36 AM "This is going to be fun. Much more fun than our normal keynote or other press event." --Krzanich James Martin 1/5/2017 12:07:48 AM Ben Fox Rubin 1/5/2017 12:08:10 AM "Technology today, we believe, is extending far beyond" traditional consumer electronics and moving into many more areas. James Martin 1/5/2017 12:08:15 AM < Oldest 1 2 3 4 Newest > Powered by ScribbleLive Content Marketing Software Platform This week on CNET News See all Nintendo's Fils-Aime: The Switch won't oust the 3DS Gaming Twitter-verse grapples with Trump's tweets on civil rights icon Tech Culture PBS Kids, with a new channel, turns to tech old and new Digital Media FCC chairman warns against hasty net neutrality repeal Internet Tour the White House with Obama in VR Digital Media CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Intel Buying 15% Stake in Here, German Auto Makers’ Digital-Map Venture – Wall Street Journal Posted on January 3, 2017 by Wall Street Journal Intel Corp. is acquiring a 15% stake in Here International B.V. for an undisclosed sum, joining the digital mapmaker’s core shareholders BMW AG, Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG’s Audi unit in developing navigation technology for self-driving cars. Intel … Intel confirms 15% stake in mapping business Here to work on autonomous car techTechCrunch Intel invests in Here to create precise maps for autonomous carsThe Verge Why Intel Wants a Piece of Mapping App HEREFortune ZDNet -Engadget -Investor’s Business Daily -Business Wire (press release) all 27 news articles …read more wrote 24921 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Aireon Announces Successful First Launch For Space-Based ADS-B Network – Yahoo Finance Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
Toggle navigation Toggle search All your technology ... Menu Skip to content Home News About Us Contact US Privacy Search: All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Intel confirms 15% stake in mapping business Here to work on autonomous car tech – TechCrunch Posted on January 3, 2017 by TechCrunch Here, the mapping and location services company once owned by Nokia and sold for €2.5 billion to a car-maker consortium of Audi, BMW and Daimler in 2015, is picking up a new investor today. Chipmaker Intel has confirmed that it is taking a 15 percent … Why Intel Wants a Piece of Mapping App HEREFortune Intel invests in Nokia’s old mapping divisionEngadget Intel to take stake in German mapping firm HERE in automated driving pushReuters VentureBeat -OregonLive.com -Metro.us all 28 news articles …read more wrote 24921 posts Post navigation ← Older Newer → All your technology news in one place! News from Apple, Google, Microsoft and more! Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 July 2014 June 2014 Recent News Samsung Reportedly Just Revealed Why Its Note 7s Kept Catching Fire – Fortune ANALYSIS-China, Europe drive shift to electric cars as U.S. lags – Nasdaq Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader – Business Insider After Government Threatens Fines, Facebook Will Test Out Fake News Filtering in Germany – Gizmodo Aireon Announces Successful First Launch For Space-Based ADS-B Network – Yahoo Finance Subscribe to our Newsletter Email * © 2017 All your technology news in one place! - Powered by WordPress - Melany theme by deshack
  Create an account | Login: | Lost password AfterDawn | News | Guides | Software downloads | Tech Support | Forums Home News News search Recent headlines | Samsung and Apple to fight once more in Court of Appeals AfterDawn > News > Intel finally unveiled desktop Kaby Lake processors Intel finally unveiled desktop Kaby Lake processors Written by Matti Vähäkainu (Google+) @ 03 Jan 2017 14:27 User comments (1) Intel has today unveiled their seventh generation Core processors for desktop computers. Codename Kaby Lake is heavily based on the previous generation and bring only slight performance boosts but there are some improvements. Intel announced the first Kaby Lake chips back in August last year. However, those were only for ultra portable laptops, and PC builders have been craving for new chips ever since. Unfortunately most of the updates are to 4K video processing and VR applications so you won't see huge boosts over for example the gaming performance on Skylake. The newly announced chips include Series H for performance laptops, Series S for traditional desktop computers, Series T for low-power usage, and Series K for overclockers. The flagship model is the i7-7700K which costs $339 but you also have first ever unlocked and overclocking-ready Core i3 at $169 with the i3-7350K. Even though there are gradual performance increases compared to the 6th generation Core processors one can easily skip this generation unless looking for specifically increases in 4K video processing. One good thing about the new processors is that they support LGA 1151 which makes upgrading from previous generation easier and more cost-effective. The desktop processors should hit the stores in Q1, perhaps as early as late January. Tweet Tags: Intel Kaby Lake <Need to get kids to bed early on New Year's Eve? Netflix has you covered >LG unveils a 2.57 mm thin OLED TV, calls it "Wallpaper" Previous Next Write a comment 1 user comment 17.1.2017 12:16 KillerBug Send private message to this user AfterDawn Addict It sure is nice of Intel to not release anything to compete with Ryzen...or even to release something to give people a reason to upgrade from older Intel chips. They clearly care about our wallets and don't want us to have to give them any of our money. Comment this article Create a new account or log in Latest news Samsung and Apple to fight once more in Court of Appeals (14 Jan 2017 14:20) Remember six years ago when Apple and Samsung were in court because of the claims that Samsung had copied iPhone's design and thus infringed on Apple's patents. Well, that case is still ongoing .... More information, game footage, and price details on Nintendo's new Switch gaming console (13 Jan 2017 13:52) Nintendo has today announced new details on its newest gaming machine Switch. In a press conference earlier today the company gave us the pricing, release timeline, and some game footage. .... PC sales continues the decline of five years (13 Jan 2017 13:04) The inevitable decline of personal computer, as it was designed, has been documented in recent years. The so-called post PC era, predicted by the likes of Steve Jobs and Bill Gates, might not .... 5 user comments Alphabet axed the internet sharing drone, balloon still alive (12 Jan 2017 12:05) Google has been trying to reach more customers in a time when growth comes largely from new internet users. This means that one way to get customers is to offer internet connection to people .... A video reveals two iPhone prototypes with competing operating systems (12 Jan 2017 11:38) It's been ten years since the iPhone was unveiled by Steve Jobs. Sparking the smartphone revolution the iPhone was essentially the same thing it is today. Just a big touchscreen with apps. .... 1 user comment Latest user comments PC sales continues the decline of five yearssupersaiyaman @ 15 Jan 2017 22:02 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsKillerBug @ 15 Jan 2017 11:19 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsmukhis @ 14 Jan 2017 22:33 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsskeil909 @ 14 Jan 2017 13:45 PC sales continues the decline of five yearsmukhis @ 14 Jan 2017 10:55 FIFA 17 pushing 'gay propaganda', Russian MPs claimdefgod @ 13 Jan 2017 0:23 FIFA 17 pushing 'gay propaganda', Russian MPs claimKillerBug @ 12 Jan 2017 1:21 FIFA 17 pushing 'gay propaganda', Russian MPs claimBozobub @ 10 Jan 2017 23:28 Show more user comments News archive - Choose a month - January, 2017 December, 2016 November, 2016 October, 2016 September, 2016 August, 2016 July, 2016 June, 2016 May, 2016 April, 2016 March, 2016 February, 2016 January, 2016 December, 2015 November, 2015 October, 2015 September, 2015 August, 2015 July, 2015 June, 2015 May, 2015 April, 2015 March, 2015 February, 2015 January, 2015 December, 2014 November, 2014 October, 2014 September, 2014 August, 2014 July, 2014 June, 2014 May, 2014 April, 2014 March, 2014 February, 2014 January, 2014 December, 2013 November, 2013 October, 2013 September, 2013 August, 2013 July, 2013 June, 2013 May, 2013 April, 2013 March, 2013 February, 2013 January, 2013 December, 2012 November, 2012 October, 2012 September, 2012 August, 2012 July, 2012 June, 2012 May, 2012 April, 2012 March, 2012 February, 2012 January, 2012 December, 2011 November, 2011 October, 2011 September, 2011 August, 2011 July, 2011 June, 2011 May, 2011 April, 2011 March, 2011 February, 2011 January, 2011 December, 2010 November, 2010 October, 2010 September, 2010 August, 2010 July, 2010 June, 2010 May, 2010 April, 2010 March, 2010 February, 2010 January, 2010 December, 2009 November, 2009 October, 2009 September, 2009 August, 2009 July, 2009 June, 2009 May, 2009 April, 2009 March, 2009 February, 2009 January, 2009 December, 2008 November, 2008 October, 2008 September, 2008 August, 2008 July, 2008 June, 2008 May, 2008 April, 2008 March, 2008 February, 2008 January, 2008 December, 2007 November, 2007 October, 2007 September, 2007 August, 2007 July, 2007 June, 2007 May, 2007 April, 2007 March, 2007 February, 2007 January, 2007 December, 2006 November, 2006 October, 2006 September, 2006 August, 2006 July, 2006 June, 2006 May, 2006 April, 2006 March, 2006 February, 2006 January, 2006 December, 2005 November, 2005 October, 2005 September, 2005 August, 2005 July, 2005 June, 2005 May, 2005 April, 2005 March, 2005 February, 2005 January, 2005 December, 2004 November, 2004 October, 2004 September, 2004 August, 2004 July, 2004 June, 2004 May, 2004 April, 2004 March, 2004 February, 2004 January, 2004 December, 2003 November, 2003 October, 2003 September, 2003 August, 2003 July, 2003 June, 2003 May, 2003 April, 2003 March, 2003 February, 2003 January, 2003 December, 2002 November, 2002 October, 2002 September, 2002 August, 2002 July, 2002 June, 2002 May, 2002 April, 2002 March, 2002 February, 2002 January, 2002 December, 2001 November, 2001 October, 2001 September, 2001 August, 2001 July, 2001 June, 2001 May, 2001 April, 2001 March, 2001 February, 2001 January, 2001 December, 2000 November, 2000 October, 2000 September, 2000 August, 2000 July, 2000 June, 2000 May, 2000 April, 2000 March, 2000 February, 2000 January, 2000 December, 1999 November, 1999 October, 1999 September, 1999 August, 1999 July, 1999 June, 1999 Subscribe Latest news via RSS Add to your Google homepage Add to My Yahoo! Add to MyMSN Add to Netvibes About us Advertising / Media kit Feedback Privacy policy & Terms of Use Sections: Tech News Guides and Tutorials Software Downloads Top Downloads Forums Glossary Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube RSS Feeds: Latest News Software Updates © 1999-2017 AfterDawn Oy. All rights reserved Back to Top ⇧
recommended reading Trump Acknowledges Russian Hacking, Points to Poor Defenses Here's Why Defense IT Firms Should Brace for Merger Mania 2017 Federal IT Trends Forecast DoD, IC and NGOs Can Now Maintain Connections—Even Lost Ones Nextgov TRENDING facebook twitter google plus rss Rudy Giuliani // Elaine Chao // DOD Acquisition Re-org // Hi-Def Earth // Trump’s Mean Tweets // Chief Innovation Officers News CIO Briefing Emerging Tech Cloud Cybersecurity Mobile Health Defense Big Data What You Missed Over the Holidays Orhan Cam/Shutterstock.com By Nextgov Staff January 3, 2017 NEXTGOV NEWSLETTER SUBSCRIBE related stories Why Is Obama Expanding Surveillance Powers Right Before He Leaves Office? Questions at the Senate Hearing on Russian Hacking Obama Just Made It Harder for Trump to Create a Muslim Registry Why Didn’t Obama Reveal Intel About Russia’s Influence on the Election? Share this on Facebook Tweet this on Twitter Share this on Google Plus Share this on LinkedIn Print this article Email this article Increase size In the last 24 hours, House Republicans unveiled a plan Monday to gut the Office of Congressional Ethics and then reversed its plans Tuesday—and that’s how the whole holiday season has been. While you plug back into work, here are the stories that catch you up and move you forward: That Russia Thing President Barack Obama on Dec. 29 announced sanctions against Russia for meddling in the U.S. presidential election, though the next day, President-elect Donald Trump praised Vladimir Putin for not retaliating. Trump has pledged to meet with the intelligence community this week. The Senate Armed Services Committee scheduled a hearing on Foreign Cyber Threats to the United States on Thursday. Paycheck Changes Obama on Dec. 27 issued an executive order implementing a 2.1 percent civilian pay raise to match the increase Congress gave military personnel in the defense authorization act. The pay rates take effect the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after Jan. 1, 2017. Here are the pay tables. Speaking of the Defense Authorization Bill… Obama on Dec. 23 signed the National Defense Authorization Act, retaining about 15,000 soldiers who were to be cut, adding about 8,000 troops and giving them a pay raise. Other provisions include: Elevating U.S. Cyber Command to a combatant command. Dividing the duties of the undersecretary of defense for acquisition, technology and logistics with a new undersecretary dedicated to research and engineering, who will serve as the department’s chief technology officer. Limiting funds available to the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental until the secretary submits a report to Congress on the group’s mission, management and how it supports the department. The president wasn’t happy about a few things, in particular organizational changes to the department and time limits for the administrative leave.   Changes to Bid Protests NDAA also changed the Government Accountability Office’s jurisdiction over Defense Department task orders. The act raised the threshold from $10 million to $25 million. The president also signed H.R. 5995, an act to restore and make permanent GAO’s authority to hear protests over civilian task orders worth $10 million. That authority lapsed Sept. 30. Texting Still Counts as Federal Records Environmental Protection Agency employees did not use text messages as a way to skirt the Federal Records Act, an EPA inspector general report concluded. The IG recommended the administrator and the EPA Office of Environmental Information need to address compliance with the Freedom of Information Act and record-keeping of responses to requests from Congress. Non-Russia Sanctions Cybersecurity News On Dec. 27, the Securities and Exchange Commission brought charges for the first time against traders who profited off hacked information stolen from law firms. The three traders, all Chinese citizens, earned more than $3 million off hacked information about client mergers and acquisitions stolen from two New York law firms, SEC said. The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe confirmed Dec. 28 it was the victim of a data breach. The hacker may have been a Russian government-linked hacking group dubbed “Fancy Bear,” which U.S. intelligence agencies say was also responsible for hacking Democratic political organizations. OSCE is monitoring a cease-fire in Ukraine. The Food and Drug Administration released Dec. 27 a final draft of guidance, urging manufacturers to “remain vigilant and continually address the cybersecurity risks of marketed medical devices.” China released Dec. 27 a national cybersecurity strategy promoting state sovereignty over the internet, a stance that troubles western nations and companies who fear a crackdown on privacy and a balkanization of the global internet. Those Airport Delays A outage of a Customs and Border Protection processing systems caused long lines and delays Monday evening at airports in Atlanta, Boston, San Francisco and Washington. The agency told NBC News the outage lasted 4 hours and does not appear to be a malicious incident. Heather Kuldell and Jospeh Marks contributed to this report. recommended for you Threatwatch Alert Thousands of cyber attacks occur each day See the latest threats ADD A COMMENT Remove Cloud IT “Blind Spots” with Application Visibility Data Analytics Bring Transportation Infrastructure into the Future Agile, OSS and Cloud Strengthen Government’s Mission This Database Can Help Government Transition FROM OUR SPONSORS sponsored Get Smart. Get The D Brief. Subscribe to Defense One's new national security newsletter. JOIN THE DISCUSSION By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Nextgov does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. PROMOTIONS eBook 2017 Federal IT Trends Forecast // At Nextgov, we partnered with Forrester Research to get its analysts’ take on what government technologies will be hot in 2017. Hint: Expect cyber, data and emerging technologies such as virtual reality to remain in the spotlight, while areas like customer service will see less momentum. eBook Customer Experience Focused: Why The Government Needs To Prioritize Customers // This eBook explores what government gets right and wrong in customer service, and how some agencies are putting customers first in an effort to better meet their missions. Nextgov Event: FITARA in Year Two See all coverage Underwritten by Dell FREE NEWSLETTERS Nextgov Today Health IT Route Fifty Today Research & Insights FITARA Forward see all blogs Nextgov Event: FITARA in Year Two Emerging Tech by Frank Konkel With Self-Driving Cars, the Future is Now Tech Insider by Shawn DuBravac Don’t Want a Robot to Steal Your Job? Be Creative Wired Workplace by Alice Bonasio sponsored links Don’t miss the world’s leading infosec event Join RSA Conference 2017, Feb. 13–17 in San Francisco. Access 555+ sessions, 550 exhibitors. Register by Jan. 13 and save $700. Register now >> www.rsaconference.com Nextgov About Contact Us Events Advertise List Rentals Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions GovExec Defense One Route Fifty Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2017 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from Nextgov   Next Story   × Get top federal technology stories and news alerts in your inbox. Sign up for Nextgov Today My email is ... I work for ... --select-- Military Federal Government State/Local Government Contractor Private Sector Retired Yes, Nextgov can email me on behalf of carefully selected companies and organizations. Sign up View Privacy Policy Thank you. Help us tailor content specifically for you: Full Name Agency/Department --select-- Air Force Army Coast Guard Navy Marines Department of Agriculture Department of Commerce Department of Education Department of Energy EPA Executive Office of the President/Vice President GSA Department of Defense Department of HHS Department of Homeland Security Department of HUD Department of Interior Judiciary Branch Office of the Secretary of Defense Department of Justice Department of Labor Legislative Branch NASA OMB OPM SSA Department of State Department of Transportation Department of Treasury USPS Department of Veterans Affairs Other Agency Government Association County Municipal Higher Education K-12 Education Special District State Job Function --select-- Agency Leadership Business & Operations Technology Management Financial/Contract Management Human Resource Management Sales & Marketing Other Phone number Zip code Submit View Privacy Policy Thank you for subscribing to newsletters from Nextgov.com. We think these reports might interest you: It’s Time for the Federal Government to Embrace Wireless and Mobility The United States has turned a corner on the adoption of mobile phones, tablets and other smart devices, outpacing traditional desktop and laptop sales by a wide margin. This issue brief discusses the state of wireless and mobility in federal government and outlines why now is the time to embrace these technologies in government. Download Featured Content from RSA Conference: Dissed by NIST Learn more about the latest draft of the U.S. National Institute of Standards and Technology guidance document on authentication and lifecycle management. Download A New Security Architecture for Federal Networks Federal government networks are under constant attack, and the number of those attacks is increasing. This issue brief discusses today's threats and a new model for the future. Download Going Agile:Revolutionizing Federal Digital Services Delivery Here’s one indication that times have changed: Harriet Tubman is going to be the next face of the twenty dollar bill. Another sign of change? The way in which the federal government arrived at that decision. Download Software-Defined Networking So many demands are being placed on federal information technology networks, which must handle vast amounts of data, accommodate voice and video, and cope with a multitude of highly connected devices while keeping government information secure from cyber threats. This issue brief discusses the state of SDN in the federal government and the path forward. Download The New IP: Moving Government Agencies Toward the Network of The Future Federal IT managers are looking to modernize legacy network infrastructures that are taxed by growing demands from mobile devices, video, vast amounts of data, and more. This issue brief discusses the federal government network landscape, as well as market, financial force drivers for network modernization. Download When you download a report, your information may be shared with the underwriters of that document. Finished Privacy Policy
RSS Youtube Linkedin Find us on Google+ Twitter Facebook   MOBILE CLOUD SECURITY STORAGE ENTERPRISE APPS INNOVATION Android   Apple   IT Management   Networking   More     Slide Shows   Video   Blogs   Research Center   Sponsored Content Small Business Virtualization Database Developer PC Hardware Servers eWEEKChat eWEEK at 30 Big Data Analytics Cloud Backup Next Generation Firewall     Storage   /   Intel's Upcoming Optane Memory Speeds Up SATA Drives       Intel's Upcoming Optane Memory Speeds Up SATA Drives     By Chris Preimesberger  |  Posted 2017-01-03 Print               Improving speed while maintaining large storage capacities is now a must for a rising number of use cases: virtual reality, gaming, content creation and many others. There was intriguing news for storage admins Jan. 3: Intel may have created the missing link between high-capacity, slower-moving mechanical SATA disk drives and actual speed. The world's largest processor maker unveiled its new Optane Memory modules and a corresponding Intel Optane Memory Ready program with the idea that this new-gen bridge eventually will rescue IT systems on an island; those heavily invested in HDDs and not ready to switch all the way over to solid-state drives for production purposes. Intel Optane memory is a new class of non-volatile memory (NVM) device which accelerates HDD client systems to enable the high-performance experiences users now require with cloud-service and big data applications, the company said. [To see a larger view of the graphic at upper left, right-click on it and select "View Image."] By pairing either a 16GB or 32GB Intel Optane memory module (via an M.2 motherboard slot) with a large-capacity hard drive or SATA solid state drive, Intel claims users can obtain SSD-like data movement speed while maintaining capacity and affordability. SATA (serial ATA) storage drives are internal and cabled directly to the motherboard. Improving speed while maintaining large storage capacities is now a must for a rising number of use cases: virtual reality, gaming, content creation and video editing and many others. SATA drives now can hold multiple terabytes of content but are relatively slow in ingesting and enabling outflow of data. Intel said Optane memory will be available in Q2 2017 as an option for new Intel-based client platforms, including Intel 7th Gen Core (Kaby Lake), and as a standalone component. Platforms and motherboards supporting Intel Optane technology will be labeled Optane Ready, indicating easy installation and use of Intel Optane memory, Intel said.         Chris Preimesberger is Editor of Features and Analysis at eWEEK. Twitter: @editingwhiz. Join us for our next #eWEEKchat on Jan. 11: "Citizen Development: No-Code Wave of the Future?"   LATEST STORAGE ARTICLES   IBM Unveils All-Flash Storage for Cognitive Workloads Kingston to Release Monster 2TB/USB 3.1 Thumb Drive Intel's Upcoming Optane Memory Speeds Up SATA Drives Container Storage Vendor ClusterHQ Shuts Down How to Evolve Your Storage Technology in 2017                 Submit a Comment Loading Comments...   Manage your Newsletters: Login   Register My Newsletters eWeek Editor's Pick News & Views Cloud Computing Mobile and Wireless Update Best of eWeek eWeek Sunday Brunch eCareers Smart Moves Enterprise Applications Topic Center Update Enterprise IT Advantage eWeek Whitepaper Spotlight eWeek Labs eWeek Enterprise Update eWeek Storage Report Industry Center Update : Finance Industry Center Update : Government Industry Center Update : Health Care Infrastructure Topic Center Update Linux & Open Source Topic Center Update Mid-Market Solutions Securing the Enterprise VoIP Topic Center Update What's Hot Now eWeekend         News and Reviews Slideshows Google Open Sources Data Visualization Tool for Machine Learning Cisco Security Business Group Continues to Accelerate Growth Amazon Go Won't Kill Many Jobs, But It May Prove a Boon to Crooks Microsoft, Harman Kardon to Take on Amazon Echo, Google Home Yahoo Suffers New Hack; 1 Billion Users Impacted This Time 10 Things T-Mobile Has Done to Move O... With approximately 70 million subscribers, T-Mobile isn’t the... Watch Now                             Topics by Type Android Apple Cloud Database Developer Enterprise Apps Innovation IT Management   Mobile Networking PC Hardware Security Servers Small Business Storage Virtualization Articles by Type News & Analysis Slideshows Blogs Reviews Video   Contact Us About eWeek Sitemap Blogs Security Watch Upfront First Read Storage Station Careers Google Watch Special Features eWeekChat eWeek 30th Anniversary Cloud Backup Project Center Next Generation Firewall Project Center Big Data Analytics Project Center Research Center       Property of QuinStreet Enterprise. Terms of Service | Licensing & Reprints | Privacy Policy | Advertise Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2017 QuinStreet Inc. All right reserved.<noscript></div>  
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard Reviews 2 Review: Asus ROG Strix Z270F Gaming by Tarinder Sandhu on 3 January 2017, 17:00 Tags: ASUSTeK (TPE:2357), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcax Add to My Vault: Asus ROG Strix Z270F Gaming £172.98 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing methodology 3 - CPU performance 4 - Memory performance 5 - Gaming performance 6 - Power and temperature 7 - Storage performance 8 - Overclocking 9 - Conclusion Introduction Today marks the official launch of Intel's 7th Generation Core 'Kaby Lake' desktop processors and the accompanying 270-series chipsets. As you will probably have gathered from our review of the chip a month ago, nothing of note has changed on the CPU side of things. The multimedia engine, meanwhile, has been updated to support the latest standards and codecs. A lack of meaningful change can actually be a good thing in some ways. These new chips use the LGA1151 socket familiar on recent Skylake- and Broadwell-based motherboards. Indeed, we used an Asus Z170 chipset-based motherboard for our CPU analysis. What such preamble is leading on to is the fact that the newest chipset, Z270, is very similar to existing Z170 in most ways. Both, for example, support the latest Intel processors, albeit with Z170 needing an up-to-date BIOS. Z270 does offer a little extra, with the emphasis on little, as it carries an extra four PCIe lanes - 30 vs. 26 - though it remains limited to 16 lanes attached directly to the CPU: it is the Z270 PCH that adds a quartet of extra lanes for enhanced expandability. Other than that, as far as we can tell, there is explicit support for Intel Optane memory (formerly known as XPoint) that remains a technology rather than a shipping product. Finally, USB 3.1 still remains Awol and will therefore need the usual controller support that we have seen on Z170. Point is, Z270 is still a marginally more futureproof fit for 7th Generation Core processors so it is the obvious choice for anyone contemplating a new build at the start of 2017. The next question is which one do you buy? Asus has a whole roster of boards available, and in for review today is the ROG Strix Z270F Gaming, priced at around £150. The huge heatsink on the right-hand side will be the first feature to catch your eye. There really is no need for such esoteric cooling on a non-enthusiast version of the board but it's there to show off Asus' Aura lighting. 2016 was the year where RGB lighting pervaded every nook and cranny of the PC space; 2017 appears to be no different. The LEDs contained within look impressive and can be set to one of nine effects, while the brightness is controlled by the Aura software. The colour can be made to change with CPU temperature or even beat in time to music. There's also an RGB header, on the left and coloured white, to which you can attach 2m-long strips for added pizzazz. A 10-phase power design - eight for the CPU and two for the IGP - remains intact from the previous Z170 generation. There are differences, mind, as Asus says that a refined version of its base-clock overclocking technology is implemented for this model, offering less jitter at higher speeds than before. The way in which the memory circuits are laid out have been improved, too, and Asus promises higher speeds than ever before with the full four DIMMs populated. As an example, a 3,866MHz, four-DIMM speed is supported. Looking across the board shows the presence of two M.2 slots, each capable of running at PCIe x4. The first, if used, takes the place of the SATA1 port while the second, run through an ASMedia 1480 chip, takes the bandwidth allotted to SATA5 and SATA6. These points are worth noting if you plan to have many drives in the system. Of more interest is the M.2-based Optane support, on which we expect to see the first set of products soon. Optane SSDs will interface with PCIe and use a NVMe protocol, so they may be able to run on older boards. There's also shiny new audio on this model. The Supreme FX S1220A HD Codec offers a 120dB SNR output and 113dB input which puts it firmly in the premium class of onboard sound. You won't need a degree in advanced mathematics to determine that Asus is using the all-new Realtek ALC1220 Codec, which seems to be a popular choice for decent Z270 boards. Backing up the audio in an operating-system environment is the third iteration of Sonic Studio software. We had a listen to the quality produced through a pair of Sony CD1700 reference headphones and were pleasantly surprised by the output. Notice the 'armour' on the first and second PCIe x16 slots? Dubbed SafeSlot and now all the rage, the implementation is more low-key than, say, Gigabyte or MSI. There are six fan headers dotted around the board, too, and all are of the DC/PWM variety - handy if you want to fine-tune the cooling parameters. The back contains double-speed USB 3.1 from the popular ASMedia 2142 chip, offering both Type-A and Type-C connectivity, while the four blue ports are USB 3.0. The storage outputs are the same as on a Z170 board, save for faster USB 3.1. Video outputs make sense, with DVI, DisplayPort and HDMI all present and correct. The Asus UEFI BIOS Utility will look and feel familiar to anyone who has used an ROG board in recent years. Accessible in one of two modes - EZ or Advanced - the interface is for the most part well laid out and easy to navigate, with mouse support having improved greatly in recent years. Who makes the best fan control system in the business? That's a tough call, but Asus is certainly a contender. The firm's implementation, dubbed Q-Fan, promises PWM/DC control on every available header, fans can be mapped to different sensors, and there are now configurable spin-up and spin-down delay timers to help prevent unwanted speed fluctuations. Those wanting easier access can simply install the Aura software and replicate every facet in the operating system. Though it hasn't been overhauled in a while - there's really no need to do so - the BIOS remains solid. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing methodology 3 - CPU performance 4 - Memory performance 5 - Gaming performance 6 - Power and temperature 7 - Storage performance 8 - Overclocking 9 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Stolen Razer Project Valerie appears on Chinese auction site 14 2 AMD Vega 10 graphics card seen in hands-on video 25 3 Intel unveils 'credit card-sized' computer 14 4 Microsoft previews bevy of new features coming to Windows 10 67 5 AMD confirms all Ryzen CPUs will be unlocked 15 1 QOTW: Which PC components are you looking to upgrade in 2017? 71 2 Microsoft previews bevy of new features coming to Windows 10 67 3 AMD Vega 10 graphics card seen in hands-on video 25 4 Asus ROG GR8 II 4-litre gaming PC announced 21 5 Razer unveils Project Valerie, a triple G-Sync display laptop 20 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 TUNAI Announces the Launch of its Newest Wireless Headphone Amplifier 2 The Honor 6X collections 10 awards at CES 2017 3 Taking gaming to the next level with full line-up of Z270 RACING series motherboards 4 GEAR4 brings its trusted, military grade D3O® technology protection to the iPad 5 ADATA and Tech Data begin UK distribution partnership 6 New 40-inch Philips monitor: Largest 4k curved monitor on the market INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 409,214 Forum posts: 2,564,834 Forum threads: 247,172 Currently active users: 489 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
By reading this site you agree to our cookie policy. Click to find out more. [x] HOME TECH GAMING BUSINESS CONSUMER MOBILE HEXUS.TV TRUST COMPETITIONS FORUMS SEARCH You are here: Mainboard Reviews 1 Review: Gigabyte/Aorus Z270X-Gaming 7 by Tarinder Sandhu on 3 January 2017, 17:10 Tags: Gigabyte (TPE:2376), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), AORUS Quick Link: HEXUS.net/qadcgu Add to My Vault: Gigabyte/Aorus Z270X-Gaming 7 £229.98 Free shipping for HEXUS members* Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing methodology 3 - CPU performance 4 - Memory performance 5 - Gaming performance 6 - Power consumption and temperature 7 - Storage performance 8 - Overclocking performance 9 - Conclusion Introduction Hot on the heels of the Intel Z270 launch are a number of motherboards from the usual industry names. Asus and MSI have already had their mainstream boards dissected, so now it is the turn of Gigabyte, who chose to seed a higher-spec board - the Z270X-Gaming 7 being the particular flavour of choice. Hold on a second, you might say, as this is no Gigabyte board. You'd be mostly wrong but just a little right. Sweep back over the image and notice the lack of Gigabyte branding. Instead, what you see is Aorus emblazoned over the huge heatsink to the left of the CPU socket and on the meaty bridge heatsink. What gives? For those in the know, Aorus, predominantly a purveyor of slim gaming notebooks, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Gigabyte. Think of it as the Lexus in relation to Toyota, or, better still, how ROG is the enthusiast brand of Asus. Moving forwards, Gigabyte's premier boards will all feature Aorus branding, thus handily differentiating them from the standard, mass-produced boards for Joe Average. Style cues are taken from the extant Z170X-Gaming 7 though, in our estimation, the new board is a better looker. LEDs are practically everywhere, including the DIMM slots and a separate, new add-on section on the right on the bottom that offers a colour contrast.The effect is quite overpowering but thankfully can be tweaked from within the operating system. As you would expect, the RGB LEDs offer a near-infinite amount of choice. What you do get is a 12-phase power supply, a lot of room around the socket - plugging in a big fan is easy - and a handy set of power, reset and clear CMOS buttons by the fancy DIMM slots. There are also voltage-monitoring points nearby, if you fancy getting busy with a multimeter. Being a Gaming 7 board means going above and beyond the chipset at every available opportunity - this model is likely to be north of £200. There's an Intel Thunderbolt 3 controller that offers both USB 3.1 Gen 2 Type-A and Type-C on the back and a Realtek USB 3.1 chip offering four Gen 1 ports via internal headers. Want high-speed USB? The Gigabyte/Aorus Z270X-Gaming 7 is pretty hot in this regard. A couple of PCIe x4-riding M.2 connectors is the norm, but the company has provision for three such slots this time around. Gigabyte also adds in a trio of SATA Express (these use double SATA bandwidth, mind) and a U.2 connector, stuffing the board with ports. Ideally, you will want to put any M.2 drive in the left-hand slot because you can still grab four PCIe lanes without compromising any SATA ports. As an aside, we'd prefer Gigabyte to remove a lot of the markings on the board for a cleaner aesthetic. Six fan headers, including two primed for watercooling, are standard fare. There's also an RGB strip extension header and Gigabyte dutifully bundles one in the box. The board has a trio of switches which is unusual. One controls audio gain while the other two toggle the BIOSes. Between them a thermistor header - the cable is bundled - is handy if you want to keep tabs of temps in a particular area. Any enthusiast-class board needs excellent graphics support. A trio of x16 strengthened mechanical slots run at x16 in single-card mode, x8, x8 in two-card mode and x8,x8, x4 if all three are populated by AMD cards. Note that only two-way (though quad-GPU) SLI is supported, though this is a restriction from Nvidia than any missing support here. Of course, you could keep the third slot reserved for PCIe storage where a x4 speed is more than sufficient. There's an inevitable amount of lane juggling going on a Z270X board if you decide to go full-on and populate everything. We mentioned that it is ideal to install an M.2 SSD into the left-hand slot. Doing so means a third graphics card would run at x2. Similarly, use one of the three PCIe x1 means that SATA 3 is given the chop. This also means the X99 platform remains the best choice if you want to throw the kitchen sink of components into a build. What else? Cheaper boards run with the revised ALC 1220 Codec. Not here. Gigabyte carries over the Creative Sound Core 3D chip and a removable, changeable Burr Brown OP2134 operation-amplifier. The audio subsystem, on paper, is excellent. Gigabyte opts for two NICs - one from Intel and the other the latest Killer E2500 from Rivet Networks. The only reason we can see for having both is to team their bandwidth for gaming, though that is not supported here. We'd have been happy to see either one here alone, reducing the cost a touch. Otherwise, it's a standard-enough backplane. Gigabyte has simplified the BIOS from just a couple of years ago and now provides easy-to-understand, at-a-glance, live information on the system. Of particular note is the improved fan-control system - so many BIOSes expend too little effort here - and now you can simply drag various lines that strike a compromise between noise and cooling. Be careful not to have the points too close together, though. Of course, all of this functionality is replicated in the operating system through various utilities, but we're happy to see Gigabyte take a cleaner, more efficient approach for the firmware. Page Jump: ========== 1 - Introduction 2 - Testing methodology 3 - CPU performance 4 - Memory performance 5 - Gaming performance 6 - Power consumption and temperature 7 - Storage performance 8 - Overclocking performance 9 - Conclusion NEXT PAGE » MY HEXUS Sign in for the best HEXUS experience LOG IN REGISTER HEXUS NEWSLETTER MOST VIEWED MOST COMMENTED 1 Stolen Razer Project Valerie appears on Chinese auction site 14 2 AMD Vega 10 graphics card seen in hands-on video 25 3 Intel unveils 'credit card-sized' computer 14 4 Microsoft previews bevy of new features coming to Windows 10 67 5 AMD confirms all Ryzen CPUs will be unlocked 15 1 QOTW: Which PC components are you looking to upgrade in 2017? 71 2 Microsoft previews bevy of new features coming to Windows 10 67 3 AMD Vega 10 graphics card seen in hands-on video 25 4 Asus ROG GR8 II 4-litre gaming PC announced 21 5 Razer unveils Project Valerie, a triple G-Sync display laptop 20 EVENTS ALL EVENTS POLL FACEBOOK INDUSTRY PRESS RELEASES 1 TUNAI Announces the Launch of its Newest Wireless Headphone Amplifier 2 The Honor 6X collections 10 awards at CES 2017 3 Taking gaming to the next level with full line-up of Z270 RACING series motherboards 4 GEAR4 brings its trusted, military grade D3O® technology protection to the iPad 5 ADATA and Tech Data begin UK distribution partnership 6 New 40-inch Philips monitor: Largest 4k curved monitor on the market INFORMATION About us Advertise Contact us How Competitions work How we test About Cookies What our awards mean Privacy and terms of use SUBSCRIPTIONS RSS / Alerts / Twitter Facebook / Newsletter Unsubscribe HEXUS Community Members: 409,214 Forum posts: 2,564,834 Forum threads: 247,172 Currently active users: 489 Copyright © 1998 - 2017, HEXUS.net. All rights reserved. HEXUS® is a registered trademark.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / News / Laptop News / Acer's crazy Predator 21 X will cost nearly £9,000 Acer's crazy Predator 21 X will cost nearly £9,000 by Michael Passingham 03 January 2017 0 shares Read Comments Acer has overhauled its gaming line-up, launching five new laptops and a new desktop at CES 2017, including something truly outrageous. The new kit all takes advantage of Intel’s new 7th-gen Kaby Lake processors and Nvidia’s 10-series graphics cards. Oh, and there’s the matter of a curved-screen laptop that’ll set you back nearly £9,000. Acer Predator 21 X – The world’s most ridiculous laptop now has a price Acer has been vying with Asus’ GX800 as the silliest laptop you can buy, but in announcing the price and specifics of the Predator 21 X laptop (first revealed at IFA), Acer steals the crown quite easily. The 2,560 x 1,440-pixel, 21-inch screen is curved, making the 21 X the world’s first curved-screen laptop. And boy, what a laptop. Inside you get two Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080s delivering outrageous performance alongside an overclockable Intel Core i7-7820K processor. You’ll get 64GB of DDR4 memory clocked at 2,400MHz and up to four SSDs running in RAID 0 for ridiculous read and write speeds. There’s a full-sized mechanical keyboard featuring Cherry MX Brown switches along with RGB backlighting. You also get Tobii eye tracking, which lets you control the camera view wit your eyes in 45 games including Elite: Dangerous and Watch Dogs 2. Each Predator 21 X will be custom-made, giving you the option of coloured logos, flags and a personal engraving. The first 300 21 Xs sold will also get a Limited Edition series number on the top panel. Oh, and it ships with a carrying case. The price? Brace yourself. It starts at $8,999, which equates to £8823 inc VAT. Expect to pay more if you customise it. They’ll ship in the US first, with Europe having to wait until October. Aspire Aspire V Nitro 15 and 17 – Gaming and multimedia machines Acer has brought a long-awaited refresh to its Aspire V Nitro line. A couple of years back, these represented amazing value as gaming laptops but haven’t received much love lately. Thankfully, that’s changed and both 15- and 17-inch models are getting new hardware for massively improved performance. Both laptops will get either full desktop-spec Nvidia GeForce GTX 1050 Ti or GTX 1060 graphics, making them perfect for Full HD gaming. These line up alongside new quad-core Intel Core chips, with the range topping out at the Core i7-7700HQ from the Kaby Lake generation. You’ll get 16GB or 32GB of DDR4 memory and high-performance PCI-E or SATA SSDs along with a more sedate hard disk. At this spec, the Aspire V Nitros will be handy video editing machines as well as gaming powerhouses The pair will launch in February, with both models starting at €1,299 (around £1,125). Acer Aspire VX 15 – Mid-range performance The VX 15 is an entirely new laptop from Acer, with a chunky new design with red highlights that won’t appeal to everybody. The 15-inch machine weighs in at a hefty 2.5kg so will act more as a desktop replacement than a full laptop. Specification-wise, it’ll get the same processor and RAM options as the Nitro 15 machines, with quad-core Intel Core i5 and i7s available depending on region and retailer. The top-spec model will get GTX 1050 Ti graphics, although lower-end models will likely get less powerful GTX 1050 graphics instead. A base model VX 15 will set you back €899 (around £770). This machine will go toe-to-toe with the just-announced Dell Inspiron 7000. Acer Aspire GX – VR gaming PC Finally, Acer also announced a new line of desktops, the GX series. These macines are VR ready and come in a variety of specifications topping out at Nvidia GeForce GTX 1070 GPUs, top-end Intel Core i7 chips and up to 64GB of DDR4 memory. It comes in a distinctive package, making use of Acer’s now fairly common red highlights and dark grey styling. Specifications will vary wildly between regions and retailers, but all should be capable video editing and gaming machines for those with a penchant for VR. The GX Series launches in February starting at €799 (around £680) for a base model. Acer hasn’t stated what spec this is, however. A previous version of this article listed the UK prices with extra VAT added on top. 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
GSMArena.com Tip us 848k 113k 86k 164k RSS Log in Login with Facebook Google Sign up Home News Reviews Blog Phone Finder Tools Glossary Coverage FAQ Contact 2016 Holiday edition GSMArena smartphone buyer's guide - - - Lenovo announces new laptops at CES 2017 Post your comment Comments (15) Yordan, 03 January 2017 Lenovo Windows 10 Today is a big day for Lenovo in Las Vegas. Ahead of the Consumers Electronics Show the company unveiled three devices - the ThinkPad X1 Yoga, the new ThinkPad X1 Carbon and X1 Tablet which is like the Yoga but without a physical keyboard (though there is an option to add such as a module). So lets get into detail for each one of them. ThinkPad X1 Yoga comes with 7th gen Intel CPU and Lenovo implemented additional biometric authentication with IR camera with face recognition support and Match-on-Chip touch fingerprint sensor for another layer of security. The stylus is also updated so it now feels even more like a pen. The tip is with soft elastomer which gives greater friction with the screen and thus creates more natural writing experience. The 14 OLED display has stunning colors and the keyboard now retracts fully flat so the X1 Yoga can feel more like a tablet, even if its too heavy to get the tablet feeling. And what about the X1 laptop? X1 Carbon has the latest Intel Kaby Lake CPUs with up to 16 GB of LPDDR3 RAM and now the storage goes up to 1TB of SSD. The display is 14 with two options - WQHD or FHD. Lenovo states that the device could last in 15.5 hours with only one charge. ThinkPad X1 Tablet is not a new name in Lenovos portfolio but the device is impressive. It has Intel i7 processors and includes a 12 2K (2,160x1440 pixels) IPS display. The device offers 10 hours of battery life but you could add five more if you buy the Productivity Module which essentially transforms the Tablet into notebook. X1 Carbon  X1 Yoga  X1 Tablet and Productivity Module  X1 Yoga All the devices will be available in February through Lenovos official website with prices such as $1499 for the X1 Yoga, around $1399 for the X1 Carbon and $949 for the X1 Tablet which will be available in March. Source 1 | Source 2 Related articles New Lenovo Yoga Book version running Chrome OS will debut next year Lenovo's IdeaPad 500 (15) laptop gets $200 price cut Lenovo is apparently in talks to buy Samsung's PC division Lenovo introduces ThinkPad X1 Yoga with OLED screen, new Carbon and Tablet Reader comments Anonymous PUVJ 09 Jan 2017 Get your facts right, they're a Chinese brand. Reply Fitbri NUwF 04 Jan 2017 I do like the high end Lenovo ThinkPad ,Business laptops. Had mine 7 years now. I wonder what the difference is between the current X 1 tablet and the new. Reply Anonymous PMXc 04 Jan 2017 people seem to forget that "Lenovo" and their "Thinkpad" rage were all bought from IBM. I think the poster obviously is thinking about those old machines which were tough.. Now the current owners of the Lenovo brand which are a Taiwan based sem... Reply Read all comments Post your comment Total reader comments: 15 Phone finder Samsung Apple Microsoft Nokia Sony LG HTC Motorola Huawei Lenovo Xiaomi Google Acer Asus Oppo OnePlus Meizu BlackBerry Alcatel ZTE Toshiba Vodafone Gigabyte XOLO Lava Micromax BLU Gionee vivo LeEco Panasonic HP YU verykool Maxwest Plum All brands Rumor mill Top 10 by daily interest   Device Daily hits   1. Nokia 6 214,675 2. Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime 116,106 3. Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) 86,958 4. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 84,897 5. Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 81,481 6. Nokia 8 68,666 7. Xiaomi Redmi 3s Prime 61,053 8. Oppo F1s 57,696 9. vivo V5 57,435 10. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 57,020 Top 10 by fans   Device Favorites   1. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge 1,844 2. OnePlus 3 1,578 3. Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 1,538 4. Xiaomi Mi 5 1,491 5. Samsung Galaxy S7 1,379 6. Sony Xperia Z5 Premium 1,365 7. HTC 10 1,333 8. Samsung Galaxy Note5 1,142 9. Huawei Nexus 6P 1,141 10. LG G5 1,122 Home News Reviews Blog Compare Coverage Glossary FAQ RSS feed Facebook Twitter © 2000-2016 GSMArena.com Mobile version Contact us Advertising Privacy Terms of use CDN by
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My stepfather left $1 million to strangers and dead people 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Intel seeks approval to buy stake in HERE By Sarah Sloat Published: Jan 3, 2017 6:28 a.m. ET Share By SarahSloat FRANKFURT--Intel Corp. is seeking to buy a stake in HERE, the digital-mapping company owned by Germany's luxury carmakers, according to a filing to Germany's Federal Cartel Office. An spokesman for the office declined to say how large a stake the U.S. chip maker aimed to buy. The antitrust authority has a month to decide whether to approve the acquisition. Neither HERE nor Intel were immediately available for comment. HERE is owned by Daimler AG, BMW AG and Volkswagen AG's Audi AG unit, which bought the map maker from Nokia Corp. in 2015 for roughly 2.5 billion euros ($2.6 billion) in a move to build a platform for self-driving cars. Last week, HERE said internet services group Tencent Holdings Ltd., NavInfo Co. and Singaporean fund GIC planned to buy a joint 10% stake for an undisclosed price. Digital cartography will be essential for autonomous cars, which require precise information about a vehicle's surroundings. HERE's services include maps for nearly 200 countries alongside other data, which it provides to the makers of navigation devices and cars as well as websites and apps. The car makers began approaching potential partners soon after buying HERE in mid-2015 and over the past months have said they were in talks with numerous investors to broaden the shareholder base. -Write to Sarah Sloat at sarah.sloat@wsj.com More from MarketWatch End of the Road for Inaugural License Plates Johnny Depp Sues Business Managers President Obama Surprises Joe Biden With Medal of Freedom Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Engadget Login Home Gear Gaming Culture Entertainment Science Video Reviews Public Access Buyer's Guide Log in Sign up Show More Results Engadget 3 related articles Login Amazon asks the FCC for permission to run secret wireless tests Sony Entertainment CEO Michael Lynton is stepping down The Engadget Podcast Ep 24: The Biggest Lie CES 2017 Everything you need to know from the biggest tech show on Earth See all articles Latest in Gear Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 1h ago View China tells app stores to register with the government 5h ago View Volkswagen's modern Microbus remake, and more in the week that was 8h ago View Ben Heck's Xbox One S laptop 9h ago View Image credit: save Save share Intel invests in Nokia's old mapping division To build a new high-definition mapping platform for self-driving cars. Daniel Cooper, @danielwcooper 01.03.17 in Business Comments 1012 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Intel has announced that it's buying a 15 percent stake in Here, the mapping company that was spun out of Nokia, for an undisclosed fee. The chipmaker has also revealed that the pair will work together to build a new high-definition mapping platform for self-driving cars. Since the rest of Here is owned by the German car industry, it's not hard to see who might be interested in using that sort of technology. Here was one of Nokia's last remaining jewels as the Finnish phone maker gradually atrophied on the way to Microsoft's disastrous buyout. It was put up for sale in 2015, with Uber rumored to be the most likely destination for the business. But in the end, a consortium representing Germany's car industry spent around $3.07 billion to secure the company for their navigation systems. Here CEO Ed Overbeek explains that the pair will develop a "real-time, self-healing and high-definition representation of the physical world." That means being able to update maps with the latest data and use computer vision to identify potential obstacles and warn other cars nearby. Speaking of which, MobilEye, the computer vision company that, until recently, supplied sensors for Tesla's Autopilot, is a big friend of both Intel and Here. MobilEye is a partner with Intel in its own self-driving technology consortium, and also has a deal with Here to build a plug-and-play self-driving car platform for the auto industry. As the PC market dwindles and mobile computing takes over, Intel needs to move in a new direction to remain relevant, and profitable. The company is dipping a toe into wearables, the internet of things and other arenas where its expertise and cash reserves could prove valuable. Intel is clearly hoping that Here can become a key component of our self-driving future, as well as smart homes. Source: Intel In this article: 2017, business, CES, CES2017, gear, Here, intel, Investment, nokia 1012 Shares Share Tweet Share Save Comments Sign In 1h 1h ago in Robots Canada may have delivery drones in service by late 2017 The country has approved its first UAV test range ahead of a launch this year. By J. Fingas,  1h ago save Save share View 2h 2h ago in Space Japan's experimental mini rocket launch ends in failure It was supposed to break new ground, but only highlighted problems with the space program. By J. Fingas,  2h ago save Save share View 3h 3h ago in Internet PBS' new kids' channel lets you flip between streams and games Children can take a hands-on approach when passive viewing isn't enough. By J. Fingas,  3h ago save Save share View 5h 5h ago in Mobile China tells app stores to register with the government It's a security measure, but it also enables stricter censorship. By J. Fingas,  5h ago save Save share View 6h 6h ago in Internet Facebook tests fake news filtering outside of the US A trial run in Germany could influence an election and keep Facebook out of trouble. By J. Fingas,  6h ago save Save share View More Stories From around the web About About Engadget About Our Ads Advertise Brand Kit Contact Us RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Culture Entertainment Gaming Science Public Access Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Public Access Send us a tip! Support International Español 繁體中文 简体中文 日本版 Deutschland UK Apps Android iPhone iPad Join Our Newsletter Subscribe Follow Us © 2017 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Reprints and Permissions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Trademarks Advertise ear icon eye icon text file
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My stepfather left $1 million to strangers and dead people 10:14 P.M. ET Updated My brother is addicted to opiates and wants to set up an LLC to control our mother’s estate 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Computers/Electronics Intel buys 15% stake in German digital-map co. By William Boston Published: Jan 3, 2017 2:03 p.m. ET Share By WilliamBoston Intel Corp. is acquiring a 15% stake in Here International B.V. for an undisclosed sum, joining the digital mapmaker's core shareholders BMW AG, Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG's Audi unit in developing navigation technology for self-driving cars. Intel and Here aim to jointly develop technology needed to support the real-time updates of traffic and road conditions that are used to enable and ensure the safety of fully automated vehicles. The companies also said they plan to explore other business opportunities to develop services that use location data generated by the vehicles and their passengers. "Cars are rapidly becoming some of the world's most intelligent, connected devices," Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich said Tuesday. The companies gave no details about the transaction. They said the deal was expected to close in the first three months of the year, pending regulatory approval. The announcement comes after Germany's antitrust authority said earlier in the day that Intel had filed a request for regulatory approval in Germany to make a strategic acquisition of a stake in Here. The agency said it had one month to decide on whether to approve the acquisition, which is unlikely to pose competition concerns. Germany's big three premium-brand car makers bought Here from Nokia in 2015 for about EUR2.5 billion ($2.6 billion). Based on the original purchase price, Intel's stake could be worth around EUR375 million. The companies did not disclose any financial details. The German auto makers, which together dominate the global market for high-end luxury cars, set aside decades of bitter rivalry to jointly acquire Here in a bid to control the mapping technology they consider crucial for self-driving vehicles. Intel appears to be positioning itself to enter the fast-growing technology field, marking the latest illustration of how the lines between the tech industry and conventional auto makers are blurring. As the automobile morphs into a platform for digital services with the potential to generate huge profits, auto makers and tech companies are finding common cause or are engaged in fierce rivalries for control of the new mobility economy. "Intel can help accelerate Here's ambitions in this area by supporting the creation of a universal, always up-to-date digital location platform that spans the vehicle, the cloud and everything else connected," said Here CEO Edzard Overbeek. Auto makers are entering such businesses as car-sharing and ride-hailing to capture new revenue streams generated by their vehicles. The car makers want to avoid being left behind because such services could potentially become more lucrative than their traditional businesses. Tech companies such as Uber Technologies Inc., which is essentially an app provider, Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.'s Google are challenging the dominance of auto makers including BMW, VW, Ford Motor Co. and General Motors Co. in providing personal transportation. They are eager to extend their dominance of tech systems, apps and services to the automobile -- just as in the past they moved from the personal computer to the smartphone. New auto technology is driven by information technology, which is why the auto industry has already outpaced computer makers as the single biggest customer for the chip manufacturers such as Intel and Germany's Infineon Technologie AG. Illustrating the trend, U.S. chip-making giant Qualcomm Inc. in October said it would buy Dutch NXP Semiconductors NV, the world's largest developer of chips for automobiles, for $39 billion. Chip makers provide the intelligent sensors and computing power needed to control functions such as projecting information onto the car's display, fuel injection and safety systems. They also provide the eyes of the vehicle that enable cars to ascertain temperature, weather and road conditions, identify other vehicles and objects on the road and allow the vehicle to know its own location. Here is developing a real-time navigation system that creates a 3-D map of the world's roads and allows vehicles to exchange information needed for navigation. The information will be stored on a cloud-based computer network that individual vehicles can access. Intel's interest in taking a stake in Here indicates that chip makers increasingly view the nascent digital-navigation industry as a potential source of new revenue and innovation. The German auto makers are eager to attract strategic investors to Here. Last week, Here said Chinese internet group Tencent Holdings Ltd., Chinese mapping company NavInfo Co. and Singaporean sovereign-wealth fund GIC planned to jointly buy a 10% stake in the company for an undisclosed price. In December, Here unveiled a partnership with Mobileye NV, the Israeli tech company that makes sensors for advanced driver-assistance programs. Here is also close to announcing a partnership in Japan, a key auto market, a person familiar with the situation said. If the Intel acquisition is completed, the Here stake held by the German car makers would fall to about 75%. Write to William Boston at william.boston@wsj.com More from MarketWatch The Ex-British Spy Behind Trump Dossier: What We Know Bicyclist John Howard's 1985 Land-Speed Record Trump: Russians Behind Hacks but Haven’t Compromised Him Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Healthcare — 1h 13m ago Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ Administration — 1h 31m ago Obama’s parting thoughts on Syria, Israel Administration — 1h 41m ago What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. Blog Briefing Room — 2h 7m ago Obama would take a mulligan on healthcare.gov Administration — 2h 11m ago Trump tells German paper: NATO is ‘obsolete’ Administration — 2h 39m ago Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ Administration — 3h 11m ago Obama on '60 Minutes': A president needs 'thick skin,' 'stamina' Administration — 3h 18m ago view all   It’s time for a full accounting of Washington's finances By Sheila Weinberg, contributor - 01/03/17 02:00 PM EST 44   © Getty Images When Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. MORE assumes the presidency on Jan. 20, he will be in control of the largest economy in the world, but he will soon find out that the United States federal government is operating under reporting standards that are much looser than he is used to. It’s time for a full accounting of Washington’s finances. While his businesses—and corporations throughout the country—are required to publish timely and accurate financial information, the federal government has not been able to do the same and the data they do publish is largely inaccurate. ADVERTISEMENT The Government Accountability Office (GAO) has tried, for the last 19 years, to audit the federal government as required by law. But time after time, its efforts to produce a comprehensive audit have been hampered by misleading accounting at the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and other executive departments. As a result, the American public lacks a clear picture of the nation’s true financial assets and obligations. Are future taxpayers going to be on the hook for unfunded benefits that the government has promised to pay out? We have no way of knowing. To make matters worse, the budget and national debt figures the federal government publishes do not tell the entire story. The Treasury Department uses accounting gimmicks to hide tens of trillions of dollars in Social Security and Medicare liabilities from the balance sheet by essentially maintaining two sets of books that contain contradictory data: one for the budget decision-making process and one for entitlement programs. This allows government officials to report that the debt is $19 trillion while leaving out future promised payments people are counting on. When you add up all the payments promised by the federal government including the unfunded entitlements, the national debt rises to $87 trillion. To put this amount in perspective, every person in the United States would have to pay $272,000 for the federal government to be debt-free. This type of behavior in the private sector would be compared to Enron’s accounting or a Ponzi scheme. President-elect Trump wouldn’t put up with these practices in one of his businesses and I hope that he doesn't permit them to continue when he manages the largest financial institution in the world: the United States federal government. I founded Truth in Accounting 14 years ago with the goal of compelling federal, state and local governments to produce accounting data that is timely, truthful and transparent. This information is critical for American citizens. Think about how risky it would be to buy stock in a company that didn’t publish accurate financials or how foolish it would be to give a child your credit card and not once look at the charges as they are accrued. This is exactly what happens when taxpayers do not have accurate information and when elected officials continue to accept flawed federal accounting practices. I am calling on President-elect Trump to prioritize due diligence and responsible accounting reform during his first term in office. If he wants to make good on his promises to clean-up government finances, the very first step is to ask Treasury Secretary nominee Steven Mnuchin to work with the GAO and produce an honest audit of our government’s finances, including Social Security and Medicare liabilities. His team must then work with congressional leaders to use this new, accurate data when making decisions about appropriations bills and raising the debt ceiling. Every American will benefit from a government that operates under the same financial transparency standards and regulations enforced upon publicly traded companies. In the same way that chief executive officers at those companies have a fiduciary responsibility to their stakeholders, Trump will have the same responsibility to taxpayers as president to deliver honest and transparent financial data. Sheila Weinberg, CPA, is the founder and chief executive officer of Truth in Accounting, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization based in Chicago that researches government financial data and promotes transparency for a better-informed citizenry. The views of Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Donald Trump, Washington, Government, accounting, Federal Debt, taxpayers   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Schumer puts GOP on notice over... Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) has made it crystal clear... 906 Shares 2 Trump should’ve Googled John Lewis... OPINION | A look at their pasts show Lewis and Trump couldn’t be more... 474 Shares 3 Trump’s healthcare plan will offer... President-elect Donald Trump told the Washington Post his plan to replace... 428 Shares 4 Obama: Trump was a 'change... President Obama called President-elect Donald Trump a "change candidate"... 416 Shares 5 'Future of America' at stake with... “I’m certainly not going to leave this in limbo, because this is the... 345 Shares 6 Human Rights Watch lists Trump as... Human Rights Watch is listing President-elect Donald Trump as a threat to... 223 Shares 7 Sharpton: 'Thank God we lived in... "I am so proud of President Barack Obama." 193 Shares 8 ‘SNL’ mocks Trump news conference “Saturday Night Live” during its latest show mocked President-elect Donald... 188 Shares 9 Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘... President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday night about outgoing CIA... 174 Shares 10 GOP senator slams Trump: John... A Senate Republican is blasting President-elect Donald Trump's criticism... 157 Shares 11 Trump team considers evicting... President-elect Donald Trump's team is reportedly considering evicting the... 134 Shares 12 Trump to meet Putin in first... Trump spokesman denies reported meeting in Iceland. 116 Shares 13 Michael Moore to host star-studded... Alec Baldwin and Mark Ruffalo also plan to attend the rally outside Trump'... 114 Shares 14 Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday evening about “Saturday Night... 111 Shares 15 Atlanta newspaper enters Trump,... "The district that Trump described as in ‘horrible shape’ includes Emory... 100 Shares 16 'Bikers for Trump' to form 'wall... “Bikers for Trump” plans to create a “wall of meat” to guard Donald Trump... 96 Shares 17 Trump tells German paper: NATO is... President-elect Donald Trump called NATO obsolete, according to a... 95 Shares 18 Dem senator says Lewis's comments... Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) on Sunday said he respects Rep. John Lewis (D-... 93 Shares 19 Trump no longer expected to visit... President-elect Donald Trump is reportedly no longer expected to visit the... 93 Shares 20 Priebus to ethics chief: 'Be... Donald Trump's incoming White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, on... 88 Shares 21 BuzzFeed editor: 'Proud we... The editor-in-chief of BuzzFeed on Sunday defended the website's decision... 86 Shares 22 Dems 'outraged' with Comey after... A number of House Democrats left Friday's confidential briefing on Russian... 77 Shares 23 Trump thanks Bob Woodward, blasts... President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter Sunday afternoon to again... 75 Shares 24 WHIP LIST: Democrats boycotting... More than a dozen Democrats have said that they will buck tradition and... 67 Shares 25 Feinstein: Russia's interference... “I think that, and I think the FBI, in the October surprise, I call it an... 65 Shares 26 Mark Hamill mocks Trump by reading... Mark Hamill on Saturday mocked President-elect Donald Trump with another... 64 Shares 27 Scottish TV listing dubs Trump... A Scottish newspaper used its TV listings to describe President-elect... 60 Shares 28 What Obama will do after his... President Obama has no plans to set an alarm on his first morning after... 59 Shares 29 Three times as many bus permits... There have been three times as many bus parking permits requested for the... 58 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Confirmation hearings ObamaCare Donald Trump SPONSORED: The Latino Economy Just In... Trump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Healthcare — 1h 13m ago Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ Administration — 1h 31m ago Obama’s parting thoughts on Syria, Israel Administration — 1h 41m ago What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. Blog Briefing Room — 2h 7m ago Obama would take a mulligan on healthcare.gov Administration — 2h 11m ago Trump tells German paper: NATO is ‘obsolete’ Administration — 2h 39m ago Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ Administration — 3h 11m ago Obama on '60 Minutes': A president needs 'thick skin,' 'stamina' Administration — 3h 18m ago view all   House Intel chair: 'No proof’ Russia aided Trump By Mark Hensch - 01/03/17 01:15 PM EST 39   © Greg Nash House Intelligence chairman Devin Nunes (R-Calif.) said he has seen no evidence that Russia was trying to help President-elect Donald TrumpDonald TrumpTrump’s healthcare plan will offer ‘insurance for everybody’: report Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘Was this the leaker of Fake News?’ What Obama will do after his presidency? Sleep. MORE win the White House. “There’s no proof that we have from intelligence sources that I’ve seen that show that the Russians were directly trying to help Trump,” he said in a Washington Examiner interview published Tuesday. But while Nunes said he hasn't seen hard proof, he didn't rule out the possibility that the Russians aided Trump; nor did he claim that Moscow is innocent in pre-election hacking. ADVERTISEMENT “We have been screaming here in the House of Representatives for many years that the Russians, Chinese, Iranians, North Koreans and other bad actors, every day, were attacking every imaginable place that you could think of, whether it be political parties, to the United States Congress, to the Department of Defense, to our intelligence agencies, to our financial institutions,” he said. “Specifically, I’ve always said Russia was the most sophisticated actor in this arena,” Nunes added. "This is something that [Democratic presidential nominee] Hillary ClintonHillary Rodham ClintonSchumer puts GOP on notice over ObamaCare repeal Priebus to ethics chief: 'Be careful' Feinstein: Russia's interference affected outcome of election MORE knew damn well when she got her private server, that the Russians could have the capability to get in there.” “I know, every day, that the Russians likely have the capability to try to listen to my phone calls or read my emails and I just have to make the assumption that they do – or the Chinese or other bad actors.” The FBI and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) released a joint report last week detailing how federal investigators linked the Russian government to hacks targeting the Democratic Party. The Obama administration last week also announced new sanctions against Russian intelligence agencies and officials as retaliation for its alleged election meddling. The White House additionally expelled 35 Russian officials and shuttered two compounds believed to be used by Russian intelligence. Trump has vehemently denied Russia helped him win the White House, and incoming White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday said “zero evidence” exists proving Moscow’s interference. Russia has vehemently denied U.S. intelligence officials' findings.  Tags Russia, Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump, Hacking, Republicans, national intelligence, Politics   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Schumer puts GOP on notice over... Senate Democratic Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) has made it crystal clear... 906 Shares 2 Trump should’ve Googled John Lewis... OPINION | A look at their pasts show Lewis and Trump couldn’t be more... 474 Shares 3 Trump’s healthcare plan will offer... President-elect Donald Trump told the Washington Post his plan to replace... 428 Shares 4 Obama: Trump was a 'change... President Obama called President-elect Donald Trump a "change candidate"... 416 Shares 5 'Future of America' at stake with... “I’m certainly not going to leave this in limbo, because this is the... 345 Shares 6 Human Rights Watch lists Trump as... Human Rights Watch is listing President-elect Donald Trump as a threat to... 223 Shares 7 Sharpton: 'Thank God we lived in... "I am so proud of President Barack Obama." 193 Shares 8 ‘SNL’ mocks Trump news conference “Saturday Night Live” during its latest show mocked President-elect Donald... 188 Shares 9 Trump on outgoing CIA director: ‘... President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday night about outgoing CIA... 174 Shares 10 GOP senator slams Trump: John... A Senate Republican is blasting President-elect Donald Trump's criticism... 157 Shares 11 Trump team considers evicting... President-elect Donald Trump's team is reportedly considering evicting the... 134 Shares 12 Trump to meet Putin in first... Trump spokesman denies reported meeting in Iceland. 116 Shares 13 Michael Moore to host star-studded... Alec Baldwin and Mark Ruffalo also plan to attend the rally outside Trump'... 114 Shares 14 Trump tweets: SNL is ‘worst of NBC’ President-elect Donald Trump tweeted Sunday evening about “Saturday Night... 111 Shares 15 Atlanta newspaper enters Trump,... "The district that Trump described as in ‘horrible shape’ includes Emory... 100 Shares 16 'Bikers for Trump' to form 'wall... “Bikers for Trump” plans to create a “wall of meat” to guard Donald Trump... 96 Shares 17 Trump tells German paper: NATO is... President-elect Donald Trump called NATO obsolete, according to a... 95 Shares 18 Dem senator says Lewis's comments... Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) on Sunday said he respects Rep. John Lewis (D-... 93 Shares 19 Trump no longer expected to visit... President-elect Donald Trump is reportedly no longer expected to visit the... 93 Shares 20 Priebus to ethics chief: 'Be... Donald Trump's incoming White House chief of staff, Reince Priebus, on... 88 Shares 21 BuzzFeed editor: 'Proud we... The editor-in-chief of BuzzFeed on Sunday defended the website's decision... 86 Shares 22 Dems 'outraged' with Comey after... A number of House Democrats left Friday's confidential briefing on Russian... 77 Shares 23 Trump thanks Bob Woodward, blasts... President-elect Donald Trump took to Twitter Sunday afternoon to again... 75 Shares 24 WHIP LIST: Democrats boycotting... More than a dozen Democrats have said that they will buck tradition and... 67 Shares 25 Feinstein: Russia's interference... “I think that, and I think the FBI, in the October surprise, I call it an... 65 Shares 26 Mark Hamill mocks Trump by reading... Mark Hamill on Saturday mocked President-elect Donald Trump with another... 64 Shares 27 Scottish TV listing dubs Trump... A Scottish newspaper used its TV listings to describe President-elect... 60 Shares 28 What Obama will do after his... President Obama has no plans to set an alarm on his first morning after... 59 Shares 29 Three times as many bus permits... There have been three times as many bus parking permits requested for the... 58 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
TrustedReviews Facebook Twitter Googleplus TVs & Audio Cameras Computing Mobile Home appliances Gaming MWC 2017 Desktop PCs Internet Laptops Monitors PC Components Peripherals More Printers Software Trending: CES 2017 Apple Watch 2 iPhone 7 Galaxy S7 vs iPhone 6S Google Pixel Galaxy S7 Home / Computing / PC Component / Intel Kaby Lake: Core i7-7700K Intel Kaby Lake: Core i7-7700K 0 shares Read Comments By Michael Passingham Updated: 03 January 2017 1 of 6 Summary Page 1: Specs and Technology Page 2: Performance, Gaming and Overclocking 6 Pictures Best Deals Best Deals for Intel Kaby Lake: Core i7-7700K Key Features 4.2-4.5GHz quad-core chip with Hyper-Threading 91W TDP Intel HD Graphics 630 Overclockable 8MB cache Manufacturer: Intel Review Price: £349.99 What is the Intel Core i7-7700K? The i7-7700K is the most powerful processor of Intel’s new “Kaby Lake” generation of desktop processors. A direct successor to the Skylake 6700K, this new model sees higher clock speeds, improved graphics performance and a slightly more efficient architecture. Note: I haven’t had my i7-7700K review sample for long enough to run a full suite of tests on it, or to fully stretch its overclocking ability. As a result, this review will not feature a final score. I’ve run enough benchmarks to come to an early conclusion, however. Related: Best Gaming PC specs to build yourself Intel Core i7-7700K – Specifications, Technology and Chipset The seventh generation of Intel Core chips should offer a minor improvement on the sixth-generation processors. There have been no wholesale changes in terms of physical design; the chip has been produced using largely the same 14nm (nanometre) fabrication process as the fifth- (Broadwell) and sixth-generation (Skylake) chips. In simple terms, the smaller the process, the more efficient and therefore powerful a processor can be. Intel calls the process used on Kaby Lake chips “14nm+”, with each individual transistor benefiting from a taller, thinner design for increased efficiency. Video: Kaby Lake explained as fast as possible With the i7-7700K, we can measure how much of an improvement Intel has made with Kaby Lake: it’s the most powerful chip on the market with all the features you’d expect of a desktop processor. Those looking for a significant speed boost will be disappointed, however, and anybody running a sixth-generation i7-6700K will have few reasons to upgrade. Those running third- or fourth-generation Core i7 chips will see a decent increase in performance, though. For more information on Kaby Lake, including a full list of Kaby Lake processors for both laptops and desktops, read our Kaby Lake explainer. So what’s new? At its most basic, this chip has a higher base clock speed thanks to the efficiency gains made possible by the Kaby Lake architecture. Where the 6700K had a base clock speed of 4GHz, the 7700K manages 4.2GHz. In addition, the maximum Turbo Boost clock speed – which dictates how fast any given core can go – has been increased to 4.5GHz from 4.2GHz in the old model. That’s a decent jump in performance for a processor that has the same 91W TDP (thermal design power) as its predecessor. On-board graphics performance has been improved as well, with Intel HD Graphics 630 replacing the 530 from last year. As you’ll see from my benchmarks, though, this is no speed demon. Video: What's the difference between Intel Core i3, i5 and i7? If you’re upgrading your desktop from a sixth-generation Intel Core processor, your current motherboard should be able to accommodate a seventh-gen chip. This will almost certainly require a BIOS update, so you should check your motherboard manufacturer’s website to see whether compatible firmware has been released. Asus released Kaby Lake-compatible firmware for our Z170-Deluxe motherboard in December. If you’re starting afresh, you can now pick from a new array of motherboards that includes the Z270 chipset. This new chipset is similar to the Z170, with extra PCI-E lanes to improve performance on systems with high-performance storage and graphics hardware. Kaby Lake also supports Intel Optane, which offers a way to speed up performance on the cheap. It supports low-capacity, high-performance SSDs to boost the performance of slow hard disks. Intel has also improved overclocking, both in terms of performance and stability. This should make it far easier to push big speed boosts without spending time obsessing over voltages. You get the same quad-core architecture with Hyper-Threading, allowing for more efficient multi-tasking and performance-heavy tasks such as 3D and video rendering. Go to page 2: Performance, Gaming and Overclocking Best Deals for Intel Kaby Lake: Core i7-7700K 0 shares Read Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews, opinions and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy More on Trusted Reviews More information - Sitemap| About us| Contact us| Advertise with us Facebook Twitter Googleplus Trusted Reviews is part of the Time Inc. (UK) Ltd Technology Network © Time Inc. (UK) Ltd 2003-2017, All rights reserved| Terms of use| Privacy Policy| Cookie Information Free Newsletter Get TrustedReviews' award-winning reviews and advice delivered to your inbox for free! By submitting your details, you'll also receive emails from Time Inc. UK, publisher of Trusted Reviews and other iconic brands about its goods and services, and those of its carefully selected third parties. Please tick here if you'd prefer not to hear about: Time Inc.'s goods & services, including all the latest news, great deals and offers Third party goods & services ⩔ Show More Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookies Policy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Intel to take stake in German mapping firm HERE in automated driving push Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Jan 4, 2017 | 12:17am IST Intel to take stake in German mapping firm HERE in automated driving push The logo of Intel, the world's largest chipmaker is seen at their offices in Jerusalem, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo FRANKFURT U.S. chip maker Intel (INTC.O) will take a 15 percent stake in German digital mapping firm HERE, it said on Tuesday, as it seeks to build its presence in automated driving technology. A filing to the German cartel office on Tuesday showed Intel has sought approval to buy a stake in the company, which is controlled by German carmakers Daimler DAIGN.DE, BMW (BMWG.DE) and Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE). Intel and HERE said in a statement that they had also signed an agreement to collaborate on the research and development of real-time updates of high definition (HD) maps for highly- and fully-automated driving. Intel did not disclose how much it would pay for the stake but said the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter. The deal highlights a shift in the dynamics of research and development in the car industry, which until recently saw automakers largely dictating terms for suppliers to manufacture their proprietary technologies at specified volumes and prices. Now carmakers are increasingly striking partnerships with technology firms using open technology standards, seeking to harness their expertise in areas including machine learning and mapping as they race against Silicon Valley companies such as Google (GOOGL.O), Tesla (TSLA.O) and Apple (AAPL.O) to develop driverless vehicles. Last month two Chinese companies and Singapore's sovereign wealth fund GIC agreed to buy a 10 percent stake in HERE and in July, BMW teamed up with Intel and Mobileye (MBLY.N) to develop self-driving cars by 2021.[nL8N19N32S] BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen bought HERE for 2.8 billion euros ($2.9 billion) in 2015 from mobile equipment maker Nokia NOK1V.HE of Finland. Last September, HERE said it would introduce a new set of traffic services allowing drivers to see for themselves what live road conditions are like miles ahead using data from competing automakers, an industry first. (Reporting by Irene Presinger and Harro ten Wolde; Editing by Susan Thomas and Adrian Croft) Next In Technology News South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief SEOUL South Korea's special prosecutor said on Sunday it will take into account the economic impact of whether to arrest Samsung Group leader Jay Y. Lee in connection with an influence-peddling investigation involving the president. U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. SpaceX returns to flight, sending satellites into orbit A SpaceX Falcon rocket blasted off from California on Saturday, returning the company to flight for the first time since a fiery launchpad explosion in September. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories BUSINESS As its boss moves to Tata HQ, investors fret over TCS future Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Welcome Log out Login Register ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST ABOUT BENCH FORUMS PODCAST LOGIN REGISTER PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables Home> Laptops Menu PC Components▼ CPUs GPUs Motherboards SSDs Cases/Cooling/PSUs Memory NAS Storage Smartphones & tablets▼ Smartphones Tablets Huawei HTC Samsung Google/Android Microsoft Apple SoCs Systems▼ Notebook Reviews Desktop Reviews Mac Reviews Ultrabooks Enterprise & IT Wearables TRENDING TOPICS Intel CES 2017 CPUs Trade Shows Mobile GPUs Smartphones AMD Storage Home> Laptops Acer Announces Aspire VX 15 And V Nitro Gaming Notebooks, And Predator 17 X Updates by Brett Howse on January 3, 2017 12:00 PM EST Posted in Laptops Acer CES Trade Shows Pascal Kaby Lake CES 2017 0 Comments | Add A Comment 0 Comments + Add A Comment In addition to the new Acer Predator 21 X, Acer has also announced updates for their gaming notebooks that will be in the budget of more of the earth. Acer is announcing a new V Nitro 15 and V Nitro 17, along with an updated Predator 17 X, and a new value line in the VX 15. V Nitro Black Edition The new V Nitro Black Edition laptops come in two flavors, with both a 15.6 and 17.3-inch model. Both feature IPS displays, with a base offering of 1920x1080 and optional 3840x2160. They have been updated to the latest Intel Core i5-7300HQ or i7-7700HQ 45-Watt quad-core processors, and graphics are either the GTX 1060, or GTX 1050 Ti. There are two SODIMM slots, and Acer offers up to 16 GB of memory which can be expanded to 32 GB if you buy your own RAM. Storage options include both SSD and HDD options, with the SSD as the boot drive. SSDs are either 256 GB or 512 GB of PCIe NVMe, or 128/256/512 GB SATA SSDs. The 15.6-inch model can be had with 500GB/1TB/2TB 5400 rpm hard drive options, and the 17.3 is just the 1 TB model. Cooling is provided by two fans, and buyers who purchase the GTX 1060 model will have one of those fans be an AeroBlade metal fan, and Acer has their DustDefender and CoolBoost tech to help keep things clean and cool. Both models feature a USB 3.1 Gen 2 port with Thunderbolt 3, and DisplayPort over USB-C. There is also two USB 3.0 ports, and two USB 2.0 ports, along with Ethernet and HDMI (which is likely 2.0 but it’s not specifically stated). There is also a SD card reader. Acer includes a fingerprint reader for Windows Hello, and it’s built into the track-pad. Power is provided by either a 135-Watt adapter, or 180-Watt adapter depending on the GPU, and there is a 52.5 Wh battery or 70 Wh battery as well. The V Nitro 15 weighs 2.5 kg with the small battery, or 2.6 kg with the large battery, and the V Nitro 17 weighs 3.1 kg or 3.2 kg. The V Nitro 15 Black Edition goes on sale in February starting at $1199, and the larger V Nitro 17 Black Edition starts at $1399. Predator 17 X Acer’s Predator line is their high-end gaming line, and the 17.3-inch Predator 17 X is near the top of the stack. It’s been updated with the latest Intel Core i7-7700HQ, or i7-7820HK CPUs, along with the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1080 GPU. This notebook can handle up to 64 GB of DDR4-2400 with four SODIMMS slots, and there is NVMe PCIe storage or SATA SSD in RAID 0, complimented by an optional HDD for bulk storage. The backlit keyboard offers four zones of color options, and there are four speakers, and two subwoofers. Thunderbolt 3 is available as well, along with four USB 3.0 ports, DisplayPort, HDMI 2.0 w/HDCP, Ethernet, headset jack, and an 88 Wh battery. This updated Predator 17 X will be available this month starting at $2599. Aspire VX 15 It’s difficult to get into a gaming laptop for less than $1000, so when Acer launches a new product into this market, it’s great to see. The new VX 15 is a 15.6-inch notebook with a 1920x1080 IPS display, and it doesn’t skimp on the gaming power either. The base model offers an Intel Core i5-7300HQ quad-core processor, or you can opt for a Core i7-7700HQ as well. Graphics are provided by either the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050, or GTX 1050 Ti, both which offer 4 GB of GDDR5 RAM. Acer will provide up to 16 GB of DDR4, but there are two SODIMM slots so you can upgrade to 32 GB of needed, and storage is 128/256/512 GB SATA SSDs, and a 1 TB HDD. There is a USB 3.1 port, although it’s limited to USB 3.0 speeds, and two more USB 3.0 ports, plus a USB 2.0 port. There’s a SD card reader, and HDMI output. The 52.5 Wh battery likely isn’t going to get you Ultrabook levels of battery life, but it should get a couple of hours off the mains, and there is an Intel Dual Band Wireless-AC 8265 wireless adapter for solid connections. The laptop weighs 5.51 lbs, or 2.5 kg, and measures 1.14 inches thick, or 28.9 mm. The best part? It starts way under $1000, with a $799 starting price. Availability is January. Souce: Acer   Tweet PRINT THIS ARTICLE Post Your Comment Please log in or sign up to comment. POST A COMMENT 0 Comments View All Comments PIPELINE STORIES + Submit News Digital Storm BOLT X: A Kaby Lake-Based SFF PC with Custom Liquid Cooling Seagate to Shut Down One of Its Largest HDD Assembly Plants OWC Previews DEC Add-On For MacBook Pro Marvell Show the 88SS1079 Controller: An Updated 88SS1074 Nintendo Switch Hardware Launch Details - 32GB w/Expandable Storage, 6.2” 720p Screen, 2.5 to 6.5 Hour Battery Life Kingston Launches DataTraveler Ultimate GT USB Flash Drive with 2 TB Capacity ASUS Announces Designo Curve MX38VQ: 37.5 Inch Curved Display with Qi Charging DEEPCOOL Showcase the GamerStorm Quadstellar: One Big Metal Shuriken Chassis CES 2017: GIGABYTE’s Thunderbolt 3 to 8x USB 3 Dock ASUS Demonstrates ROG Swift PG27UQ: 4K, 144 Hz, HDR, DCI-P3 and G-Sync HTC Announces New Phones For U: HTC U Play and HTC U Ultra CES 2017: GIGABYTE Shows Passive Apollo Lake BRIX in Embedded UCFF TWEETS IanCutress: For the RGB enthusiast who has everything https://t.co/hdy1HAgziD IanCutress: @FlameyCat Latency of what? ganeshts: @monkeybrainsnet Don't waste ad dollars on promoting to non-SF Bay Area folks unless you plan to expand (would be nice if you do that) IanCutress: @Nick_Craver @BrettHowse it is fun :) just time consuming IanCutress: @Nick_Craver Ask @BrettHowse, but we really need another laptop reviewer to cover in depth. Doing 6-10/yr atm RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl On paper, sure. 2 DP lanes would be good enough for 1080p60, even 4Kp30 if Nintendo decides to support that RyanSmithAT: @lpSykl None that we've heard of so far. Plus it wouldn't need to, the console itself can do that RyanSmithAT: I really doubt the Switch consumes this much power, but it means that it can still charge quickly while in active use (i.e. docked) RyanSmithAT: Nintendo Switch power input, taken from Nintendo's 3D render for promo videos: 15V @ 2.6A (39W). Subject to change before release, of course RyanSmithAT: @DanMatte None has been spotted IanCutress: Part SoC, part external chipset?@RyanSmithAT ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy BRCM was definitely not an amateur. The Chinese Phytium Mars, on the other hand... ganeshts: @BitsAndChipsEng @Dresdenboy One less ARM v8 server vendor - does not look like a positive for the ARM server ecosystem ganeshts: @Bindibadgi I can't see NBASE-T taking off before cable ISPs start delivering 1 Gbps+. 802.3ad will get adopted if user friendly ganeshts: @Bindibadgi Linksys CM3132 cable modem has 2xLAN & the EA9300 router has 2xWAN ports link-aggregated. https://t.co/Jfzbt5yGnq Follow @ANANDTECH   LINKS Home About Forums RSS Pipeline News Bench Galleries Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Contact Us TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS The Most Trusted in Tech Since 1997 About Advertising Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. TOPICS FOLLOW ABOUT CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides Facebook Twitter RSS About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. BENCH CPU SSD GPU 2013 GPU 2012 Smartphone 2011 Mobile TOPICS CPUs Motherboards SSD/HDD GPUs Mobile Enterprise & IT Smartphones Memory Cases/Cooling/PSU(s) Displays Mac Systems Cloud Trade Shows Guides FOLLOW Facebook Twitter RSS ABOUT About Advertising Privacy Policy Contact Us Show Full Site Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. Log in Don't have an account? Sign up now Username Password Remember Me Lost your password?
Infosecurity Group Websites Magazine Events Infosecurity Europe Infosecurity Leadership Summit Infosecurity Magazine Conferences Infosecurity Netherlands Infosecurity Belgium Infosecurity Russia Infosecurity Mexico Infosecurity Middle East Leaders Network Insight Infosecurity Webinars Infosecurity Whitepapers Infosecurity Virtual Conferences Our website uses cookies Cookies enable us to provide the best experience possible and help us understand how visitors use our website. By browsing Infosecurity Magazine, you agree to our use of cookies. Okay, I understand Learn more Latest 'It Always Being About Bitcoins': Shadow Brokers Retire Trump Cyber Advisor Giuliani Runs Outdated, Hackable Website WhatsApp 'Backdoor': Overblown Characterization? Dyn: UK Orgs Suffer from Lack of Visibility Beyond the Network Securing the Connected Car   News Topics Features Webinars White Papers Events & Conferences Directory Search Infosecurity Magazine Home » News » US Law Firms Hacked by Chinese Nationals for $4M in Insider Trading Profits 3 Jan 2017 News US Law Firms Hacked by Chinese Nationals for $4M in Insider Trading Profits Tara Seals US/North America News Reporter, Infosecurity Magazine Email Tara Three Chinese nationals face US federal charges for allegedly hacking into two major law firms in a bid for insider trading information. Iat Hong, Bo Zheng and Hung Chin have been charged with infiltrating the servers of two law firms in 2014 and 2015 and accessing nonpublic information about pending mergers and acquisitions. The three allegedly pilfered gigabytes upon gigabytes of documents with the use of malware on the firms’ web servers. According to the indictment, the three then traded on that information about imminent deals in order to make $4 million in illegal profits. They were also apparently incredibly tenacious: The indictment also alleges that the defendants launched at least 100,000 attacks on at least five other law firms between March and September 2015, trying to get unauthorized access. “The attacks against law firms to gain secretive M&A information are going to become the next frontier of revenue generation for cybercriminals,” said Nathan Wenzler, principal security architect at AsTech Consulting, in an email. “While credit-card account theft has been big news in the past few years because of how it affects individuals at a very personal level, attacks aimed against intellectual property and proprietary financial dealings are becoming more popular with hackers due to the lucrative nature of exploiting this information.” The indictment does not name the law firms, but details that Law Firm 1 advised Intel Corp. on its 2015 acquisition of Altera Corp. for $16.7 billion and represented a company that was in deal talks with InterMune Inc., which sold to Roche AG in 2014 for $8.9 billion. Law Firm 2 advised Pitney Bowes Inc. in the 2015 acquisition of New York-based e-commerce company Borderfree. This information indicates that the hacked firms are likely to be Weil, Gotshal & Manges and Cravath, Swaine & Moore, according to Law.com. Both have so far had no comment on the situation. Greg Reber, CEO at AsTech Consulting, said that the two have a history of security incidents. “These two firms represent Wall Street banks and Fortune 500 companies—Pitney Bowes, Intel, Roche AG, etc.  In other words, very big deals are made with their counsel. The bad news that should be shouted from every rooftop garden on top of buildings inhabited by expensive M&A law firms is this: this is not the first time these firms have been breached,” he told us. “Earlier this year, Cravath told the Wall Street Journal that an incident involved a ‘limited breach; of its systems and that the firm was ‘not aware that any of the information that may have been accessed has been used improperly.’ They were wrong.” He added, “Law firms that believe they are protected by those little disclaimers at the bottom of emails should take note: Hackers simply don’t care about contracts.” US Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New York echoed the sentiment: “This case of cyber-meets-securities fraud should serve as a wake-up call for law firms around the world: you are and will be targets of cyber-hacking, because you have information valuable to would-be criminals.” Hong, 26, was arrested on the charges on Dec. 25 in Hong Kong and is now facing extradition to the United States. Both Hung and Zheng remain at large. Meanwhile, the Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a parallel civil enforcement action that seeks an asset freeze to prevent the three from cashing out on other stocks they may have purchased as part of the scheme. Photo © photo.ua/Shutterstock.com Why Not Watch? 15 Sep 2016Cognitive Security: How Artificial Intelligence Is Your New Best Friend 26 Feb 2015Understanding and Responding to Advanced Persistent Threats 19 Feb 2015Secure Data in the Cloud – Learn to Combat Cyber Threats to Protect Your Assets 20 Oct 2016Can Good Security Help Drive Greater Business Agility? Related to This Story Hackers Mount Coordinated Attack on Prestigious US Law Firms Deliveroo Under Fire After Hungry Hackers Defraud Firm New York Times Targeted in Hack Attack Gone in Less Than 60 Seconds: Why the Automotive Industry Needs to Get up to Speed with Security China Believed to Be Behind Largest-Ever US Government Hack What’s Hot on Infosecurity Magazine? Read Shared Watched Editor's Choice 1 6 Jan 2017 Opinion Porn Gets Pwned: for Hackers, XXX Means Exploit, Extort and Expose 2 13 Jan 2017 News GoDaddy Forced to Revoke 9000 SSL Certs 3 11 Jan 2017 News ISACA Issues NIST Cybersecurity Framework Audit 4 12 Jan 2017 News Peace Sign Pics Could Give Hackers Your Fingerprints 5 12 Jan 2017 News Deloitte: Machine Learning to Soar in IoT as DDoS Attacks Top 10 Million 6 13 Jan 2017 News Trump Cyber Advisor Giuliani Runs Outdated, Hackable Website 1 21 Nov 2016 News FBI: US ATMs Could Be Hacked to Spew Cash 2 18 Nov 2016 News US Government Releases New IoT Security Guidance 3 22 Nov 2016 News Conficker Still on Top as Malware Jumps 5% in October 4 21 Nov 2016 News Data Protection Disputes to Soar Over Next Five Years 5 18 Nov 2016 News UK Retailers Facing One Million Fraud Attempts Per Day 6 17 Nov 2016 News SHA-1 Time Bomb: One Third of Websites Have Yet to Upgrade 1 19 Jan 2017, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar The Enemy Within: Overcoming a Company’s Greatest Security Vulnerability – Its People 2 9 Feb 2017, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST Webinar Protecting Against Malicious Insiders and Targeted Attacks 3 2 Feb 2017, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Securing the Internet of Unnecessary Things 4 23 Feb 2017, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Hyper-Realistic Simulation - the New Approach to Cybersecurity Training 5 26 Jan 2017, 15:00 GMT, 10:00 EST Webinar Beyond Prevention –How a Cyber Resilient State can Provide a Ransomware Defense 6 14 Nov 2016 Webinar How to Hack a Human: Defending Against Social Engineering Attacks 1 18 Nov 2016 Blog ‘We'll Always Have Paris’ – Highlights from ISSE Conference 2016 2 16 Nov 2016 Blog Closing the Gender Gap in Cybersecurity: Its Time to Back Ourselves as an Industry 3 28 Nov 2016 News 100,000+ Sign Petition to Repeal Investigatory Powers Bill 4 28 Nov 2016 Opinion What Role Does Privacy Play in Your Digital Transformation Strategy? 5 30 Nov 2016 Opinion Internal & External Ramifications of Leaked Board Strategies 6 25 Nov 2016 Opinion Stop and Think: Cybersecurity Best Practices for Black Friday and Cyber Monday The Magazine About Infosecurity Subscription Meet the Team Contact Us Advertisers Media Pack Contributors Forward Features Op-ed Copright © 2017 Reed Exhibitions Ltd. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Sitemap Please wait…
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19111.90 -0.91%   Hang Seng ▲ 22702.44 -1.02%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.397%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.56 0.36%   Yen ▲ 114.14 -0.32%   DJIA ▲ 19885.73 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In SpaceX Launches Rocket With 10 Iridium Satellites To Win Back Customers, Fashion House Fendi Thinks Small Trial Reveals Pitfalls of Whistleblower Claims From In-House Lawyers Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Wanda Group, Owned by China’s Richest Man, Suffers Rare Off Year Fiat Chrysler CEO Faces Uphill Battle With Emissions Probe Lockheed Martin ‘Close’ To New F-35 Deal Renault Investigated Over Emissions Supreme Court to Weigh How Soon Firms Can Sell Copycat Biotech Drugs Takata Executives Criminally Charged in U.S. Probe of Faulty Air Bags Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Intel Buying 15% Stake in Here, German Auto Makers’ Digital-Map Venture BMW, Daimler and Volkswagen’s Audi bought Here in 2015 By William Boston William Boston The Wall Street Journal BiographyWilliam Boston @berlindiary BerlinDiary william.boston@wsj.com Updated Jan. 3, 2017 2:00 p.m. ET Intel Corp. is acquiring a 15% stake in Here International B.V. for an undisclosed sum, joining the digital mapmaker’s core shareholders BMW AG, Daimler AG and Volkswagen AG’s Audi unit in developing navigation technology for self-driving cars. Intel and Here aim to jointly develop technology needed to support the real-time updates of traffic and road conditions that are used to enable and ensure the safety of fully automated... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Hardware Intel alternative Talos Secure Workstation brings POWER8 to the desktop Raptor Engineering has partnered with Crowd Supply for the crowdfunding effort of a desktop motherboard utilizing IBM's POWER8 server-grade processors. By James Sanders | January 3, 2017, 7:42 AM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Raptor Computing Systems In the wake of the success of Raspberry Pi—which is itself spurring interest in Linux—the market for (partially) open single board computers has expanded greatly, with numerous competitors appearing on the market. More "complete" packages, such as the Librem 15 notebook computer and the EOMA68 modular computing project, have gained popularity and secured funding for production through the crowdsourcing website Crowd Supply, a platform which focuses on hardware development projects, and has a very hands-on staff who assist in navigating the logistics of manufacturing and distribution. That said, these projects are a far cry from performance computing—while suitable for hardware projects or basic desktop computing, these devices are unlikely to win any performance benchmarks. For people needing large amounts of computing power, the Talos Secure Workstation hopes to be the answer to this gap in the market. By using IBM's POWER8 processors, Talos effectively allows for server-class hardware to be shoved into an ATX form factor. SEE: IBM launches new Linux, Power8, OpenPower systems (ZDNet) While this is not the first time server-class POWER processors have been used on the desktop, the last commercially available product is the decade-old IBM IntelliStation POWER 285, which used POWER5+. This line was discontinued by IBM in January 2009 amidst a larger move out of hardware (selling assets to Lenovo), and in the middle of budget cuts that surrounded the economic turmoil of the time. A Second Chance More about Open Source Why the earliest open source licenses are still the most relevant Raspberry Pi in 2017: New boards, new OSes and more 2017: The year Linux will reach 5% market share Subscribe to TechRepublic's Open Source Weekly newsletter Unlike other crowdsourced projects, the company behind this project, Raptor Engineering, has been in business since 2009. This is not their first go at trying to crowdsource the funds to produce the Talos Secure Workstation. Last February, their initial campaign was self-hosted, and required 2,000 backers to finance the production run. This time around, working with Crowd Supply, the minimum number of backers needed is 900. TechRepublic's previous coverage of Talos also detailed the creation of the OpenPOWER Foundation, which was created by IBM to allow third parties to create POWER-compatible hardware. The design of Talos was meant to avoid closed firmware blobs, and Talos is more secure than comparable Intel products due to the lack of Intel's Active Management Technology (AMT) service. The mainboard and related accessories are offered for $3700 USD. Processors, sold separately, range from $1135 for an 8-core, 3.026 GHz processor, to $3350 for a 12-core 3.226 GHz processor. The "Complete" bundle, with the fastest processor, maximum RAM, a case, two 4TB enterprise SAS disks, an LSI SAS controller, and an AMD FirePro W9100 is $17,600, though this can be exchanged for an NVIDIA Quadro K6000 for an extra $1500. What Talos can do The working design of the Talos Secure Workstation includes support for one POWER8 SCM (single chip module), in 8, 10, or 12 core processors at 190W TDP, or 8 or 10 core processors in 130 TDP versions, for a maximum of 96 logical cores on the highest-end available CPU. The board also includes 8 DDR3 slots with ECC, powered by two memory controllers for a maximum 256 GB RAM. For PCI Express, there are two x16 CAPI-capable slots (configured as 8 shared lanes), four x8 slots, one x1 mPCIe slot, and a single legacy PCI slot. Other ports include ten SATA (6 Gbps, two of which are eSATA), one HDMI port, eight USB 3.0 ports, two Gigabit Ethernet ports, two external and two internal RS232 ports, and one 40-pin GPIO header. SEE: Power checklist: Vetting employees for security sensitive operations (Tech Pro Research) Speaking in terms of power (excuse the pun), the POWER8 processors are very competitive with Intel's Xeon series of server processors. The benchmarks posted on Raptor Engineering's website demonstrate this to an extent. For example, POWER8 is about 25% faster at LZ4 compression of a random 128 MB file than is an Intel Xeon E3-1270, though the Xeon is slightly faster in a real-world test of compressing Mozilla. Talos is capable of running various popular Linux distributions, even in Little Endian mode (a historic pain point for older versions of the POWER ISA). The crowdfunding campaign ends on January 14, 2017 at 11:59 PM UTC. Automatically sign up for TechRepublic's Open Source Weekly Newsletter for more hot tips and tricks. Subscribe Parting thoughts Do you have a use for high performance workstations in your organization? Do you have security concerns with binary blobs and out-of-band management technologies found in Intel products? Share your thoughts in the comments. Disclosure: James Sanders is an associate member of the OpenPOWER Foundation. Also see The top 15 TechRepublic must-watch videos from 2016 (TechRepublic) Google, Rackspace will co-design Power9 servers for Open Compute (ZDNet) The end of passwords? Not in the near future (TechRepublic) AMD's Ryzen could be the defining processor of 2017 (ZDNet) 2017: The year Linux will reach 5% market share (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About James Sanders James Sanders is a Java programmer specializing in software as a service and thin client design, and virtualizing legacy programs for modern hardware. Full Bio Contact See all of James's content jas_np × Full Bio James Sanders is a Java programmer specializing in software as a service and thin client design, and virtualizing legacy programs for modern hardware. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks Inside Amazon's clickworker platform: How half a million people are paid pennies to train AI How K9s became a secret weapon for solving high-tech crimes How driverless cars will be the first robots we learn to trust #WeAreNotWaiting: Diabetics are hacking their health Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Research: 3D Printing 2017: Benefits, trends, enterprise applications IT leader’s guide to the Dark Web Severance policy Hiring kit: Robotics engineer Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270) Motherboard Review Home News Reviews Previews Community Compare Prices Channel Cebit CES Computex Event General Tech Science Component APU Bundles Cases Cooling CPU Graphics Hard Drives Memory Motherboard Optical Drive Power Supplies Printers Soundcard SSD Drives Virtual Reality Lifestyle Apple iPad iPhone iPod Mac Laptop / Mobile Accessories Netbook Notebook Tablet PC Mobile Android Blackberry Media Phone Smartphone PC Base Unit Gaming PC General Purpose PC Peripheral Camera Drive Caddy Graphic Tablet Headphones Keyboards Monitors Mouse Pen Drives Routers Speakers Toys Site News A Day In The Life Of Carl – Cartoon Strip Announcements Annual Awards Competitions Competitions 2 Competitions 3 Highlights Highlights 2 Highlights V Highlights-new Interviews Interviews 2 Site Debate Software & Gaming Apps Computer Speakers Console Drivers Gaming Seat Online Operating Systems Security Wireless Wireless Card ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270) Motherboard Review 1. Introduction2. ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270): Packaging and Bundle3. ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270): Board Layout and Features4. ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270): UEFI5. ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270): Software6. Testing Methodology7. Tests: CPU Related8. Tests: Memory Related9. Tests: Gaming Related10. Overclocking & Power Consumption11. Tests: Motherboard Features Performance12. Closing Thoughts13. View All Pages Review Score: January 3rd, 2017 at 5:00 pm - Author Ryan Martin The Maximus IX Formula is the latest top-tier ASUS Republic of Gamers motherboard for Intel’s new Kaby Lake CPUs and Z270 chipset. While below the Maximus IX Extreme in the ROG product hierarchy, the Formula is likely to be more popular as it targets a lower price, has a more customisable aesthetic and more features that are usable to the average PC builder, rather than an extreme overclocking audience. You can read our Kaby Lake Core i5-7600K and Core i7-7700K review HERE. A quick glance at the new Maximus IX Formula versus the previous generation Maximus VIII Formula highlights a limited number of visual differences, though a good number of changes and improvements have still taken place under-the-hood in terms of hardware and features. The Maximus IX Formula is best interpreted as an incremental improvement to its predecessor, rather than an overhaul or major redesign, which is in keeping with the relationship Kaby Lake (Z270) has to its predecessor Skylake (Z170). Some of the key innovations ASUS ROG has introduced with the Maximus IX Formula should make it an appealing upgrade for consumers on older Intel platforms. These include an integrated rear I/O shield and backplate, dedicated motherboard headers for water cooling gear, a USB 3.1 front panel header, 3D Printing support and an overhauled audio system. ASUS is keen to emphasise the water cooling credentials of the Maximus IX Formula and the integrated CrossChill EK II waterblock promises up to 4 degrees Celsius temperature improvements over the previous generation for the motherboard VRMs. The improved water block comes in addition to 2 water temperature sensors and a water flow sensor to help monitor the entire watercooling system that prospective buyers may choose to configure. ASUS has also reiterated its continued commitment to 3D Printing, that it initially outlined with the Z170 Pro Gaming AURA, and provides the templates required to reprint and customise the plastic shroud elements of the Maximus IX Formula motherboard. ASUS ROG Maximus IX Formula (Z270)  CPU Socket  LGA 1151, 10 phase VRM  Chipset  Intel Z270  Memory  DDR4, 4 DIMMs, up to 64GB and 4133+ MHz with OC  Onboard Graphics  Intel HD Graphics (supported CPUs)  Discrete Graphics Up to Nvidia 2-way/Quad SLI, AMD 3-way/Quad CrossFireX  Expansion Slots 2 x PCIe 3.0 x16 (x16/x0 or x8/x8, from CPU) 1 x PCIe 3.0 x16* (x4 electrical, from PCH) 3 x PCIe 3.0 x1 (from PCH) *Shares bandwidth with PCIe x1_3 and is default set at x2 mode, not x4  Storage 6 x SATA III 2 x M.2, up to 32Gbps**(SATA mode for M.2_1 shares bandwidth with SATA port 1, M.2_2 shares bandwidth with SATA port 5,6  USB 6 x USB 2.0* (4 Rear, 2 Front, via PCH) 6 x USB 3.0 (4 Rear, 2 Front, via PCH) 3 x USB 3.1 (2 Rear [Type-A and C], 1 Front, via 2 x ASM2142 controllers)*2 front share with ROG_EXT port  Networking Intel I219-V Gigabit LAN Intel 802.11.ac 2T2R MU-MIMO and Bluetooth v4.1  Audio  Realtek ALC 1220 with ESS ES9023 Sabre DAC  Fan Headers  8, all support 3/4 pin fans in DC or PWM (2 x CPU, 3 x CHA, 2 x W_PUMP, 1 x H_AMP [high amperage])  Rear I/O  1 x BIOS flashback button 1 x Clear CMOS button 2 x Wi-Fi Antennae 1 x DisplayPort 1.2 1 x HDMI 1.4b 4 x USB 2.0 4 x USB 3.0 1 x USB 3.1 Type-A 1 x USB 3.1 Type-C 1 x Gigabit LAN RJ45 5 x Audio Jacks 1 x Optical S/PDIF  UEFI Crashfree UEFI with USB BIOS Flashback Page : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Pages:Next > Pages:Next > Similar Posts Categories Tags Related Related Tags: AsusIntelkaby lakeLGA 1151motherboardRepublic of GamersReviewRGBZ270 Categorized Under: Highlights, Motherboard, Reviews Damian Xvolt Not sure how this earns the worth buying award, considering its pros and cons, price has increased for the formula series and given its performance, is it worth buying? I mean they are doing a good job on audio and power usage but at the end of the day like you’ve said, it may be rather worth spending on another grade RoG motherboard. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Ryan Martin Worth buying with the caveat that you intend to watercool your system, if not a lower spec board is a better alternative. Also the price will come down after the launch buzz passes, it always does. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Jarix USB 2.0 should have been dropped. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) KVragec The price does go down for sure, but this board is significantly more expensive over previous formula and the price is around Z170 extreme if i convert the price from pound to hrk . Prices here in Croatia stay stupidly high for a long time VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) AMD Guru No, it can still be useful. I’m using one right now for my Corsair Commander Mini and another for my two USB 2.0 ports on the front of my case. Still need them a bit. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) AMD Guru I’m replacing my GIGABYTE Z170X Gaming GT with this board. The number one reason, the RGB LED lighting!!!! Can’t have enough! I read the review of this board over at Guru3D.com and he said that this board was close to other ASUS Z270 boards in the $200 price range per features, but this one has all the extra RGB LED lighting that was adding to the cost. That and the water block. I do understand that some won’t care, or even like, the extra RGB LEDs, but that is the ONE reason I will buy this board!!!! Honestly, if I had my way, this board would have even more lighting. 2017 is the year of RGB LED lighting, although it may just be a fad. Now to decide if I’m keeping my 6700k or buying this with that 7700k thing? No IPC improvement, such a shame. Would there possibly be any reason a 7700k would be an advantage over the 6700k? Besides the iGPU being better. lol VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) AMD Guru Funny, go to ASUS’ site and this board is shown with 8 SATA3 ports and SATAe support. Also is shown with a U.2 port. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) N-ninja O… i kinda liked it, but… i feel they didnt implement the capabilities of the rgb… i mean what if they could take the strix z270, and the main piece of the board, the weird geometric shape near the lower middle right of the board, take that, put it on the next strix or something, and add rgb on all the pointy parts, if anyone has seen the motherboard then how does this seem. i think this would go rlly well, specially if the rgb was blue, across where all the geometric shapes meet… srry this comment was rushed… so may not be worded accurately. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Ryan Martin I had a look. The U.S version is the same (https://www.asus.com/us/ROG-Republic-Of-Gamers/ROG-MAXIMUS-IX-FORMULA/) don’t get confused with the Maximus VIII Formula (last gen, incidentally this has 8 SATA ports and U.2) VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) AMD Guru OK, I see, you’re right. The other board is the Maximus VIII. My bad, thanks. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) John I to was also pulled in by the lighting option, sucks its $70 more for that vs the Code. So if anyone wants to save $70, the Code is basically the same board, minus the lights and EK chiller. I think Formula has a couple more minuscule options, but if you just need a nice board for gaming and dont care about the options, get the Code. I’ll be getting the Formula… maybe, im waiting for the gtx 1080 ti, launching in February. Don’t be fooled by the new i7 7700k! its practically the same as the 6700k. IF you get a 6700k and CAN push it to 4.7, it will out perform the 7700k at 5.0 (if you get a 7700k that can go that high). the 6700k at 4.5 is pretty much the same as the 7700k at 5.0. the igpu is practically the same, just a new name. The only REAL difference is they added support for 4K media decoding inside Windows 10’s PlayReady 3.0 DRM, which makes 4K Netflix possible on PC. So unless you absolutely need that… Besides, Coffee lake (X and S versions with 6 cores 14nm) will be coming out by the end of 2017 and will supposedly be the same socket lga 1151 as per that ive read. Cannon lake is suppose to be for laptops and tablets, lower watts. Ice lake will be out sometime in 2018, more than likely a new socket….? My advice, save your money and keep the 6700k. review on i7 7700k Kaby lake http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2017/01/intel-core-i7-7700k-kaby-lake-review/ VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) AMD Guru We are thinking the same way. I’ll stay with the 6700k and get the FORMULA, that will be a nice build. Add a 512GB Samsung PRO 960 M.2 SSD for Windows, and my two ASUS RX 480s, that should get me by. VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) chris Why few device’s make use of usb 3.0 speed only really AC network adapters and storage devices Usb 2 is still more then enough especially if it reduces costs VA:F [1.9.22_1171] Rating: 0 (from 0 votes) Polls Your next gaming screen should be? Curved: Wrap around action Flat: Preserve the tradition I only game on laptops View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive KitGuru Facebook Latest News Netgear’s Lionel discusses Arlo Baby Complete Monitoring System... Filed under: CES Nintendo Switch hands-on: what we learned... Filed under: Console, Event, Highlights 2 MSI’s Joran showcases new Kaby Lake motherboard features... Filed under: CES Some Intel Skylake and Kaby Lake CPUs are open to a USB debug exploit... Filed under: CPU, Security Halo Wars 2 beta coming to PC next week... Filed under: Software & Gaming Archives Archives Select Month January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 Channel Component Lifestyle PC Peripheral Professional Reviews Site News Software & Gaming Home News Reviews Previews Buying Advice Games Sitemap Community Privacy Terms of use Contact Copyright © 2010-2016 KitGuru Limited. All rights reserved. A Korona Solutions Concept.
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Multimedia Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AR/VR Esports Big Data Marketing Bots Media Business Mobile Cloud PC Gaming Dev Security Enterprise Social ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Multimedia Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS HP refreshes 15.6-inch Spectre x360 with 7th-gen Intel chip, 16GB RAM, starts at $1,280 Ken Yeung@thekenyeung January 3, 2017 9:00 AM Tags: CES, CES 2017, HP, HP News, HP Spectre, HP Spectre 2017, HP Spectre x360, HP Spectre x360 2017, laptops, top-stories, touch screen, Touch-Friendly Convertible Laptops Above: HP Spectre x360 15.6-inch laptop with stylus Image Credit: HP HP is refreshing its 15.6-inch Spectre x360 laptop to make it more appealing to creators. Billed as the “most powerful” Spectre, this touch-friendly convertible laptop builds on its 2016 predecessor with a 7th-generation Intel chip, fast-charging support, a larger battery, and an ultra high-definition (UHD) display. The 2017 edition of the 15.6-inch Spectre x360 goes on sale February 26 on HP’s website starting at $1,280. You can also purchase the computer at Best Buy for $1,500. Equipped with a 15.6-inch diagonal 4K touch display, a 3840×2160 resolution, and more than 8 million pixels, this computer is not just your normal work laptop — it’s designed to entertain and provide optimal graphic support to designers, gamers, photographers, and those who just prefer having sharper images. The Spectre has a micro-edge display that has become a standard feature, with a UWVA eDP BrightView WLED-backlist narrow border touch screen. Running on Windows 10 Home, the laptop also has a 256GB PCle NvME M.2 Solid-State Drive, 16GB DDR4 SDRAM, Bang & Olufsen dual speakers, a full-size island-style backlit keyboard, and a front-facing FHD IR webcam and dual array microphones. There are also ports for USB Type-C Thunderbolt 3, HDMI, USB A, and USB Type-C 3.1 Gen. HP has added a larger battery to the computer, claiming that it can run up to 12 hours without charging, or about 1.5 hours longer than the 2016 edition. And when your battery does run low, you probably won’t have to wait long to be back on the go, since this year’s model features support for fast charging, which the company promises will produce a 50 percent charge in 30 minutes. In a twist, Intel graphic cards are not being used this time around. While you had a choice of an Intel HD Graphics 520 or Iris Graphics card last year, HP has shifted to include an NVIDIA GeForce 940MX card with 2GB of dedicated video memory and about 10GB total graphics memory. Overall, the 15.6-inch Spectre x360 is a tad heavier than its predecessor: 4.4 pounds versus 4.02 pounds. Gallery: HP Spectre x360 15.6-inch laptop Image Credit: HP In October, HP refreshed the 13-inch version of this laptop. You can read VentureBeat’s review here. Besides the updated Spectre, HP is also introducing a new version of its EliteBook x360, Envy Curved AiO 34, and OMEN X 35-inch curved display, and the Sprout Pro G2. ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish HP Spectre X360 15.6 Laptop (2017) By Hubert Nguyen on 01/03/2017 09:00 PST The 2017 HP Spectre X360 15.6” is the successor of the 2016 Spectre X360 15 we reviewed. The laptop addresses the same high-end market of enthusiast and semi-pros, and offer similar high-level features: fast Intel CPU, 4K Display, Discrete graphics option. Let’s take a closer look. HP Spectre X360 15.6 (2017) Although family traits are recognizable, the new Spectre X360 has an improved design. The most obvious one being the thinner bezels as HP removed nearly 10mm on either side of the screen. If you go back to our 2016 Spectre X360 15 photos, you will see that the bezels were relatively big. HP has now addressed this. The top and bottom bezels remain relatively thick, but HP points out a good reason: having the webcam at the top usually yields a better portrait shot during conference calls. Inversely, webcams located at the bottom, tend to have an odd angle – this is not new at all, but a tradeoff that each user (and OEM) must choose. The 4K (3840x 160) display is powered by an NVIDIA GeForce 940MX discrete graphics processor (GPU) with 2GB VRAM. It is decent for video editing, and light gaming, but I wish that HP had the chance to integrate the newer NVIDIA GeForce 1040+ graphics chip instead. It would have been very nice. We guess that the bottom contains the electronics and edge lighting for the display, and it’s also worth nothing that a certain size is required to fit with the overall form-factor of the chassis. Talking of which, the chassis design is a multi-mode one (Laptop, Tablet, Stand and Tent modes). Invented by Lenovo with the YOGA line, 360-degrees swivel laptops have now become almost a de-facto standard. It is extremely useful in various situations. The backlit chiclet keyboard seems pretty standard for HP, and is quite agreeable to use. You may notice that the trackpad is absolutely huge, and probably one of the biggest we’ve seen – the size of a smartphone. That’s especially great if you are using a lot of touch gestures. Inside, the fastest Intel CPU you can pick is the Core i7-7500U 2.5-3.5GHz Processor accompanied by 16GB of memory (2 DIMM / not user accessible) and up to 256GB of PCIe NVMe SSD storage. As usual, the sound has been designed in partnership with Bang & Olufsen, with very nice speaker grills on either side of the keyboard. We haven’t had a chance to test them in a serene environment, but the previous version was quite good. The HP Spectre X360 15.6 2017 weighs 4.43 Lbs, so it’s not really a feather-light laptop, but if you don’t need to lug it all the time, it is a very comfortable laptop to work on. Sometimes, it’s worth having such a laptop in your hotel room or temporary office, and use an 11” or a tablet during meetings. Last, but not least, you get a very large 79.2 Whr battery in this laptop, which is charged with a 90W power adapter. We’re not sure how fast it charges, but many other laptops have a 45W charger, so we’ll try to see if there’s some true fast-charge in this one. Ports 1x Thunderbolt 3 (Data up to 40Gb/s, Power Delivery, DisplayPort 1.2, HP Sleep and Charge)(41) 1x USB 3.1 Type-C™ Gen 1 (Data up to 5Gb/s, Power Delivery, DisplayPort 1.2, HP Sleep and Charge)(41)(42) 1x USB Type-A 3.1 Gen 1 (HP Sleep and Charge) 1x HDMI (full-size) 1x Headphone-out/microphone-in combo jack Filed in General. Read more about CES, CES 2017, HP and laptops. Related Articles 2017-01-12 PC Market Declines For Fifth Straight Year 2017-01-07 Ubergizmo Best of CES 2017 2017-01-05 Griffin Announces 100W Hi-Power Breakaway Cable For MacBook Pro 2017-01-05 RAZER Unveils Project Valerie: Gaming Laptop with Integrated Multi-Monitor 2017-01-03 HP Sprout Pro G2, PC with Integrated 3D Scanner 2017-01-03 HP Envy Curved AiO 34 b010 Computer 2017-01-03 HP EliteBook X360 Laptop Launched (Model 1030) 2017-01-05 Dell Unveils Upgraded XPS 15 Laptop Your Netflix Binge Watching Isn’t Doing The Environment Any Favors Man Claims His MacBook Pro Saved Him From Taking A Bullet Energous’ ‘True’ Wireless Charging To Ship Later This Year Microsoft Sees A Future Where Augmented Reality Can Find Lost Keys Panasonic Takes Grocery Self-Checkouts To The Next Level Uber Publishes List On What Could Get You Banned From Its Service Amazon’s ‘The Grand Tour’ Might Be The Most Pirated TV Show Possible Star Wars: Episode VIII Title Revealed in Trademark Filing User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
